 0971349568  Making the Most of Your Flex-shaft ||	  A useful tool  I've been taking metalsmithing classes for a couple of years and for most of that time I've been nagging my instructor for a primer on the flex shaft and all those wheels & burs, only to be told I'll let you know which accessories to use for your project. I was thrilled to see the teasers that this book was being written and ordered it as soon as it was available.I was taken aback a bit when I saw the book for the first time, it's a physically small book, and I judged the book by it's...size. However, as the adage goes you really can't judge a book by its [size], it's a great book! Plus, {duh} it's the perfect size for the bench. All those mysterious wheels, burs, brushes, mandrels are thoroughly explained along with maintenance procedures and how to use the attachments that are available. I'm finally getting some real use out of my flex shaft. <end>  A very good reference.  This book is an excellent reference for jewellers or beginning jewellers to have in thier arsenal. It is not project based but it does have all you want to know about making the most of a flex shaft. It helps one to understand whats best for ones own needs. It gives advise on purchasing a flex shaft for those of us who might not know what HP and shafts are all about. It fills you in on all of this sort of terminology and gives excellent lessons of many diffrent kinds of attachments and handpieces.If your a person who likes to have lots of pictures of jewellery and projects then you might be disapointed by this books textbook format - HOWEVER, I would still suggest you buy it because it will enable you to actually make the sort of jewellery we all moon over!! Or at least start us on our way. Its like being able to take a class on the use of flexshafts.Whilst starting out I was always aware that this tool could really really help me in my excertions making jewellery - but I was uncertain as to how best to use it. I knew it was very useable but lacked the knowledge to actually let it be my "right hand" at the bench. This book helped me to understand and put to use my flex shaft so that it no longer gathered dust as I opted to just do it manually.I'm very grateful that this book was put together, very very useful.Seeing as flexshafts can be used for so much, its useful to know exactly what that "so much" is.... Drilling, sanding, buffing, polishing, enlarging holes, texturing, cutting, engraving and SOOO much more.(Please forgive this review if it doesn't read very well!! I seem to be having a difficult day stringing a sentance together!! But at amazons request, here are my thoughts..) <end>  A long overdue book  For those of you who write that the information in this book is included with your Flex Shaft instructions I say you are crazy. 30 minutes ago I opened the box of my new Flex Shaft (SR) with 84 tools and found the information to use all those tools on 1 and 1/2 pages of a small pamphlet. This is an example of a description  "Unique V stones have extra hard and long lasting vitrified aluminum oxide and ceramic grain with a special glass bead binder that make them extremely long lasting, cool running and very aggressive - 40 to 60 grit. They work on the same materials as CeramicCut Blue Stones, but much more aggressively."I have no idea how that is going to help me to know when and on what material I should use that tool. There are not even pictures for me to know which name matches what tool. Thank goodness Karen Christians has written a book long overdue. <end>  Poorly executed.  Somewhere, buried in these pages is an actual book that might be useful, if only it had had a good editor or someone experienced in organizing information. For example, in the "Choosing the Proper Drill or Bit" chapter, various drills are pictured and then the text describes what they might be used for. Well, I don't pick up a bur and ask, what can I do with this? I first have a need, such as  I need to drill a hole in a pearl -- or, I need to smooth the top of a rivet -- and then I try and find the proper tool for this function. That's how this material should be organized  by need or function. The index won't help you out here either -- it is cursory and incomplete. I was dying to reorganize the charts, too, so the pertinent information wouldn't be buried-- the compounds and abrasives charts are especially bad.To top it off, the "Jeweler's Resources" section is 13 pages of ads. You'd think an advertising section would have paid for the book, so I don't understand the very high price for this small, slim volume. (Also there is a sponsorship acknowledgment page in the front.)This book has some information you'll find useful, if you read every page to ferret it out. But I'm sorry I bought this skimpy, unprofessional, yet expensive book. <end>  Is this book worth purchasing?  This was a disappointing book purchase because the material is based on information that is readily available with the purchase of a flex-shaft. The price of the book is out of line with the value of information in the book. I do not recommend this book to anyone. <end>  Great book  This book is excellent! It shows exactly which head is used for which purpose, and it explains everything in detail. A great book, and I am very grateful that I bought it. <end>  Making the most of your flex shaft  It's useful, to be sure, but, to be honest, I was expecting to find more tips I did not already know about making the most of my flex shaft. However, information about flexshaft maintenance and other information about various abrasives is more than a little useful to have on hand and easy to find. Karen cannot be faulted for the clarity of her layout and writing; it is so easy to follow and certainly I recommend it to anyone who is not familiar with a flexshaft. <end>  For wealthy beginner only  This softcover, 8.5 x 5.5, 78 page book is extravagantly overpriced for what it offers. Seriously, if you already own a flex-shaft, you already know what it has to say. It is one long (or short, depending on your view) advertisement for 3M, Rio Grande, and Foredom who underwrote its publication - as they should have! With this much advertisement for their products and so little of value in terms of tips and tricks, it should be free.Would I keep it if it cost $7 - $8? Maybe, but as it is, I want my money back. It is simply inconceivable that MIJA Press would think this tiny book would fetch the price they put on it. <end>  Expensive, But Worthwhile  I consider this book rather expensive for the slim little volume that it is. However, it is one of VERY few books available that can help demystify the many different cutting, drilling, grinding, polishing, etc. bits available for the Foredom Flexshaft. The only alternative I've found for aquiring similar knowledge is a $100+ hands-on workshop offered at a jewelry supplies shop in our area. So by comparison this book (at about $35) has proved to be a good investment for me. <end>  Overpriced, Expected MUCH MORE  I agree that this book is way overpriced. However there really isn't anything else out there. I bought this book at the same time my Flex was being delivered. I was disappointed because I could have just figured out what everything was used for....and I am just a beginner. My money would have been spent wiser on other supplies. I would not recommend this purchase until after you have you Flex and play a bit with it. Then if you really can't figure it out...borrow the book. This is not a reference I will keep out in my library. It will just get stuck somewhere and I won't reference it after reading it once. <end>  don't waste your money  I was looking for a book that would give me some details about the flex-shaft and how to maintaine it in good working order-like changing the brushes etc.Anyone who has used a dremel like product knows everything in this book already, waste of good money. <end>  Don't Wait - Buy This Book  I have been using a Foredom for years...I finally know how...thanks to Karen Christians! I can't wait to see an updated edition with all the new 3m products.Robyn <end>  Using the flex shaft  I think this book is priced way to high at $34.95 it should have been around $10.95 most of the information was of the type that comes with a flexshaft or is free on the internet I was very disappointed with the book after reading it. <end>  Expensive  I order this book for my wife to go with her new flexshaft. I could not believe that they charged $30.00 for this booklet.Granted there are not many buyers for this item, but certainly $ 30.00 it is too much.In the positive side,there is good information provided and it is a good intoduction to the use of this tool. <end>  Who knew  Wow, so many more uses for my flexshaft that I didn't realize. Easy to read. Well done. <end>  Making the Most of Your Flex-shaft  Small book, big price. Not worth the price. <end>  Making the Most of Your Flex-shaft  This book is good to great to under stand the parts an assorssery for my flex shaft. <end>
 B00007FFLC  PalmBeach Jewelry 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Open-Weave Band ||	  Very expensive looking but runs small  A very beautiful piece for the price, but it runs very small. I ordered a size 5 and it's more of a 4 1/2 in size and I can't wear it on the hand I bought it for. <end>  the gold overlay is just a little to bright  the ring is pretty but just a little to flashy for me the band is not made for small hands <end>  Beautiful for the price!  This is the second thing I've ordered from PalmBeach Jewelry and it's very nice for the price! It's gold plated so it doesn't turn my finger green and it comes in larger sizes (10 for me) so I can wear it on my thumb, forefinger or middle finger instead of a &#34;ring&#34; finger. Also, in each of my PalmBeach packages I have received a free gift! In this package it was a woven bracelet which my daughter really liked. Okay, so it doesn't look completely authentic, it does look really good for a $22 ring! I will definitely purchase from them again! Also, this purchase was an Amazon Prime purchase and they guarantee free returns in case it doesn't fit. Can't really lose with this one!! <end>  Good buy  Sizes run a bit on the small size, and since they do not come in half sizes be sure to order a size up. <end>  Gold plated weave band  Love the style and size of the ring. The ring is not heavy when wearing it.Would recommend this ring. <end>  very nice ring  It's a nicely made ring. I bought it to wear on my middle finger. I've had many compliments on this ring. I did put a coat of clear nail polish on it to protect the gold plating. <end>  It's beautiful  This ring is beautiful but it's not as wide as i thought it was going to be. I wear it a few times a week and i always get compliments on it. The picture doesn't do it justice. <end>
 B00007FFM6  PalmBeach Jewelry 2-Carat Round Pink Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Solitaire Ring ||	  well worth the sale price  I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99, and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me. Although the band is brass, it is electroplated with 14K gold. At first I was worried about the ring being brass, but it still looks quite nice, and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender. Wonderful. Well worth the sale price! <end>  Pretty in Pink!  Love the pink color of this ring. Will be great to wear this spring and summer. Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company. I recommend them often. <end>  well worth the sale price  I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99, and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me. Although the band is brass, it is electroplated with 14K gold. At first I was worried about the ring being brass, but it still looks quite nice, and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender. Wonderful. Well worth the sale price! <end>  Pretty in Pink!  Love the pink color of this ring. Will be great to wear this spring and summer. Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company. I recommend them often. <end>
 B00007FFWQ  PalmBeach Jewelry Sterling Silver Swirled Dome Ring ||	  Love it!!!  I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring. And I'm glad I did. I absolutely love it. It is just perfect. I've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion  Please consider having more rings available in 1/2 sizes. <end>
 B00007FFWS  PalmBeach Jewelry Sterling Silver Swirled Dome Ring ||	  Love it!!!  I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring. And I'm glad I did. I absolutely love it. It is just perfect. I've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion  Please consider having more rings available in 1/2 sizes. <end>
 B00007FQ54  PalmBeach Jewelry x ||	  Excellent  Nice. They are a little large -- but really nice and I recommend them and I received a lot of complements of there beauty. <end>  Very diappointed  I bought these earrings to match the beautiful ring. I don't know what the problem was but the fit was horrible. They didn't hang right no matter what I tried. I even tried putting them on upside-down. The overall look was ridiculous! I am very disappointed and will have to try and find another pair of earrings that will come close to matching the ring. Palm Beach jewelry is usually gorgeous and well-made so I have no idea what happened to these. <end>
 B00007FQNU  PalmBeach Jewelry 10k Gold/Silver Elephant Ring ||	  cute!  i really enjoy this ring. its my new favorite silver ring. the gold elephant is not as shiney and gold as the picture, but honestlyi'm not surprised at that. despite that, it is beautiful and i love it. the silver does get scratched somewhat easily but its hard to see that unless you're looking close. for the price, its quite nice. <end>
 B00007FQWY  PalmBeach Jewelry 3.60 TCW Round Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Beautiful but doesn't wear well  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. My husband bought it for me for Christmas, but by the first week of January I had already lost two stones (and that was with only wearing it a couple of times). Either it's really delicate or not made very well.But nevertheless, it is a really pretty ring, and if you don't bang it around too much it should continue to look great. <end>  Beautiful but doesn't wear well  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. My husband bought it for me for Christmas, but by the first week of January I had already lost two stones (and that was with only wearing it a couple of times). Either it's really delicate or not made very well.But nevertheless, it is a really pretty ring, and if you don't bang it around too much it should continue to look great. <end>  Beautiful but doesn't wear well  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. My husband bought it for me for Christmas, but by the first week of January I had already lost two stones (and that was with only wearing it a couple of times). Either it's really delicate or not made very well.But nevertheless, it is a really pretty ring, and if you don't bang it around too much it should continue to look great. <end>  Beautiful but doesn't wear well  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. My husband bought it for me for Christmas, but by the first week of January I had already lost two stones (and that was with only wearing it a couple of times). Either it's really delicate or not made very well.But nevertheless, it is a really pretty ring, and if you don't bang it around too much it should continue to look great. <end>  Beautiful but doesn't wear well  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. My husband bought it for me for Christmas, but by the first week of January I had already lost two stones (and that was with only wearing it a couple of times). Either it's really delicate or not made very well.But nevertheless, it is a really pretty ring, and if you don't bang it around too much it should continue to look great. <end>  Beautiful but doesn't wear well  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. My husband bought it for me for Christmas, but by the first week of January I had already lost two stones (and that was with only wearing it a couple of times). Either it's really delicate or not made very well.But nevertheless, it is a really pretty ring, and if you don't bang it around too much it should continue to look great. <end>
 B00007FR17  PalmBeach Jewelry 2.48 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Solitaire Ring ||	  Great ring if you like a bold look  I love the thickness of the band and the stone is huge. If you like big, bold rings then you'll like this. Palm Beach Jewelry is one of my favorites. The quality is really good, especially for the price. <end>  Great ring if you like a bold look  I love the thickness of the band and the stone is huge. If you like big, bold rings then you'll like this. Palm Beach Jewelry is one of my favorites. The quality is really good, especially for the price. <end>  Great ring if you like a bold look  I love the thickness of the band and the stone is huge. If you like big, bold rings then you'll like this. Palm Beach Jewelry is one of my favorites. The quality is really good, especially for the price. <end>
 B00007GEJS  Diamond Accent Dolphin Pendant ||	  Diamond Accent Dolphin Pendant  Not very substantial, and as for the diamond accent.....i've yet to see it lol. Very thin and hollow on back. More for a child. <end>
 B00007GF1Y  1.03 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Engagement Anniversary Ring ||	  I might give it to a child  I was so excited about my ring purchase, until I received it. It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of, the stone was flat, and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine. soooo disappointed. <end>
 B00007GF29  1.03 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Engagement Anniversary Ring ||	  I might give it to a child  I was so excited about my ring purchase, until I received it. It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of, the stone was flat, and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine. soooo disappointed. <end>  I might give it to a child  I was so excited about my ring purchase, until I received it. It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of, the stone was flat, and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine. soooo disappointed. <end>
 B00007GFBN  4.69 TCW Oval Cut Purple Simulated Tanzanite Cubic Zirconia Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Ring ||	  Simply Beautiful!  This ring exceeded my expectations. It is absolutely beautiful and I have gotten many compliments when I wear it. I do wish that PalmBeach Jewelry would offer half sizes. <end>  Simply Beautiful!  This ring exceeded my expectations. It is absolutely beautiful and I have gotten many compliments when I wear it. I do wish that PalmBeach Jewelry would offer half sizes. <end>  Simply Beautiful!  This ring exceeded my expectations. It is absolutely beautiful and I have gotten many compliments when I wear it. I do wish that PalmBeach Jewelry would offer half sizes. <end>
 B00007GFPW  Silver Chinese Ring ||	  Cute and comfy!  This ring is really comfortable for a wide band, as the back of it narrows. I get lots of compliments on it too. <end>  CHINESE RING  I THINK THIS RING HAS GREAT QUALITY. The engraving on the ring is extraordinary. Exceptional quality with a thick band. Perfect gift for a friend or yourself. <end>  Cute and comfy!  This ring is really comfortable for a wide band, as the back of it narrows. I get lots of compliments on it too. <end>  CHINESE RING  I THINK THIS RING HAS GREAT QUALITY. The engraving on the ring is extraordinary. Exceptional quality with a thick band. Perfect gift for a friend or yourself. <end>  Cute and comfy!  This ring is really comfortable for a wide band, as the back of it narrows. I get lots of compliments on it too. <end>  CHINESE RING  I THINK THIS RING HAS GREAT QUALITY. The engraving on the ring is extraordinary. Exceptional quality with a thick band. Perfect gift for a friend or yourself. <end>  Cute and comfy!  This ring is really comfortable for a wide band, as the back of it narrows. I get lots of compliments on it too. <end>  CHINESE RING  I THINK THIS RING HAS GREAT QUALITY. The engraving on the ring is extraordinary. Exceptional quality with a thick band. Perfect gift for a friend or yourself. <end>  Cute and comfy!  This ring is really comfortable for a wide band, as the back of it narrows. I get lots of compliments on it too. <end>  CHINESE RING  I THINK THIS RING HAS GREAT QUALITY. The engraving on the ring is extraordinary. Exceptional quality with a thick band. Perfect gift for a friend or yourself. <end>  Cute and comfy!  This ring is really comfortable for a wide band, as the back of it narrows. I get lots of compliments on it too. <end>  CHINESE RING  I THINK THIS RING HAS GREAT QUALITY. The engraving on the ring is extraordinary. Exceptional quality with a thick band. Perfect gift for a friend or yourself. <end>
 B00007GG6G  7-Pair Multi-Gem Earring Set ||	  Some stones good, some not so good  I got these to use in diamond earring jackets. The price is very good. I looked at trying to get these separately and found buying them that way was cost prohibitive. So I found these. I need real gold for my sensitive ears, and the 10K gold does the job without the extra expensive and fragile nature of 14K. But some of the stones are so pale that they all look alike. Even with that happening, it is probably a good deal to buy these for the other colors, which look great in my earring jackets. But some, like the aquamarine, was impossible to distinquish from some of the other pale stones that were also almost colorless. I gave it three stars because that is about the percentage of earrings that I would be using. The others will be be set aside to use if I lose my diamonds and feel like a pale imitation. <end>
 B00007GHWW  PalmBeach Jewelry 3-Pc. Sm. Quartz Set ||	  Perfect!  I am very impressed with this 3-Pc. Smokey Quartz set. Pretty enough to give to my best friend. Not too small, and really beautiful. Just right. Thank you! <end>  Perfect!  I am very impressed with this 3-Pc. Smokey Quartz set. Pretty enough to give to my best friend. Not too small, and really beautiful. Just right. Thank you! <end>  Perfect!  I am very impressed with this 3-Pc. Smokey Quartz set. Pretty enough to give to my best friend. Not too small, and really beautiful. Just right. Thank you! <end>
 B00007GHX1  PalmBeach Jewelry 3-Pc. Sm. Quartz Set ||	  Perfect!  I am very impressed with this 3-Pc. Smokey Quartz set. Pretty enough to give to my best friend. Not too small, and really beautiful. Just right. Thank you! <end>
 B00007GIR9  White Dove Pin ||	  Beautiful white dove  The pin is beautiful and well made. The design is pretty. I have one and gave one as a gift. <end>
 B00007GJAB  PalmBeach Jewelry 1/3 TCW Round Genuine Emerald and Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Band Ring ||	  nothing like pictured  This item is nothing like pictured. &quot;diamonds&quot; are raised bits of silvery metal. &quot;emeralds&quot; are dull, poorly cut and set. <end>
 B00007GJAZ  PalmBeach Jewelry 3/8 TCW Round Blue Genuine Sapphire Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Band Ring ||	  not what was listed....  the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats...BUT when i got it...i could barley tell there were stones on it...NOW it states it is only .28 carats...NOT WHAT I ORDERED!!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS>>>>>SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK!!!! <end>  JUNK...  what a piece of junk,i bought this for my wife,i was embarassed to even let her see it,it was thinner that a human hair,the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan,,,are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company..never ever ever ever buy jewelry online,you will be sorry.i would rather pay $500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund <end>  not what was listed....  the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats...BUT when i got it...i could barley tell there were stones on it...NOW it states it is only .28 carats...NOT WHAT I ORDERED!!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS>>>>>SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK!!!! <end>  JUNK...  what a piece of junk,i bought this for my wife,i was embarassed to even let her see it,it was thinner that a human hair,the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan,,,are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company..never ever ever ever buy jewelry online,you will be sorry.i would rather pay $500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund <end>  not what was listed....  the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats...BUT when i got it...i could barley tell there were stones on it...NOW it states it is only .28 carats...NOT WHAT I ORDERED!!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS>>>>>SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK!!!! <end>  JUNK...  what a piece of junk,i bought this for my wife,i was embarassed to even let her see it,it was thinner that a human hair,the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan,,,are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company..never ever ever ever buy jewelry online,you will be sorry.i would rather pay $500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund <end>
 B00007GJBN  PalmBeach Jewelry 3/8 TCW Round Blue Genuine Sapphire Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Band Ring ||	  not what was listed....  the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats...BUT when i got it...i could barley tell there were stones on it...NOW it states it is only .28 carats...NOT WHAT I ORDERED!!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS>>>>>SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK!!!! <end>  JUNK...  what a piece of junk,i bought this for my wife,i was embarassed to even let her see it,it was thinner that a human hair,the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan,,,are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company..never ever ever ever buy jewelry online,you will be sorry.i would rather pay $500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund <end>  not what was listed....  the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats...BUT when i got it...i could barley tell there were stones on it...NOW it states it is only .28 carats...NOT WHAT I ORDERED!!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS>>>>>SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK!!!! <end>  JUNK...  what a piece of junk,i bought this for my wife,i was embarassed to even let her see it,it was thinner that a human hair,the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan,,,are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company..never ever ever ever buy jewelry online,you will be sorry.i would rather pay $500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund <end>
 B00007GJCZ  Ruby 10k Gold Ring with Diamond Accents ||	  picture makes it look great  Don't go by the picture. There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side, its just silver. I wasn't looking for real diamonds in a $40.00 ring, but some sort of stone would be nice. <end>
 B00007GJTU  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Simulated Pearl Cubic Zirconia Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Ring ||	  Lovely Ring  This is a lovely ring. The design is beautiful and no one can tell that it's not gold. The stone, however is a little on the large size and kind of detracts from the setting. If the stone had been smaller the ring would have been perfect. <end>  Lovely Ring  This is a lovely ring. The design is beautiful and no one can tell that it's not gold. The stone, however is a little on the large size and kind of detracts from the setting. If the stone had been smaller the ring would have been perfect. <end>
 B00007GLS2  Round Simulated Lapis 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Mosaic Globe Pendant and 18&quot; Box Chain ||	  it was alright  the detail is not as vivid as in the picture It kinda of looks washed out and a little disappointed.. <end>  Get what I paid for  The pendant was smaller than I expected, the chain is already discoloring and the pendant already fell off the chain once. Not really impressed by the product or price. <end>  LOVE the necklace  I really like the necklace. It is a small globe and hangs great with a V-neck or scoop neck shirt. The &#34;gold&#34; isn't super high quality, but it is nice and matches the earrings perfectly. It's a fun set especially for anyone who likes travel, globes, etc. I love it! <end>
 B00007GN7J  Multi-Animal Print Ring ||	  multi-animal print ring  this ring was prettier than i expected. not too big and not too small but just right. i love it. it goes with everything. very satisfied with this ring. <end>  Very cool!  My friend got me this ring last month and I haven't taken it off ever since. It's a cool, &quot;crazy&quot; ring -- I absolutely love it! <end>
 B00007GOOA  1.38 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Bridal Engagement Wedding Ring Set ||	  This ring sucks  This ring sucks .this is the 2nd ring ive bought from palm beach. And i will never buy from them again.I will also make sure all the people I know know that they dont sell you the ring in there pictures. They never look like there a set together there off meaning made wrong .they dont sit right or look like a real ring set . to much of a pain to return too. <end>
 B000085QJQ  Men's Mother-Of-Pearl Racer's Ring Size 11 ||	  Completely Satisfied  Was a little relunctant to shop over the internet as this was new to us but decided to place the order anyway.We received the merchandise in a very timely manner and are completely satisfied with the ring. We would not hesitate to do business with this company again. <end>
 B000090NLI  Amazon.com  Zoppini Pink Ribbon Link  Clothing ||	  Forzieri isn't Zoppini  Although the charm looks fine, it is not a Zoppini charm - the original and best Italian charm. It should not be advertised as though it is. <end>
 B000091YFU  Amazon.com  Forzieri Star and Stripes Silver Plated Tie Clip  Clothing ||	  Nice tie clip  This is a very nice looking tie clip and looks as good as it does in the picture. It is well made and seems like should hold up for a long time. <end>
 B00009MEQU  Men&apos;s 1.20 TCW Emerald-Cut Genuine Garnet Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Classic Ring ||	  Handsome and understated ring perfect for gentlemen  My mother gave me this ring years ago. It has a very nice understated look about it; mine has a Florentine finish. Jewelers, by the way, can reapply a Florentine finish that becomes scratched or scuffed. This ring simply looks good--not like the trashy, "blingy" rings you find in the mall kiosks! Quality is really good--the garnet and the diamonds are sturdily inset into the ring. This is the kind of ring a man would buy for himself--so it would make a nice for someone's "special man" out there! <end>  good products  Great products with great service. Easy buying and fast shipments.Would recommend to anyone looking for a great deal and something different then what you fine in stores. <end>  Handsome and understated ring perfect for gentlemen  My mother gave me this ring years ago. It has a very nice understated look about it; mine has a Florentine finish. Jewelers, by the way, can reapply a Florentine finish that becomes scratched or scuffed. This ring simply looks good--not like the trashy, "blingy" rings you find in the mall kiosks! Quality is really good--the garnet and the diamonds are sturdily inset into the ring. This is the kind of ring a man would buy for himself--so it would make a nice for someone's "special man" out there! <end>  good products  Great products with great service. Easy buying and fast shipments.Would recommend to anyone looking for a great deal and something different then what you fine in stores. <end>
 B00009MEQX  Men&apos;s 1.20 TCW Emerald-Cut Genuine Garnet Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Classic Ring ||	  Handsome and understated ring perfect for gentlemen  My mother gave me this ring years ago. It has a very nice understated look about it; mine has a Florentine finish. Jewelers, by the way, can reapply a Florentine finish that becomes scratched or scuffed. This ring simply looks good--not like the trashy, "blingy" rings you find in the mall kiosks! Quality is really good--the garnet and the diamonds are sturdily inset into the ring. This is the kind of ring a man would buy for himself--so it would make a nice for someone's "special man" out there! <end>  good products  Great products with great service. Easy buying and fast shipments.Would recommend to anyone looking for a great deal and something different then what you fine in stores. <end>  Handsome and understated ring perfect for gentlemen  My mother gave me this ring years ago. It has a very nice understated look about it; mine has a Florentine finish. Jewelers, by the way, can reapply a Florentine finish that becomes scratched or scuffed. This ring simply looks good--not like the trashy, "blingy" rings you find in the mall kiosks! Quality is really good--the garnet and the diamonds are sturdily inset into the ring. This is the kind of ring a man would buy for himself--so it would make a nice for someone's "special man" out there! <end>  good products  Great products with great service. Easy buying and fast shipments.Would recommend to anyone looking for a great deal and something different then what you fine in stores. <end>  Handsome and understated ring perfect for gentlemen  My mother gave me this ring years ago. It has a very nice understated look about it; mine has a Florentine finish. Jewelers, by the way, can reapply a Florentine finish that becomes scratched or scuffed. This ring simply looks good--not like the trashy, "blingy" rings you find in the mall kiosks! Quality is really good--the garnet and the diamonds are sturdily inset into the ring. This is the kind of ring a man would buy for himself--so it would make a nice for someone's "special man" out there! <end>  good products  Great products with great service. Easy buying and fast shipments.Would recommend to anyone looking for a great deal and something different then what you fine in stores. <end>
 B00009MEZB  Emerald-Cut Green Glass Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens Inspired Triple-Stone Ring ||	  Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens-Inspired Ring  Love it! This ring is really pretty and I get a lot of complements on it. You will really like it too! <end>
 B00009MEZC  Emerald-Cut Green Glass Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens Inspired Triple-Stone Ring ||	  Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens-Inspired Ring  Love it! This ring is really pretty and I get a lot of complements on it. You will really like it too! <end>  Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens-Inspired Ring  Love it! This ring is really pretty and I get a lot of complements on it. You will really like it too! <end>
 B0000ABDYX  Mother's Heart and Child Ring size 5 ||	  sad  would still love to have this ring at the time i did not have the money to order it is there any chance i could still get it at a later date or from some other web site? hopefully you can help me get this ring. thank you <end>
 B0000ABDZ1  Mother's Heart and Child Ring size 6.5 ||	  sad  would still love to have this ring at the time i did not have the money to order it is there any chance i could still get it at a later date or from some other web site? hopefully you can help me get this ring. thank you <end>
 B0000AGQMV  Peridot/Tourmaline 10k Gold Ring ||	  Nice Item!  I purchased this ring for myself for Valentine's Day. I really love the way it looks on my hand. The craftsmanship is quite nice, though the prongs tend to get caught in my clothes. I don't care, though, because it is just beautiful and well worth the price. <end>  Nice Item!  I purchased this ring for myself for Valentine's Day. I really love the way it looks on my hand. The craftsmanship is quite nice, though the prongs tend to get caught in my clothes. I don't care, though, because it is just beautiful and well worth the price. <end>
 B0000AKOZH  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Gemstone Bracelet, 7" ||	  bracelet  A very pretty bracelet, but I have already lost 1 of the stones. You shouldn't have to worry about things like that on an item that you only wear occasionally. <end>
 B0000AOX1P  Sterling Silver Pink Shell Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  A great buy, a perfect gift!  This necklace is simply beautiful and is elegant. I received one as a new year present and I'm very impressed with the very high quality of this product. The shell itself is extremely pretty and looks very expensive. The dots on the top look extremely classic and is a great addition to the pendant. The only complaint that I have is the chain. The rope chain doesn't really go with the pendant but overall  A great product! <end>  Great Buy!  The pendant is a heavy weight with a sturdy heavy weight chain. It is much better looking in person!A steal at $10! <end>
 B0000AOX1R  Sterling Silver Cabochon Rose Quartz Pendant, 18" ||	  Gorgeous!  I received this item from a good friend for my 25th birthday, and it is simply beautiful. It's quite simple and very classy. The pink is very subtle. <end>  A very pretty pink stone pendant  I was extremely impressed by the quality of both the pendant and the chain. The rose quartz is very nicely polished and has a very unique character to it. I don't think two of these would ever be identical. The setting for the stone is modest and unassuming and goes perfectly with the quartz. The setting has one interesting feature that I had to "fix". Instead of just being a loop for the chain to run through, it is actually a clasp on the back and can be opened in order to remove the pendant from the chain (though the chain is small enough to not need to). The problem was that it seemed to open of its own volition. A dab of hot glue stopped that and did not detract from the jewelry. The chain itself is a nice 18" silver snake chain. It goes well with the pendant and has a decent quality clasp. I recommend this necklace to anyone who is looking for a very nicely priced rose quartz and silver necklace and doesn't want anything "gaudy". <end>
 B0000AOX23  Sterling Silver and Blue Topaz Heart Earrings ||	  Don't Buy  I bought these earrings for my daughter. They are very pretty and she loved them...untill she wore them once and they broke. The part that goes in your ear bent and broke making them useless. It wasn't worth the hassel of returning them so it was like throwing $20 away! Eventhough they look pretty, the quality is poor. Don't buy. <end>  Picture versus product  These were very attractive on web, and pretty when I received. Nice gift bag and box. Only concern was the ear loops were bent making them appear less than &quot;sterling.&quot; But I will wear them once adjusted. <end>  blue diamond  i think that my friend is going to like this earrings, so if she likes it i know you lot will want it so you to go to this website amazon.com you could give it to your freind or your girlfiend or maybe your mum i am sure she will be proud of you <end>
 B0000AOX2D  Sterling Silver Mother of Pearl Pendant, 16" ||	  Beautiful Necklace  My daughter received this necklace as a gift for her birthday from her grandfather and it is not only beautiful but so well made. The chain is nice and strong and the 16 inch length is perfect for her.Thanks Grandpa! <end>  Beautiful  This necklace was above my expectation. You will not go wrong if you purchase it, it is just simply gorgeous. <end>
 B0000AOX2U  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Inlay Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful necklace-SO pretty  This necklace is just beautiful. I also bought the bracelet and matching earrings. The pendant on this bracelet is much larger and heavier in person than it looks in the picture. Very very nice quality silver and onyx. Looks like you would pay much more for a piece this size. <end>
 B0000AOXGR  14k White Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.5-6.0mm Necklace, 17" ||	  Great Value, Exceptional Quality  This is truly a beautiful necklace. I am so very glad I chose this one. With a generous 15 pearls spaced out evenly and a sturdy, but dainty 14K gold link chain you cant go wrong. The price is a steal compared to what others sell for. The quality is truly exceptional.Because I am a picky buyer who wants the most for my money, I did my research on price and quality before deciding and I was pleasantly surprised. I would give this one ten stars if I could. <end>  beautiful piece  I purchased this necklace for my daughter to replace one she had lost. This was an exact copy, and we both absolutely loved it. I had searched around on other sites, and this was the best price (more than half off from another discount site...). The quality of the pearls and the craftsmanship make this a beautiful piece and an excellent deal! <end>  Really nice for the price!  I purchased this necklace as a gift for my girlfriend for Christmas. I was skeptical as I've never ordered jewelry on-line, but I must say that I was very pleasantly surprized. It was well worth the money and even cheaper and of higher quality than anything I saw at the mall or other chain jewelers. The pearls were a little on the small size but again for the price you just couldn't beat it. <end>  Dainty but absolutely beautiful!  What a great value. Would not hesitate to buy again. One area of improvement would be that the clasp is a little small and difficult. By the way this is not really a "kid's review" but I just didn't want to give out my info which the kid's review allows you to do <end>
 B0000AOXHI  Akoya Cultured Pearl 6.5-7.0mm Pendant on 18k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  Very pretty, but light chain  The pearl itself was excellent, as was the rest of the hardware around it. Bu t the chain was a little too, uh, petite. I gave it to my mom as part of the birthday gift and I have no DOUBT that she won't be able to wear it anywhere NEAR her granddaughter. Plus the fine chain and tiny lobster clasp make for easy knots and difficulty putting on the chain. It is pretty, but I expected something a little different. <end>  PEARL  My wife ,as well as myself, were extremely happy and satisfied with the Akoya Cultured Pearl. It was delivered on time and it helped to enhance a wonderfull Christmas.Thank you. <end>  Beautiful!  This was my first experience ordering jewelry on the Internet. After pricing similar necklaces in jewelry stores, I was delighted with both the beauty and the price of this pearl pendant. The pearl is lustrous! <end>  Gorgeous !  I certainly did not expect such a beautiful pearl. Wonderful mirror-like luster. Has a lovely slight pink tone. Smooth clean surface (no pits or bumps) except for one little mark which can only be seen on very close inspection, definitely not while it is being worn. <end>
 B0000AOXHQ  Akoya Cultured Pearl 7.5-8.0mm Pendant on 18k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  Beautiful!  Lovely flawless pearl. High luster with a rose tinge. Checked out a similar sized pendant at Macy's. The price was higher and the quality was not as good. <end>
 B0000AOXHU  Akoya Cultured Pearl 8.0-8.5mm Pendant on 18k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  Flawless!  Am very pleased with the purchase. The pendant is a flawless pearl with a rosy tinge. Has mirror-like surface. Would not hesitate to buy Akoyas from Amazon again. <end>
 B0000AOXKM  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 7.0-7.5mm Earrings ||	  Simply Lovely!  Have worn these cultured pearl earrings 24/7 for weeks at a time and after six months of wear, they are just as great looking as the day I received them! I am glad I chose the 7.0mm size as they are just right for me! Glad I bought them and would highly recommend them. These would make great gifts too as it is hard to beat Amazon prices! <end>  Beautiful!!  I received these pearls as a gift for Christmas and I absolutely adore them. In fact, I'm wearing them right now.They are the perfect size  not too large so as to look ridiculous, but not to small so that you don't notice them. They are noticeable and very elegant looking. The good thing about them is that you can wear them when you're dressed up, or you can wear them when you're out in your jeans! They're very flexible.The backs seem very sturdy and the pearls are obviously good quality. They come in a velvet bag which is laid in a box on top of a piece of foam. They also include care information.I would definitely buy these again or buy them for someone as a gift. They are wonderful and my new favorite earrings! Highly recommended! <end>
 B0000AOXKQ  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 6.0-6.5mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.03ctw) on 14k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  Nice little necklace  The 14K gold necklace is a bit thin, but matches well with the pendant. It is a great price for such pendant and with diamond accent. You shouldn't go with anything smaller than 6.0-6.5mm; this is the "starter" size (I bought this with the matching earrings for my boyfriend's mom as her birthday gift, and she loves them.)Pros Perfect size pearl for everyday outfitThe tiny diamond adds a touch of "luxury"Cons Mine is a little loppsidedOverall, good buy <end>  freshwater pearl pendant w/diamond  This is a gift for my mom. It's beautiful. She loved it. You won't be sorry when you buy this necklace <end>  Very Nice  I love this pearl pendant necklace. It is very delicate, not overbearing. This necklace can be worn with just about anything. I purchased 3 for my bridesmaid's gifts. Very nice, for the price!!!! <end>
 B0000AOXKR  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 6.0-6.5mm Earrings w/ Diamond (.06ctw) ||	  very tasteful  ery suitable for wearing for fashionable occasions. very dressy <end>
 B0000AOXLM  14k White Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 6.0-6.5mm Earrings ||	  Nice, but they didn't last long.  I received these earings and the matching necklace for Christmas, and a month later, the pearl fell off one of the posts. My boyfriend is going to try to contact the company to get his money back, but I'm still upset that they broke!Other than that, they were small, but pretty, and if they were better attached to the posts, they'd be great! <end>  A gift that is good looking and a good value  I gave these earrings as a gift. They are exactly as described. The 6.0-6.5mm size is small, yet so is the price.A note about the 14k stems. My wife's ears react badly to many stems, however she says these are fine.I read a review about the pearl falling off...I will write a PS if this happens to my wife's earrings. <end>  Pearl Earrings  The pearls came off the post after two months of use. I would like my money back. I also purchased at the same time, a pair of gold earrings, those also came off their post four weeks after purchase! I would like my money back for those as well. <end>  yes, they also fell off  I bought these as my wifes push gift about 10 month ago, and the pearl came off today. no warranty, since Amazon only offers a 30 day warranty.they were nice, but buyer beware. It seems like they don't last. <end>
 B0000AOXLP  14k White Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Earrings w/ Diamond (.04ctw) ||	  My mom loved them.  I got these for my mom and she loves them. She doesn't like big, heavy jewelry and finds them to be the perfect casual, daily wear or dress-up for parties earrings. Excellent value, make a great gift. <end>  Beautiful earrings  These earrings are absolutely beautiful. They came in a classy black velvet box. They are elegant and of good quality. I would recommend them to all my friends and family. <end>  good gifts  They are cute and the quality worths the money. A good gift at a reasonable price. <end>
 B0000AOXMI  14k White Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 8.0-8.5mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.07ctw), 18" ||	  It's even more beautiful than I thought it would be!  This is a beautiful piece of jewelry! I am really pleased with it! I had done a lot of research online about pearls, and was originally looking for an Akoya pearl pendant, but this one seemed a good alternative (and better value) for its size. I was very pleased with the quality of the pearl - it's difficult to believe that this isn't an Akoya. The pearl has a BEAUTIFUL luster (the product description describes it as medium-luster...but if this is medium luster, it is MORE than acceptable to me), and has no blemishes, as far as I can see (I did look very closely under bright lights and unless I look with a magnifying glass, I don't expect I'll see anything significant, and anyway that really seems like overkill). Also, the diamond is very bright and very clear, not too small to be overlooked but not too big to overbear the pearl. I like the pendant so much I honestly would have given this 5 stars, but the chain the pearl came with was a very minor disappointment b/c it is a little too thin for such a substantial pearl and seems kind of delicate, especially if you have young kids who might want to grab at it. Nevertheless, this would make a lovely gift, also b/c Amazon sends it in a very nice blue-velvet box - it makes a very nice presentation. <end>  Exactly as advertised  Purchased as a Valentine's day gift for my wife --the item arrived promptly (as always w/ Amazon) and was everything the description said it would be --the pearl is well shaped, has good color and arrived in a nice gift box w/ complete care instructions. My wife loves it!! I have purchased DVD's, books, tools and jewelry from Amazon --everything has been exactly as described and has arrived BEFORE promised. They are my e-tailer of choice. <end>  What a pleasant surprise!  Buy a special piece of jewelry online? My usual answer has been, "No,thanks". I took a chance after reading the excellent description, and viewing the picture. This beautiful pendant of pearl, diamond and white gold is beautiful. The pearl is luminescent, with no visible defects. The diamond placed above the pearl is sparkly, and it sets off the pearl. The white gold chain is delicate and completes the look I was looking for. I have received many compliments on this necklace, and I highly recommend it. <end>
 B0000APUDN  Akoya Cultured Pearl 6-6.5mm Pendant on 14k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  Simple, well made, meet my expectation  I ordered this item recently for myself. I like the simple, elegant style of this necklace. The Akoya pearl is light cream colored, perfectly around and blemish-free. The necklace is shipped in a nice, decent-sized package. I paid more for a 5-5.5 mm fresh water pearl necklace with similar style a few years ago, so I think this item is a great value. <end>  A Classy Bargain  This is a sweet deal for such a classic, understated look. I've found I can wear this necklace with just about anything, and it looks natural both out on the town and in the conservative environment where I work. Out of three inexpensive necklaces I purchased months ago, this is the only one that could take the punishment I inflict on jewelry. And you usually get a 16&quot; chain at this price, but I really appreciate the versatility I get from the extra 2&quot;. If I have more cash to spend someday, I may trade up to a bigger sized pearl pendant. Right now, I'm just pleased as punch to have a piece that's beyond reproach. <end>  Lovely Pearl  This item was bought as a birthday present for my Mom. She found it to be very lovely. My wife and I were particularly impressed with the pearl pendant. <end>  Very Nice  I ordered this for my Wife as a Christmas Present. It is very nice. Quite wonderful for the price. <end>  Great Pearl  I got this for my girlfriend for Valentine's Day and she loves it. The pearl is very high quality and the price on Amazon was unbeatable. The chain is quite thin, but it's not too long and looks nice. Overall, I would recommend this pendant for anyone who wants something nice but is working on a limited budget. <end>
 B0000APUDO  Akoya Cultured Pearl 7-7.5mm Pendant on 14k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  A classic piece of jewelry as a &quot;classy&quot; gift.  I bought this pearl pendant as a gift without being able to see it firsthand and had my doubts. It arrived in only a few days as described in a great gift box. The akoya pearl turned out to be exquisite. This fine piece of jewelry was aptly described in every detail and the gold chain is also very nice. I am really pleased and can't wait to give it away and sort of &quot;brag&quot; about it. A real find for the price! I had bought a pearl ring at a local store and when I saw it again and was ready to give it away I changed my mind. This pearl is the substitute and there is no comparison. The ring is going back and this pendant stays. <end>
 B0000AS4OC  14k Yellow Gold Italian 1.95mm Open Curb Link Anklet, 9" ||	  Beautiful anklet  Nice chain, not too small and not too big. Just the right size for an anklet. <end>
 B0000AS4PA  14k White Gold 1.5mm Diamond-cut Rope Anklet, 9" ||	  Nice, but kinked  The anklet is pretty, has a nice thickness, and it fits well. And it seems like it's generally of good quality. However, the item I received was kinked in two places when I removed it from the box. I may have simply received a damaged item, but beware that this may happen to you as well. <end>  Satisfied  The product arrived as it is promised and it is in perfect shape.You should be careful about the length of the chain though, I now think that 10 inch would have been a better choice. <end>  Very satisfied customer  Item was exactly as described. I received it as promised. Will definitely shop here again. <end>  Excellent value  I am very pleased with my new anklet. When I see similar products in stores and elsewhere, the price is at least two times higher than this price. So not only do I have a beautiful piece of jewelry, but at a really special price. <end>
 B0000AS4PJ  14k Yellow Gold Charleston Anklet, 9.5" ||	  Cute But Overpriced  The anklet is so darned cute, but I think it was overpriced. Otherwise I would have rated it a 5.If I had the option of handling the item, I would not have made the purchase at that price. <end>
 B0000AS4PO  14k Yellow Gold Italian Anklet w/ Stars and Hearts, 9" ||	  14k Yellow Gold Italian Anklet w/ Stars and Hearts, 9"  As always, shopping with Amazon was a pleasureable experience. The item mentioned was a birthday present. It arrived very, very, fast and turned out to be an extremely nice gift. I would also like to point out that I am very pleased that Amazon offers free shipping when you purchase items over a certain dollar amount. It certainly makes you wonder why others are such "rip-off" artists when it comes to shipping and handling charges. This is not my 1st purchase through Amazon and it will definitely not be my last. Great deals on quality products, fast and free shipping. What more can you ask for?!!! <end>  Great Anklet...wife loves it!!!!  I haven't ever done reviews..but I bought this for my wife on our 11th wedding anniversary and she loves it! <end>
 B0000AS4QM  14k Yellow Gold 1.5mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 18" ||	  Elegant Necklace  I was delighted and a bit startled when I saw the necklace because the picture doesn't accurately capture it. It really is a gorgeous piece, especially for the price. The necklace has a good bit of weight to it and the lobster claw is very secure. When on, it sparkles marvelously. I am extremely pleased with it since it can be worn alone (whereas I had planned it for use with a pendant). It is my first jewelery purchase through Amazon and it has emboldened me toward further purchases. <end>  LOVE IT!  This is a very nice necklace for the price. I was very pleased with the quality of the necklace, I agree with the other reviewers that the picture does it no justice. It looks beautiful with the pendant I bought for it - I can't wait to give it to my mother for x-mas - I am sure she is going to love it! <end>  beautiful  I just recieved this item a couple days ago. I can't believe how beautiful and shiny this chain is. It is nothing like the picture. 100x's better! Great deal! <end>  Beautiful Chain  I can tell you that after receiving the chain and giving this to my wife the pictures that Amazon has online do not even come close to the beauty of this in real life. It is a great chain and if fact I also ordered a 24' version after I received this one. <end>
 B0000AS4RE  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 20" ||	  Great value for the money  I ordered this chain for my boyfriend and was skeptical of the qualtiy due to the low price. My fears were unfounded, however. The chain is all the description reads and more. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Weak Link But Most Important  This is a very nice necklace. My only problem is with the "LOBSTER CLAW" clasp. The thing fell apart. After much effort I was able to get it put back together and had to apply pressure with pliers on the sides of the clasp so the parts would stay put and work. <end>
 B0000AS4SI  14k White Gold 3mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 18" ||	  excellent price  Was worried to order jewelry online but it was a much greater value and price than any store around <end>
 B0000AS4TE  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Charm Bracelet, 7" ||	  14K yellow gold charm bracelet  Excellent design and appearance. The only problem was that the clasp would not stay closed. Rather than attempt to bend/fix the clasp, I returned it in order to make another selection. <end>
 B0000AS4TZ  14k Yellow Gold .85 mm Italian Box Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Great Gold Necklace!  Most people can tell quality in jewelry when they see it. There won't be a problem seeing it with this piece. If you're looking for a quality necklace to go with that special pendant, look no further. This product is exactly as described and a real value. It's heavier than the necklaces that come with most valuable pendants and the lobster clasp is much sterdier. So, if you paid alot for the pendant, why not spend alittle for the piece of mind with a better necklace to hang it on. <end>  Great Chain- Great Price!  I was hesitant to order this chain sight unseen, but as it turns out I made the right decision. It is exactly what I was looking for. This is a high quality chain and just the perfect weight for the Celtic cross my husband bought me for Christmas last year. The lobster claw clasp is much more attractive and classier looking than an o-ring style clasp. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AS4US  14k White Gold 1.1mm Italian Box Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  WOW! More than Expected!  I've been looking for a high quality, white gold 20" box chain for many months. Either the clasp was not as secure as a lobster-claw (like this chain has) or the price was OVER $200.I am truly delighted with this chain, and I am going to order it in yellow-gold, too. You will love it's chic appeal that can go either dressy or casual. <end>  14k White Gold 1.1mm Italian Box Chain Necklace, 20"  very pretty, like it a lot. <end>
 B0000AS4WJ  14k White Gold .9mm Italian Octagonal Snake Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  White Gold Necklace  I thought this was all right.I was disappointed that I can't wear it much because the clasp is inferior and tears my hair. <end>  Stunning piece  This item not only looks fabulous, but it feels gorgeous and silky against the skin... AWESOME !! <end>
 B0000AS4XU  14k Yellow Gold 1.5mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Wow!  I can't believe the weight and quality for the price. A beautiful bargain. <end>  Beautiful Necklace for a Great Price and Super Fast Delivery  I purchased this and received it the next day! I couldn't believe it. I had just been to my local jeweler who showed me a similar necklace at almost twice the price. And the length was a special order so it would have taken 2 weeks! I am so pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AS4XX  14k White Gold 1.5mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Love it!  The necklace is beautiful and I may get another in a different length, nice quality and a great price! <end>
 B0000AS4Y4  14k Yellow Gold 1.15mm Italian Mixed Ball Diamond-Cut Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Excellent value, much more elegant than price suggests  From across the room, the shimmer of this gold piece could easily be mistaken for diamonds.I'd always been skeptical of buying jewelry from Amazon, but I took a risk on this as a Christmas gift. To my pleasant surprise, not only was this a piece of high quality, but it arrived in a perfectly adequate gift box and drawstring pouch (I didn't order Amazon's gift wrapping service).The piece might be considered a bit dainty by some, but even regular room lighting dances on the surfaces of the mixed ball design spectacularly.My wife has a hard time choosing daily between this and the anniveresary diamond pendant I gave her for our 5th anniversary. Buy this piece with confidence. <end>  I love it.  I bought this a few years ago at Amazon and I just love it. It's sparkles like crazy. <end>  Very pleased with my chain  The chain i bought was everything i had in mind to buy.I was very pleased.Thank u also for the prompt delivery. <end>  great little chain  The chain is much much better than shown in the picture. The shine and sparkle is excellent. Highly recommended without any reservations whatsoever. <end>  VERY nice little necklace!  I just received this necklace and already love it! It's a beautifully delicate and dainty piece that has an incredible sparkle! For the money I paid ($40), I'm already convinced it was worth the price!UPDATE 2010  I wore this necklace until the chain broke. I think it was just too fragile. I'd love to have another, but I'm not willing to spend the $150 plus shipping since it doesn't qualify for free shipping. <end>
 B0000AS4YM  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Italian Figaro Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Impresionante  Es una cadena o collar bien agradable, bastante pesado y a un muy buen precio. Lo recomiendo ampliamente a todos. Ali. <end>  Excellent buy  I just received the necklace and I am impressed by the weight and apperance of it. I shopped around and this was by far the best price for the quality and weight of this type of necklace. I would highly recommend this piece to all! <end>
 B0000AS4YW  Men's 14k Yellow Gold 4.8mm Italian Mariner Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Beautiful piece of jewelry  I ordered this gold chain for my fiancee' and received it 2 days after I placed my order. I couldn't wait to take a closer look and see if it even matched the picture that was posted on Amazon's website. I was not dissapointed in the least little bit. It is a beautiful piece of jewelry that I know will please my fiancee'. It is 10 times more than the picture shows. Can't wait to see his expression on Christmas morning. <end>  Beautifu Mens Chain  Again, the picture doesn't do justice to how beautiful this chain really is in person. It has diamond cuts on each link that make this beauty really sparkle and shine. It's a very good quality chain for the money. And I was pleasantly surprised about the size-for dummies like me I wasn't sure what the 4.6mm would actually "look like". It's about a 1/4". I got this for my husband for our 25th wedding anniversary and he loved it!! <end>  Thank you so much! It's just great.  I bought this change and it is exactly as it was described by the seller. I am really happy to have bought it it looks really nice. And it arrived two days after I ordered it. Thank you so much! <end>  Nice Chain. Great color.  I like the chain. I am happy with the quality, and the sale price was really good compared with what I saw in department stores. I wish I could have afforded the heavier chain. <end>
 B0000AS4YX  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Italian Mariner Chain Bracelet, 8" ||	  Mariner Bracelet  This item has an appeal that would makes others think it cost more than it does and the wear is comfortable! <end>
 B0000AS4ZY  14k Yellow Gold 8.1mm Italian Curb Bracelet, 8" ||	  Beautiful Men's Bracelet  I just received this Curb Link bracelet and I love it. The cost was phenomenal, the shipping was fast, and the packing was very articulate. Thanks for helping me with my Christmas Shopping. <end>  Classic and Substantial  I just received this item in time to give to my husband for Christmas, and I am so pleased. What do you give to the love of your life? This is perfect and worth its weight in gold. Masculine but not gawdy, understated but still substantial. In a word - classic. <end>
 B0000AS51G  14k Yellow Gold 3 Row Italian Panther Bracelet, 7" ||	  Excellent Value  The bracelet that arrived was exactly as described. It appears to be well made, especially for the money. There are no sharp edges or poorly set links that might be found in a piece of lesser quality. The clasp is especially secure. The presentation box it came in was a nice touch. I plan to buy the matching necklace for my girlfriend this Christmas. <end>
 B0000AS51Y  14k Yellow Gold Italian 6mm Omega Necklace, 16" ||	  Entirely Acceptable Quality  I replaced a defective item with this one, and upon delivery inspected it immediately to find no flaws. Rated "very attractive," according to the recipient.Prospective buyers should understand that thick Omega-style necklaces are inflexible by design, and therefore must be treated much more carefully than chain-style necklaces. That includes both care in use and care in storage. Keep the box and use it for protection. <end>
 B0000AS52T  14k White Gold 1mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Nice Quality!  Well made. I especially like the slim loop clasp - easy to push thru pendants. And a great price, I have not seen this chain for this price anywhere. <end>  nice value  The Gold chain was for a Ruby Pendant that I had purchased earlier (a 40th Anniversery gift). The Chain was high quality, a good value and I did not have to shop three dozen jewelry stores to find it.. A very nice piece. <end>  Pleased with quality and price  I was pleasantly surprised by how thick this chain was when we received it. My wife is very happy with the Wheat pattern, and it hold the pendant I bought for her separately very well, without getting tangled. I looked all over and this was by far the best price. <end>
 B0000AS52V  14k White Gold 1.5mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Beautiful, fluid chain!  The wheat chain style of this necklace is lovely, and very fluid, not stiff like some thicker chains can be. The shine is soft, and will blend with matte-finish and highly polished pendants. The 1.5 mm. width is also substantial enough to wear alone, without being ostentatious. A lovely addition to your collection! <end>  Quality product, Realistic price  Even casual comparision shopping will reveal this item to be an excellent value at a reasonable price. Highly recommend this vendor <end>
 B0000AS530  14k Yellow Gold Italian Square Link Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Happy w/ purchase!  This will stand alone or make a great chain for pendants. The square link is smooth and doesn't catch the hair at the back of my neck like snake chains do. <end>
 B0000AS53M  14k Yellow Gold Handmade Link Bracelet, 7" ||	  Beautiful, not too froufrou bracelet  It's a beautiful bracelet and appears to be strong enough to last a hundred years of daily wear.I compared the price to other gold bracelets and this one is quite heavy for the money. I guess it would be $500 in a jewelry store. (but I don't know for sure) <end>
 B0000AS53Q  14k Yellow Gold Handmade Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  Clasp is HORRIBLE  I had this beautiful bracelet for 3 weeks before the clasp started to become loose. Even with the secondary clasp, it fell of at my company x-mas party (4 weeks after purchase) and was never to be found. Someone got a very nice x-mas gift from me. I suggest that the making of the clasp be improved, and would not recommend the purchase of this item until then.Jim <end>
 B0000ATBZZ  Akoya Cultured Pearl 6.5-7.0mm Earrings ||	  Gorgeous  I bought this at 70% off promotion (one day only at $35.00) here on Amazon. The pearl earrings came second day air. Opening the shipping box was easy and the jewerly case surprised me because it is so plush and exudes quality of craftmanship. No wonder girls like jewelry presents! This really delighted me with anticipation while opening the lid; and wonders, what gorgeous pearls were nestled in the box! (much more radiant then the photo herein).Thank you Akoya and Amazon for offering this sure to delight a swetheart pearl earrings. I will defintely continue to buy Akoya because I can trust its quality and more importantly know that my sweetheart will feel like a princess (she really is) with more Akoya jewelry.Ladies, I was thinking that perhaps bridesmaids would enjoy earrings like these for appreciation gifts. Thoughts?Thank you God for creating woman!Happiness,Paul <end>
 B0000AWOA8  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOK5  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOMR  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOPK  18k Yellow Gold 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Long Time Wearer  I've been wearing a Comfort Fit Wedding Band for over ten years and would never have any other kind. I have to be able to remove the band regularly and it slides on and off easily - but is still securely on when worn. If you're not a "ring fan" but want to wear a wedding band - this is the one for you. <end>
 B0000AWOPY  18k Yellow Gold 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Long Time Wearer  I've been wearing a Comfort Fit Wedding Band for over ten years and would never have any other kind. I have to be able to remove the band regularly and it slides on and off easily - but is still securely on when worn. If you're not a "ring fan" but want to wear a wedding band - this is the one for you. <end>
 B0000AWOXO  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  My wedding ring  We request this rings with some certain doubts, but when tehy arrived I realized that they are so beautiful. <end>
 B0000AWP09  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  My wedding ring  We request this rings with some certain doubts, but when tehy arrived I realized that they are so beautiful. <end>
 B0000AWP2K  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Lovely band  A comfortable, weighty and attractive band. My husband has worn it for six years, and is happy with it. I like how it looks on him; it's not flashy. He's lost weight so has to be careful to not wear it when gardening or shoveling, it's flown right off his hand sometimes! That's what I mean when I say it's got a decent weight. I would describe this as a very solid ring. <end>
 B0000AWP7T  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWP9G  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPAY  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPKO  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPL6  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPOR  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPPD  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPS8  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWPXF  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWQNM  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQPB  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQS4  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQSQ  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQU5  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQZ8  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR3L  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR7J  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWRFO  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Wonderful buy!  We were a bit worried about buying a platinum band over the internet, but it turned out great. We got just what we wanted, a 95% platinum band, with comfort fit at 1/3 of the mall store prices! <end>  can't go wrong with this for the LADIES!!!!!!!!!!  This is the PERFECT RING, especially if your girl is the "simple type"...better yet...It's more than enough if she is...so give her what she deserves...mine loved it...and it looks great, and feels great. PLATINUM... <end>
 B0000AWRGJ  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Wonderful buy!  We were a bit worried about buying a platinum band over the internet, but it turned out great. We got just what we wanted, a 95% platinum band, with comfort fit at 1/3 of the mall store prices! <end>  can't go wrong with this for the LADIES!!!!!!!!!!  This is the PERFECT RING, especially if your girl is the "simple type"...better yet...It's more than enough if she is...so give her what she deserves...mine loved it...and it looks great, and feels great. PLATINUM... <end>
 B0000AWRIX  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRKJ  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRRU  Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Great quality  Ordered the ring on 1/23 and received it on 1/25. The quality is Platnum 950 and the fit is perfect. Retailers want $1K for this ring...Amazon put it on my finger for $503. You can't go wrong with this purchase. <end>  Excellent value for an expensive ring  I wanted a band to match my engagement band and this was the best value for the money..After looking at other sites, Amazon had the Platinum 5mm comfort fit band that I really wanted at such a great price that I took a chance. It came in two days and was exactly the ring I wanted. I know I got a great deal (maybe because I wear such a small size helped) and am very pleased with the ring. Truly for the price of platinum and getting a solid and heavy band Amazon is the way to go.Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Band <end>  Very Nice!  This ring is very beautiful! I had doubt before i ordered it, but one i saw the real thing, i was so impressed by the quality of it. Great price and perfect quality! can't ask for me. <end>
 B0000AWRTC  Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Great quality  Ordered the ring on 1/23 and received it on 1/25. The quality is Platnum 950 and the fit is perfect. Retailers want $1K for this ring...Amazon put it on my finger for $503. You can't go wrong with this purchase. <end>  Excellent value for an expensive ring  I wanted a band to match my engagement band and this was the best value for the money..After looking at other sites, Amazon had the Platinum 5mm comfort fit band that I really wanted at such a great price that I took a chance. It came in two days and was exactly the ring I wanted. I know I got a great deal (maybe because I wear such a small size helped) and am very pleased with the ring. Truly for the price of platinum and getting a solid and heavy band Amazon is the way to go.Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Band <end>  Very Nice!  This ring is very beautiful! I had doubt before i ordered it, but one i saw the real thing, i was so impressed by the quality of it. Great price and perfect quality! can't ask for me. <end>
 B0000AWRV2  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Beautiful  Its a bit risky to order jewelry online, but Amazon has well earned my trust. I have bought two platinum rings and they are both beautiful. This ring is flawlessly crafted from 95% platinum and it is packaged in a deep blue velvet case. The comfort fit and the ring size are identical to the retail jewelery store items that I tried and the price is only half what they were charging. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Platinum without costing you all your Gold  The cheapest price I could find, after talking to several stores (big and small) was $2000.I was incredibly skeptical to purchase a ring over the internet. Especially the main ring. But it was awesome. It even had a return policy package set up as soon as you opened the box.I didn't have any special needs for this ring. I just needed a band. If I ever need a band, I'll go Amazon again. I recommend this to all my friends and family. <end>  Nice Band  He loves how hefty it is (takes it off and shows it to people - feel that? Doesn't it have some heft to it?!) He would prefer it to be a little less round, but finds it comfortable. Would definitely recommend it.  0) <end>  Great price for a wedding band  I had mixed feeling about ordering a wedding band for my upcoming wedding online and especially Amazon.I just opened the box and it was exactly like everyone I had looked at in my local high-end jewelry stores. I know that platinum is currently very expensive, but they wanted 2-3 times more than what I paid for this.I immediately took it to my local jewelry store and the confirmed that it was platinum. If you want a simple platinum band, this is a great deal. <end>  Beautifully crafted ring  The ring came in a nice blue Amazon box. I bought it for my fiance. He was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this ring. I highly recommend it for others who are searching for a plain platinum comfort fit wedding band. The price was the lowest I could find online. <end>
 B0000AWS1U  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  great band  This wedding band was identical to one I purchased on Blue Nile, but it was $100 less, even with the Blue Nile ring sizer discount. The band looks good and has a decent quality and craftsmanship.(2yr. update 2/27/09  I still have the ring. Yes, I'm still happily married! I rarely take off the ring, so it is scratched and scuffed a bit.I got my first scratch after a week or so and the original shine dulled after a several months (the ring was originally shiny like the picture and still is shiny when I take the ring off an look at the inside). But understand I wore the ring all the time - in the shower, making dinner, mowing the lawn, doing home remodeling jobs, etc.I still feel this was a great buy and I can get the ring repolished anytime but there no reason to do so.) <end>  Great 6mm Plat Band  We looked all over for a man's wedding band in 14K, 18K and platinum . . .and found this plat one to be the best quality and the cheapest . . .All the local dealers quoted us $1100-1300 for the equivalent platinum band . . so this Amazon band was a no brainer! <end>  Excellent Value  Just got mine. I looked all over the place for platinum bands in a size 8. In my family hometown, we had jewelers tell us that the cost would be $1500. In downtown chicago, the prices got better, where they were quoting $800 for the same band but it was here for $600. I ordered it on Saturday and got it on Tuesday, the shipping was free and fast! It looks amazing and is marked PLAT inside. I could not recommend this ring more. If you're a person who prefers to save money, than pay hundreds of dollars more just to say you got the exact same thing at a certain store, then this deal is for you.Please note that you should refer to other expert amazon.com reviews that mention when choosing comfort fit, you should choose a size 1/4 to 1/2 less than your normal ring size. I'm glad I did and it avoided any issues with the size. <end>  Came just as expected  Got this for my wedding, it came on time, and just as advertised. It's a nice plain band, and the comfort fit feels great! <end>
 B0000AWS27  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  great band  This wedding band was identical to one I purchased on Blue Nile, but it was $100 less, even with the Blue Nile ring sizer discount. The band looks good and has a decent quality and craftsmanship.(2yr. update 2/27/09  I still have the ring. Yes, I'm still happily married! I rarely take off the ring, so it is scratched and scuffed a bit.I got my first scratch after a week or so and the original shine dulled after a several months (the ring was originally shiny like the picture and still is shiny when I take the ring off an look at the inside). But understand I wore the ring all the time - in the shower, making dinner, mowing the lawn, doing home remodeling jobs, etc.I still feel this was a great buy and I can get the ring repolished anytime but there no reason to do so.) <end>  Great 6mm Plat Band  We looked all over for a man's wedding band in 14K, 18K and platinum . . .and found this plat one to be the best quality and the cheapest . . .All the local dealers quoted us $1100-1300 for the equivalent platinum band . . so this Amazon band was a no brainer! <end>  Excellent Value  Just got mine. I looked all over the place for platinum bands in a size 8. In my family hometown, we had jewelers tell us that the cost would be $1500. In downtown chicago, the prices got better, where they were quoting $800 for the same band but it was here for $600. I ordered it on Saturday and got it on Tuesday, the shipping was free and fast! It looks amazing and is marked PLAT inside. I could not recommend this ring more. If you're a person who prefers to save money, than pay hundreds of dollars more just to say you got the exact same thing at a certain store, then this deal is for you.Please note that you should refer to other expert amazon.com reviews that mention when choosing comfort fit, you should choose a size 1/4 to 1/2 less than your normal ring size. I'm glad I did and it avoided any issues with the size. <end>  Came just as expected  Got this for my wedding, it came on time, and just as advertised. It's a nice plain band, and the comfort fit feels great! <end>
 B0000AWS35  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  great band  This wedding band was identical to one I purchased on Blue Nile, but it was $100 less, even with the Blue Nile ring sizer discount. The band looks good and has a decent quality and craftsmanship.(2yr. update 2/27/09  I still have the ring. Yes, I'm still happily married! I rarely take off the ring, so it is scratched and scuffed a bit.I got my first scratch after a week or so and the original shine dulled after a several months (the ring was originally shiny like the picture and still is shiny when I take the ring off an look at the inside). But understand I wore the ring all the time - in the shower, making dinner, mowing the lawn, doing home remodeling jobs, etc.I still feel this was a great buy and I can get the ring repolished anytime but there no reason to do so.) <end>  Great 6mm Plat Band  We looked all over for a man's wedding band in 14K, 18K and platinum . . .and found this plat one to be the best quality and the cheapest . . .All the local dealers quoted us $1100-1300 for the equivalent platinum band . . so this Amazon band was a no brainer! <end>  Excellent Value  Just got mine. I looked all over the place for platinum bands in a size 8. In my family hometown, we had jewelers tell us that the cost would be $1500. In downtown chicago, the prices got better, where they were quoting $800 for the same band but it was here for $600. I ordered it on Saturday and got it on Tuesday, the shipping was free and fast! It looks amazing and is marked PLAT inside. I could not recommend this ring more. If you're a person who prefers to save money, than pay hundreds of dollars more just to say you got the exact same thing at a certain store, then this deal is for you.Please note that you should refer to other expert amazon.com reviews that mention when choosing comfort fit, you should choose a size 1/4 to 1/2 less than your normal ring size. I'm glad I did and it avoided any issues with the size. <end>  Came just as expected  Got this for my wedding, it came on time, and just as advertised. It's a nice plain band, and the comfort fit feels great! <end>
 B0000AWS4D  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Great looking band  Was looking for a simple platinum comfort fit wedding band and didn't care about who the designer was. More importantly, I didn't want to pay a couple hundred bucks more for a designer name when I could not tell the two apart anyway.It's a great looking, comfortable band that arrived in a nice little blue box. <end>  Very nice!  I bought this for my upcoming wedding (2nd  P) in April. This ring is very comfortable and looks terrific, as expected. Be sure to order atleast a half size smaller than usual because of the comfort fit. I had to send a size 10 back for a 9.5. This ring is great! <end>  Great Price And Exactly What I Wanted.  The price on this was much cheaper than I was able to find anywhere else. The size was perfect. I'm very pleased with it. <end>
 B0000AWS5Z  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Great looking band  Was looking for a simple platinum comfort fit wedding band and didn't care about who the designer was. More importantly, I didn't want to pay a couple hundred bucks more for a designer name when I could not tell the two apart anyway.It's a great looking, comfortable band that arrived in a nice little blue box. <end>  Very nice!  I bought this for my upcoming wedding (2nd  P) in April. This ring is very comfortable and looks terrific, as expected. Be sure to order atleast a half size smaller than usual because of the comfort fit. I had to send a size 10 back for a 9.5. This ring is great! <end>  Great Price And Exactly What I Wanted.  The price on this was much cheaper than I was able to find anywhere else. The size was perfect. I'm very pleased with it. <end>
 B0000AWS8U  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Great looking band  Was looking for a simple platinum comfort fit wedding band and didn't care about who the designer was. More importantly, I didn't want to pay a couple hundred bucks more for a designer name when I could not tell the two apart anyway.It's a great looking, comfortable band that arrived in a nice little blue box. <end>  Very nice!  I bought this for my upcoming wedding (2nd  P) in April. This ring is very comfortable and looks terrific, as expected. Be sure to order atleast a half size smaller than usual because of the comfort fit. I had to send a size 10 back for a 9.5. This ring is great! <end>  Great Price And Exactly What I Wanted.  The price on this was much cheaper than I was able to find anywhere else. The size was perfect. I'm very pleased with it. <end>
 B0000AWSA6  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSBX  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSD6  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSEH  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSGL  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSH7  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSHT  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSJL  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  Identical to Tiffany milgrain band  Bought the Tiffancy milgrain band ($1250) and this band. After determing that they were nearly identical (and both are 950 platinum), I decided to return the Tiffany ring and keep the Amazon ring.Since this is comfort fit (the middle of the inside of the band is thicker), if you were sized for a traditional fit ring, order 1/2 size smaller. <end>  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Big Bargain, Outstanding Quality  I purchased this ring as a wedding band. I did a lot of shopping both online and in stores, and found that this series of rings from Amazon.com was the best value. The ring is beautiful! The detail of the milgrain is impeccable, and to get a platinum ring at this price is pretty amazing. <end>
 B0000AWSL4  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  Identical to Tiffany milgrain band  Bought the Tiffancy milgrain band ($1250) and this band. After determing that they were nearly identical (and both are 950 platinum), I decided to return the Tiffany ring and keep the Amazon ring.Since this is comfort fit (the middle of the inside of the band is thicker), if you were sized for a traditional fit ring, order 1/2 size smaller. <end>  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Big Bargain, Outstanding Quality  I purchased this ring as a wedding band. I did a lot of shopping both online and in stores, and found that this series of rings from Amazon.com was the best value. The ring is beautiful! The detail of the milgrain is impeccable, and to get a platinum ring at this price is pretty amazing. <end>
 B0000AWSWQ  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Excellent quality and value  I've had my ring for well over a year now, and it still polishes up just as pretty as the day I got it. My hands are on the small side for a guy, and I don't like klunky jewelry anyway, so the 5mm is perfect. Like a previous reviewer, I had sized as a 9, but that was too loose, so returned for an 8.5. Return process was painless. I really like this ring, enjoy the weight of it, and expect it to last the rest of my life. <end>  Better than Expected  The ring arrived and it was even better than I expected. The price was extremely reasonable (under $700), the milgrain design was elegant and it was a nice, heavy weight. Size was as described. <end>  Ring sizing  I really liked the ring. However, it was a little too big. I was sized at a jewelry store and a 9 fit great. This one slipped off my hand too easily, so I opted for the 8.5. It was still a great bargin though. The jewelry store had a similar milgrain platinum 5mm ring for $1800. I can't say how comparable it was, but the price difference was enough to get me to buy online.Amazon's return policy was great and I was refunded quickly. <end>
 B0000AWT2N  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  This is the genuine item  This item is real, genuine platinum. It is marked Platinum 950, so do not be afraid to purchase this item even though it is much cheaper than at other jewelry stores or websites. A great value, and an even greater keepsake symbol for your wedding. I highly recommend this ring. <end>
 B0000AWT4Q  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  This is the genuine item  This item is real, genuine platinum. It is marked Platinum 950, so do not be afraid to purchase this item even though it is much cheaper than at other jewelry stores or websites. A great value, and an even greater keepsake symbol for your wedding. I highly recommend this ring. <end>
 B0000AWT61  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  You Won't Find A Better Value  This ring is so beautiful. It's very well-crafted and you get an amazing price for such a great piece of jewelry. I shopped around all over, both online and in stores and found that Amazon.com offered the greatest savings on platinum bands.One word of caution... these rings are comfort fit, so you may have to order a half-size smaller than your normal ring size. I had to return the first ring I got and go for the smaller size, and it fit perfectly! The return was very easy and completely painless.It's easy to be afraid of purchasing an item like his via the internet, but trust me, this ring is completely worth the risk. You'll find similar rings for double the price or more elsewhere, and should you order the wrong size, there's no hassle with the return whatsoever. <end>  Style, Comfort and Price  This will be a life long item which I was able to obtain at an extremely reasonable price. This ring is very stylish and of excellent craftsmanship. I highly recommend this item. The only semi-negative is that the platinum material scratches easily. Although, I just think it gives it more character. Great item! <end>  Beautiful Platinum band!  This ring is absolutely beautiful and an exceptionally great price for a 6mm Platinum ring in size 8. I went to all the retail stores and searched the internet for the best price and Amazon was by far the cheapest for a size 8. I did find another website that sold a size 8.5 which was less expensive than Amazon. I originally bought a size 8.5 from the other website, but returned it since it was too big and then decided to buy from Amazon since the size 8 was cheaper than the other website. The only difference between this ring and the ones sold at the retail stores is that the milgrain edge is thinner/smaller, but other than that it is identical to the more expensive rings sold at the retail stores. I highly recommend anyone looking for a platinum milgrain ring to buy from Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWT8A  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  You Won't Find A Better Value  This ring is so beautiful. It's very well-crafted and you get an amazing price for such a great piece of jewelry. I shopped around all over, both online and in stores and found that Amazon.com offered the greatest savings on platinum bands.One word of caution... these rings are comfort fit, so you may have to order a half-size smaller than your normal ring size. I had to return the first ring I got and go for the smaller size, and it fit perfectly! The return was very easy and completely painless.It's easy to be afraid of purchasing an item like his via the internet, but trust me, this ring is completely worth the risk. You'll find similar rings for double the price or more elsewhere, and should you order the wrong size, there's no hassle with the return whatsoever. <end>  Style, Comfort and Price  This will be a life long item which I was able to obtain at an extremely reasonable price. This ring is very stylish and of excellent craftsmanship. I highly recommend this item. The only semi-negative is that the platinum material scratches easily. Although, I just think it gives it more character. Great item! <end>  Beautiful Platinum band!  This ring is absolutely beautiful and an exceptionally great price for a 6mm Platinum ring in size 8. I went to all the retail stores and searched the internet for the best price and Amazon was by far the cheapest for a size 8. I did find another website that sold a size 8.5 which was less expensive than Amazon. I originally bought a size 8.5 from the other website, but returned it since it was too big and then decided to buy from Amazon since the size 8 was cheaper than the other website. The only difference between this ring and the ones sold at the retail stores is that the milgrain edge is thinner/smaller, but other than that it is identical to the more expensive rings sold at the retail stores. I highly recommend anyone looking for a platinum milgrain ring to buy from Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWT8T  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  You Won't Find A Better Value  This ring is so beautiful. It's very well-crafted and you get an amazing price for such a great piece of jewelry. I shopped around all over, both online and in stores and found that Amazon.com offered the greatest savings on platinum bands.One word of caution... these rings are comfort fit, so you may have to order a half-size smaller than your normal ring size. I had to return the first ring I got and go for the smaller size, and it fit perfectly! The return was very easy and completely painless.It's easy to be afraid of purchasing an item like his via the internet, but trust me, this ring is completely worth the risk. You'll find similar rings for double the price or more elsewhere, and should you order the wrong size, there's no hassle with the return whatsoever. <end>  Style, Comfort and Price  This will be a life long item which I was able to obtain at an extremely reasonable price. This ring is very stylish and of excellent craftsmanship. I highly recommend this item. The only semi-negative is that the platinum material scratches easily. Although, I just think it gives it more character. Great item! <end>  Beautiful Platinum band!  This ring is absolutely beautiful and an exceptionally great price for a 6mm Platinum ring in size 8. I went to all the retail stores and searched the internet for the best price and Amazon was by far the cheapest for a size 8. I did find another website that sold a size 8.5 which was less expensive than Amazon. I originally bought a size 8.5 from the other website, but returned it since it was too big and then decided to buy from Amazon since the size 8 was cheaper than the other website. The only difference between this ring and the ones sold at the retail stores is that the milgrain edge is thinner/smaller, but other than that it is identical to the more expensive rings sold at the retail stores. I highly recommend anyone looking for a platinum milgrain ring to buy from Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWTAC  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTBR  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTCM  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTIM  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTJZ  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AWTL1  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AWTN6  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AWTVK  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000AWU6M  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>
 B0000AWU77  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWUC1  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWUCI  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWUCZ  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWUEZ  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Affordable replacement wedding ring.  After losing my wedding ring this past spring I had wondered how to go about replacing it without having to take out a loan.The ring I got from Amazon fit the bill. For considerably less than I had been quoted at a regular store in our nearest city, I have a replacement that I am proud to have on my finger.The ring arrived well packed and on time. Do not hesitate if you need a budget wedding band this will not disappoint. <end>  Just what I was looking for.....  I needed a plain gold band for when I travelled to areas that my wedding set was inappropriate to wear! This band was perfect and exactly up to the standards I would expect from Amazon. <end>  B-E-A-Utifull  I for one, really love this ring. I'm glad it was able to ship way out here over seas in Japan. It's real shiny and sweet, but if you're not real carefull you tend to scratch it up pretty well. But still, it stays in a wonderful state. I just recommend you take it off before you do any kind of serious work or maintanence of course. Because it will get scratched up....but what jewelry doesn't?!?? ^_^I'm telling friends about it and I'm telling you, for the style, money and look of it you won't be dissapointed. <end>  Nice ring.  I gave this ring 5 stars because it is, in fact, a ring. And I'm still married after five years, so, ya know, that's great, too. <end>
 B0000AWUMD  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Affordable replacement wedding ring.  After losing my wedding ring this past spring I had wondered how to go about replacing it without having to take out a loan.The ring I got from Amazon fit the bill. For considerably less than I had been quoted at a regular store in our nearest city, I have a replacement that I am proud to have on my finger.The ring arrived well packed and on time. Do not hesitate if you need a budget wedding band this will not disappoint. <end>  Just what I was looking for.....  I needed a plain gold band for when I travelled to areas that my wedding set was inappropriate to wear! This band was perfect and exactly up to the standards I would expect from Amazon. <end>  B-E-A-Utifull  I for one, really love this ring. I'm glad it was able to ship way out here over seas in Japan. It's real shiny and sweet, but if you're not real carefull you tend to scratch it up pretty well. But still, it stays in a wonderful state. I just recommend you take it off before you do any kind of serious work or maintanence of course. Because it will get scratched up....but what jewelry doesn't?!?? ^_^I'm telling friends about it and I'm telling you, for the style, money and look of it you won't be dissapointed. <end>  Nice ring.  I gave this ring 5 stars because it is, in fact, a ring. And I'm still married after five years, so, ya know, that's great, too. <end>
 B0000AWUQE  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWUUU  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWVCW  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVEA  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVLD  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVLL  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVNM  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVP9  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVRY  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVS9  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVXY  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000AWW28  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW30  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW4S  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW57  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW6H  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWWRM  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWWTS  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWX3I  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWX90  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWXBE  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWXED  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AWXGV  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AWXO9  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>
 B0000AWXQ9  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>
 B0000AWXZ2  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY0W  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY1R  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY2G  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY41  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY8Z  14k White Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Great Value  I received this ring quickly and it was just as I expected. It is a great value and nice looking ring. I shopped around at jewelry stores for similar rings, but this is definitely a better value. 14K gold for the price of a 10K ring in jewelry stores. I ordered a larger size than necessary because of other reviews although I am not sure that was necessary because I am now paying to have it down-sized. <end>  very nice  This is a very beautiful ring, very nice for the price. However, it does run small, so I would recommend buying a size larger than you normally would. <end>  not quite  I received the ring in only 2 short days ... fantastic. However the ring was advertised as 6mm, and falls a full .5mm shy of the 6mm band I'm currently wearing. <end>  Beautiful Wedding Band  It was worth the wait. When I received this package I could not believe how beautiful the wedding band was. It was much better than many of the other bands I've been shopping for in my area. I would recommend purchasing wedding bands from Amazon.Not only that, paying was easy and I give an A++ for shipping. Very fast! <end>  Great ring!  My fiance and I just ordered these rings for our upcoming wedding, and we are so happy with them. The rings are beautiful, exactly what you would find in a jewelry store for a fraction of the price. (Trust me--we have been to the jewelry stores and know that this is a fraction of the price.) After getting both our wedding bands and my engagement ring from Amazon, I am ready to recommend their jewelry to anyone who asks. We were able to get rings that would have been out of our price range had we been forced to shop at jewelry stores.I didn't get out my measuring tape to make sure that they were exactly 6 mm, but the important thing is that the rings match each other. I can understand that that would be a disappointment if one was trying to make it match a ring one already owns. The person who said the ring was a little small is correct--be careful with the sizing, because my engagement ring, when I had it sized, is supposedly a 6.5 and on the first try, the wedding band I got in 6.5 was a little tight and I had to go up to a size 7. Fortunately, with Amazon, returns are easy and you only have to pay shipping, which is much cheaper than paying the $20 I had to pay to have my engagement ring sized down.For those with concerns about buying wedding bands or an engagement ring from Amazon, fear not; no one can tell the difference between these rings and ones from a jewelry store. The people I've let in on my "little secret" are amazed and say they never would have guessed that our rings all came from online.Everyone should start purchasing their rings from Amazon--the quality is great and the price is unbelievable. My fiance and I couldn't be happier. <end>  A little small...  The ring is beautiful, but the size is a little small. I was sized at more than one local jeweller as a 9, but the ring was much too small. <end>  Overall Nice Band  The shipping was very quick. The band was pretty nice for the price, however when I compared this with a 6mm band from a jewelry store it was not quite as thick. But overall it is a nice band. <end>  Other Reviews Correct  I read all the reviews before ordering this ring along with the 14k white gold 4mm size 6. A lot of other reviewers said that this ring ran small. My soon to be husband and I decided to go ahead and order it large and then just have it sized if it didn't fit. Well, it didn't fit. When we took it to a jeweler it was about a 1/4 of a size smaller than listed. But it looks great, and is very shiny. We had it sized and have no other complaints. <end>  Very nice!!!  Just got married and wanted something that was a little on the thick side... I was under the impression that the ring was going to be smaller based on customer reviews but I figure I would go for it and see for my self. The ring is perfect, very simple, looks very nice and it is just what I expected. <end>  wonderful product  lovely item. but i followed the other customer reviews and ordered a half size up because they said it was sized smaller... well, it was too big.so i ended up sending it back to get my normal size.the quality looks wonderful. <end>  Very nice.  My husband loves this ring. He says it's very comfortable. The sizing isn't to accurate though. It was off by I think 1/4 which was just enough for the ring not to fit. We had it sized rather than return it. This was the second time I had to buy the ring. The first time they sent me a size 12! I had to return it & buy another ring & wait for my money to be refunded. VERY frustrating. I didn't want to have to do the return/buy thing again, that why we just went & had it sized. I figured it would be easier that way. Besides, what if they sent the wrong size yet again? BUT, it is an attractive ring. My husband wears it every day & never takes it off, unlike his old ring. The end result was what we wanted despite the initial headaches. If if wasn't for all the sizing issues I would have given it 5 stars. <end>  Looks great and is worth the money  The ring looks good and is definitely worth the money. The ring is not that comfortable but you get used to it. It is slightly thinner than 6mm but hardly noticeable. It looks great though! You wont find anything better for the price. A good buy. <end>  just as advertised  The ring is quite nice. The real thing looks just like the picture. The size was very slightly small, but close enough. <end>
 B0000AWYF9  14k White Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Great Value  I received this ring quickly and it was just as I expected. It is a great value and nice looking ring. I shopped around at jewelry stores for similar rings, but this is definitely a better value. 14K gold for the price of a 10K ring in jewelry stores. I ordered a larger size than necessary because of other reviews although I am not sure that was necessary because I am now paying to have it down-sized. <end>  very nice  This is a very beautiful ring, very nice for the price. However, it does run small, so I would recommend buying a size larger than you normally would. <end>  not quite  I received the ring in only 2 short days ... fantastic. However the ring was advertised as 6mm, and falls a full .5mm shy of the 6mm band I'm currently wearing. <end>  Beautiful Wedding Band  It was worth the wait. When I received this package I could not believe how beautiful the wedding band was. It was much better than many of the other bands I've been shopping for in my area. I would recommend purchasing wedding bands from Amazon.Not only that, paying was easy and I give an A++ for shipping. Very fast! <end>  Great ring!  My fiance and I just ordered these rings for our upcoming wedding, and we are so happy with them. The rings are beautiful, exactly what you would find in a jewelry store for a fraction of the price. (Trust me--we have been to the jewelry stores and know that this is a fraction of the price.) After getting both our wedding bands and my engagement ring from Amazon, I am ready to recommend their jewelry to anyone who asks. We were able to get rings that would have been out of our price range had we been forced to shop at jewelry stores.I didn't get out my measuring tape to make sure that they were exactly 6 mm, but the important thing is that the rings match each other. I can understand that that would be a disappointment if one was trying to make it match a ring one already owns. The person who said the ring was a little small is correct--be careful with the sizing, because my engagement ring, when I had it sized, is supposedly a 6.5 and on the first try, the wedding band I got in 6.5 was a little tight and I had to go up to a size 7. Fortunately, with Amazon, returns are easy and you only have to pay shipping, which is much cheaper than paying the $20 I had to pay to have my engagement ring sized down.For those with concerns about buying wedding bands or an engagement ring from Amazon, fear not; no one can tell the difference between these rings and ones from a jewelry store. The people I've let in on my "little secret" are amazed and say they never would have guessed that our rings all came from online.Everyone should start purchasing their rings from Amazon--the quality is great and the price is unbelievable. My fiance and I couldn't be happier. <end>  A little small...  The ring is beautiful, but the size is a little small. I was sized at more than one local jeweller as a 9, but the ring was much too small. <end>  Overall Nice Band  The shipping was very quick. The band was pretty nice for the price, however when I compared this with a 6mm band from a jewelry store it was not quite as thick. But overall it is a nice band. <end>  Other Reviews Correct  I read all the reviews before ordering this ring along with the 14k white gold 4mm size 6. A lot of other reviewers said that this ring ran small. My soon to be husband and I decided to go ahead and order it large and then just have it sized if it didn't fit. Well, it didn't fit. When we took it to a jeweler it was about a 1/4 of a size smaller than listed. But it looks great, and is very shiny. We had it sized and have no other complaints. <end>  Very nice!!!  Just got married and wanted something that was a little on the thick side... I was under the impression that the ring was going to be smaller based on customer reviews but I figure I would go for it and see for my self. The ring is perfect, very simple, looks very nice and it is just what I expected. <end>  wonderful product  lovely item. but i followed the other customer reviews and ordered a half size up because they said it was sized smaller... well, it was too big.so i ended up sending it back to get my normal size.the quality looks wonderful. <end>  Very nice.  My husband loves this ring. He says it's very comfortable. The sizing isn't to accurate though. It was off by I think 1/4 which was just enough for the ring not to fit. We had it sized rather than return it. This was the second time I had to buy the ring. The first time they sent me a size 12! I had to return it & buy another ring & wait for my money to be refunded. VERY frustrating. I didn't want to have to do the return/buy thing again, that why we just went & had it sized. I figured it would be easier that way. Besides, what if they sent the wrong size yet again? BUT, it is an attractive ring. My husband wears it every day & never takes it off, unlike his old ring. The end result was what we wanted despite the initial headaches. If if wasn't for all the sizing issues I would have given it 5 stars. <end>  Looks great and is worth the money  The ring looks good and is definitely worth the money. The ring is not that comfortable but you get used to it. It is slightly thinner than 6mm but hardly noticeable. It looks great though! You wont find anything better for the price. A good buy. <end>  just as advertised  The ring is quite nice. The real thing looks just like the picture. The size was very slightly small, but close enough. <end>
 B0000AWYFS  14k White Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Great Value  I received this ring quickly and it was just as I expected. It is a great value and nice looking ring. I shopped around at jewelry stores for similar rings, but this is definitely a better value. 14K gold for the price of a 10K ring in jewelry stores. I ordered a larger size than necessary because of other reviews although I am not sure that was necessary because I am now paying to have it down-sized. <end>  very nice  This is a very beautiful ring, very nice for the price. However, it does run small, so I would recommend buying a size larger than you normally would. <end>  not quite  I received the ring in only 2 short days ... fantastic. However the ring was advertised as 6mm, and falls a full .5mm shy of the 6mm band I'm currently wearing. <end>  Beautiful Wedding Band  It was worth the wait. When I received this package I could not believe how beautiful the wedding band was. It was much better than many of the other bands I've been shopping for in my area. I would recommend purchasing wedding bands from Amazon.Not only that, paying was easy and I give an A++ for shipping. Very fast! <end>  Great ring!  My fiance and I just ordered these rings for our upcoming wedding, and we are so happy with them. The rings are beautiful, exactly what you would find in a jewelry store for a fraction of the price. (Trust me--we have been to the jewelry stores and know that this is a fraction of the price.) After getting both our wedding bands and my engagement ring from Amazon, I am ready to recommend their jewelry to anyone who asks. We were able to get rings that would have been out of our price range had we been forced to shop at jewelry stores.I didn't get out my measuring tape to make sure that they were exactly 6 mm, but the important thing is that the rings match each other. I can understand that that would be a disappointment if one was trying to make it match a ring one already owns. The person who said the ring was a little small is correct--be careful with the sizing, because my engagement ring, when I had it sized, is supposedly a 6.5 and on the first try, the wedding band I got in 6.5 was a little tight and I had to go up to a size 7. Fortunately, with Amazon, returns are easy and you only have to pay shipping, which is much cheaper than paying the $20 I had to pay to have my engagement ring sized down.For those with concerns about buying wedding bands or an engagement ring from Amazon, fear not; no one can tell the difference between these rings and ones from a jewelry store. The people I've let in on my "little secret" are amazed and say they never would have guessed that our rings all came from online.Everyone should start purchasing their rings from Amazon--the quality is great and the price is unbelievable. My fiance and I couldn't be happier. <end>  A little small...  The ring is beautiful, but the size is a little small. I was sized at more than one local jeweller as a 9, but the ring was much too small. <end>  Overall Nice Band  The shipping was very quick. The band was pretty nice for the price, however when I compared this with a 6mm band from a jewelry store it was not quite as thick. But overall it is a nice band. <end>  Other Reviews Correct  I read all the reviews before ordering this ring along with the 14k white gold 4mm size 6. A lot of other reviewers said that this ring ran small. My soon to be husband and I decided to go ahead and order it large and then just have it sized if it didn't fit. Well, it didn't fit. When we took it to a jeweler it was about a 1/4 of a size smaller than listed. But it looks great, and is very shiny. We had it sized and have no other complaints. <end>  Very nice!!!  Just got married and wanted something that was a little on the thick side... I was under the impression that the ring was going to be smaller based on customer reviews but I figure I would go for it and see for my self. The ring is perfect, very simple, looks very nice and it is just what I expected. <end>  wonderful product  lovely item. but i followed the other customer reviews and ordered a half size up because they said it was sized smaller... well, it was too big.so i ended up sending it back to get my normal size.the quality looks wonderful. <end>  Very nice.  My husband loves this ring. He says it's very comfortable. The sizing isn't to accurate though. It was off by I think 1/4 which was just enough for the ring not to fit. We had it sized rather than return it. This was the second time I had to buy the ring. The first time they sent me a size 12! I had to return it & buy another ring & wait for my money to be refunded. VERY frustrating. I didn't want to have to do the return/buy thing again, that why we just went & had it sized. I figured it would be easier that way. Besides, what if they sent the wrong size yet again? BUT, it is an attractive ring. My husband wears it every day & never takes it off, unlike his old ring. The end result was what we wanted despite the initial headaches. If if wasn't for all the sizing issues I would have given it 5 stars. <end>  Looks great and is worth the money  The ring looks good and is definitely worth the money. The ring is not that comfortable but you get used to it. It is slightly thinner than 6mm but hardly noticeable. It looks great though! You wont find anything better for the price. A good buy. <end>  just as advertised  The ring is quite nice. The real thing looks just like the picture. The size was very slightly small, but close enough. <end>
 B0000AWYKA  14k White Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Beautiful Wedding Band  It was worth the wait. When I received this package I could not believe how beautiful the wedding band was. It was much better than many of the other bands I've been shopping for in my area. I would recommend purchasing wedding bands from Amazon.Not only that, paying was easy and I give an A++ for shipping. Very fast! <end>  Great ring!  My fiance and I just ordered these rings for our upcoming wedding, and we are so happy with them. The rings are beautiful, exactly what you would find in a jewelry store for a fraction of the price. (Trust me--we have been to the jewelry stores and know that this is a fraction of the price.) After getting both our wedding bands and my engagement ring from Amazon, I am ready to recommend their jewelry to anyone who asks. We were able to get rings that would have been out of our price range had we been forced to shop at jewelry stores.I didn't get out my measuring tape to make sure that they were exactly 6 mm, but the important thing is that the rings match each other. I can understand that that would be a disappointment if one was trying to make it match a ring one already owns. The person who said the ring was a little small is correct--be careful with the sizing, because my engagement ring, when I had it sized, is supposedly a 6.5 and on the first try, the wedding band I got in 6.5 was a little tight and I had to go up to a size 7. Fortunately, with Amazon, returns are easy and you only have to pay shipping, which is much cheaper than paying the $20 I had to pay to have my engagement ring sized down.For those with concerns about buying wedding bands or an engagement ring from Amazon, fear not; no one can tell the difference between these rings and ones from a jewelry store. The people I've let in on my "little secret" are amazed and say they never would have guessed that our rings all came from online.Everyone should start purchasing their rings from Amazon--the quality is great and the price is unbelievable. My fiance and I couldn't be happier. <end>  A little small...  The ring is beautiful, but the size is a little small. I was sized at more than one local jeweller as a 9, but the ring was much too small. <end>  Overall Nice Band  The shipping was very quick. The band was pretty nice for the price, however when I compared this with a 6mm band from a jewelry store it was not quite as thick. But overall it is a nice band. <end>  Other Reviews Correct  I read all the reviews before ordering this ring along with the 14k white gold 4mm size 6. A lot of other reviewers said that this ring ran small. My soon to be husband and I decided to go ahead and order it large and then just have it sized if it didn't fit. Well, it didn't fit. When we took it to a jeweler it was about a 1/4 of a size smaller than listed. But it looks great, and is very shiny. We had it sized and have no other complaints. <end>  Very nice!!!  Just got married and wanted something that was a little on the thick side... I was under the impression that the ring was going to be smaller based on customer reviews but I figure I would go for it and see for my self. The ring is perfect, very simple, looks very nice and it is just what I expected. <end>  wonderful product  lovely item. but i followed the other customer reviews and ordered a half size up because they said it was sized smaller... well, it was too big.so i ended up sending it back to get my normal size.the quality looks wonderful. <end>  Very nice.  My husband loves this ring. He says it's very comfortable. The sizing isn't to accurate though. It was off by I think 1/4 which was just enough for the ring not to fit. We had it sized rather than return it. This was the second time I had to buy the ring. The first time they sent me a size 12! I had to return it & buy another ring & wait for my money to be refunded. VERY frustrating. I didn't want to have to do the return/buy thing again, that why we just went & had it sized. I figured it would be easier that way. Besides, what if they sent the wrong size yet again? BUT, it is an attractive ring. My husband wears it every day & never takes it off, unlike his old ring. The end result was what we wanted despite the initial headaches. If if wasn't for all the sizing issues I would have given it 5 stars. <end>  Looks great and is worth the money  The ring looks good and is definitely worth the money. The ring is not that comfortable but you get used to it. It is slightly thinner than 6mm but hardly noticeable. It looks great though! You wont find anything better for the price. A good buy. <end>  just as advertised  The ring is quite nice. The real thing looks just like the picture. The size was very slightly small, but close enough. <end>  Great Value  I received this ring quickly and it was just as I expected. It is a great value and nice looking ring. I shopped around at jewelry stores for similar rings, but this is definitely a better value. 14K gold for the price of a 10K ring in jewelry stores. I ordered a larger size than necessary because of other reviews although I am not sure that was necessary because I am now paying to have it down-sized. <end>  very nice  This is a very beautiful ring, very nice for the price. However, it does run small, so I would recommend buying a size larger than you normally would. <end>  not quite  I received the ring in only 2 short days ... fantastic. However the ring was advertised as 6mm, and falls a full .5mm shy of the 6mm band I'm currently wearing. <end>
 B0000AWYVU  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ1R  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ2J  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ4D  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ5Z  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ8M  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZAR  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZBB  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZFD  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZHD  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZLT  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZQB  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZRC  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZRO  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZVS  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZWG  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZX2  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AX00E  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX0A9  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX0E5  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AX0FV  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AYMRH  14k Yellow Gold Sweep and Wire Swirl Earrings ||	  Very attractive  I was very pleased with these earrings when I saw them. Very attractive, even better than I expected. Lovely design. Worked well as a gift. <end>  Nice, nice, nice  These earrings made a perfect casual gift for my wife. They were larger than what I expected, but very nice design. <end>
 B0000AYMTF  14k Yellow Gold Triple Circle Mobile Earrings ||	  Great buy!  Beautiful earrings. Not too big, not too small, just right, and at a great value! <end>  Wonderful  These are beautiful, well made earrings. I am very satisfied with this purchase and encourage people to buy these, especially at the sale price! <end>
 B0000AYNSW  14k Yellow Gold Checkerboard Faceted Amethyst (16x12mm) Ring, Size 6 ||	  Gorgeous!!  It is little bit too big of a stone for my long cylinder finger, but I love it. The color is very rich and dark that goes with thick YG. It catches people's eyes. I recommended it is a keeper. PR in Hillsboro, OR. <end>
 B0000AYO0P  14k White Gold Cabachon Blue Chalcedony (10x10mm) Ring, Size 6 ||	  Everything as I expected  Delivered on Time, The product was what I expected, and just how it looks in the Page. <end>
 B0000AYO9B  14k Yellow Gold Blue Chalcedony (12x10mm) Ring, Size 7 ||	  Substantial and beautifully made ring.  I was extremely pleased the moment that I opened the ring box. The gold is thick and perfectly formed, and the stone is gorgeous and clean!What an amazing deal, this is a very high quality ring. <end>  Clean and elegant  This ring lets the stone shine. A beautiful turquoise color - it will go with all your tourquoise pieces. It has a very clean and elegant look. I've ordered all the matching pieces to go with it. <end>
 B0000AZ0YJ  14k Gold 5mm Round-Shaped Gemstone Stud Earrings ||	  where are the stones?  this item looks so much more beautiful in pictures. in reality, the stones are teeny-tiny and in a flimsy looking setting. moreover, the gems are lack-luster even when new, so i would expect the "shine" to be non-existent after only a few wearings. i returned this item as soon as i received it, so disappointed was i...its a pity because its my birthstone, but i guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Beautiful Burst of Color  Beautiful earrings-This is the fifth piece of blue topaz I've ordered from the Amazon.com Collection. Their collection of blue topaz is very, very good quality at a great price. These stones are clean, even under magnification, I sell jewelry, so I checked. The stones are a very bright diamond cut. Quality set, in 14k with a substantial post. It's solid, not reed thin, and flimsy. The butterfly backs fit securely(good friction). The color of the stones are like the Carribean Ocean glinting in sunlight. The size is about equal to a 1/2k diamond in each ear. When wearing, the setting nestles into your ear, so all you see is blue topaz. Even if you don't like mixing metals, you can wear these earrings with a necklace that is set in white or yellow gold, it won't matter, because all you will see is the stone. They are really lovely, very brillant and bright. <end>  Beautiful color, excellent value  I gave these earrings as a birthday gift to a good friend of mine. She was very pleased because the color is beautiful and the setting is 14k. I was very pleased because I stayed within my limited budget! I highly recommend these earrings and would purchase them again. <end>  Beautiful!  Earrings arrived, and I am very happy with them. The color of the stone is brilliant, the size just perfect, the setting nice and solid; they are in short a beautiful pair of earrings! <end>  14k Yellow Gold Four Prong 5mm Round Blue Topaz Stud Earrings  These earrings are of very good quality. The stones are light turquoise and translucent. They are a perfect size -- not too big and not too small. Very pretty. <end>  Small and beautiful  Yes, these are small. They are studs. They are meant to be small. But the stones were very clear and had lots of sparkle. The color was great too. They seemed to almost glow. The gold settings seemed adequate as well. They didn't seem to be flimsy in any way. I gave these as a gift to my sister-in-law and she seemed to really like them. I suppose if she has any problems with them over the next few months I will hear about it and adjust my review accordingly. <end>  Simple and Beautiful  These earrings were a gift for my mother. They arrived in a small ziploc bag, which was placed inside of a velvet bag, which was placed in a small gift box. The studs are small and simple, as expected from the description, but they are bright. Although the posts are 14k gold, my mother had no problem with them being too soft. Great purchase, highly recommended. <end>  Blue Topaz Stud Earrings  Given to a daughter for Christmas. I saw them first. Pretty and small. She said she loved them! Not as bright a color as the picture but nice! <end>  Nice  Great earrings, and they are a great size. Just right. Great color, but have kinda of a pinkish tint in sun light. The tint isn't too bad, but I think it is enough to give it 4 stars instead of five. They look just like the picture though so you can be the judge. <end>  Beautiful  These are beautiful. My fiance loved them, and they match her ring wonderfully. The blue is deep but still flashy, and the gold is a wonderful touch. <end>  Very pretty  I got the ruby earrings as a gift for my mother for her birthday, because that's her birthstone and she can only wear 14k gold or higher. These are perfect! She loved them and they have a very nice color and shine. The stone is pretty wide and light shines through it. Very happy, great value. <end>
 B0000AZ0ZF  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 5mm Square Amethyst Stud Earrings ||	  great purchase  Nothing but the best. These were a gift for several family members who thought the earrings were just beautiful, even better then I expected. I will buy from this seller again. I'm a very satisfied customer. <end>
 B0000AZ0ZR  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Round-Shaped Peridot Stud Earrings ||	  Best for the price!  They sparkle well and look as good as anything else I have seen at the mall stores. I like the non-cup style studs, as I think they allow more light to flow through the stone. Save your cash and get these. She will be very happy and you can spend the extra money on fishing lures or something. ;-)DO NOT go to Jared's jewelers if they are near you...they are evil people. <end>  I loved it so much I decided to upload a customer photo!  I am so happy with the look, feel and size of the peridot. I recommend this to all. Excellent price, excellent quality. Beautiful! <end>  Lovely earrings  These earrings are very pretty; I'm very pleased! Nice faceting and sparkle. The stones are a medium/bright green with a little yellow and brown mixed in, which only seem to make the stones more intriguing and beautiful. The peridot stones in these earrings are the prettiest I've owned so far. Highly recommend. <end>  Very nice for the price  A jeweler in Hawaii went on and on about them. Similar stuff in his display case cost 3 times as much.Although prices for these have been rising, still a very good deal. My lady loved them.Update  Tripled in price since I bought them so I'd now say, be careful. <end>  Great!  These are a beautiful granny smith apple green. Very bright and vivid, almost glow in the dark. Clear with a great sparkle. Great price for 6mm stones in gold! <end>  Peridot Earrings  These are very nice apple green stones with nice sparkle and clarity. They are large enough to be seen too! Good quality for the price. <end>  Very nice for the price  I love peridot and these earrings have nice stones. I wear them all the time. Can't beat the price. <end>  Gold Earings  I am very please with this purchase. The earrings are a very good quality!! <end>  Pretty color  As some of the other reviewers have said, these earrings are a very pretty color and very sparkly. Can be worn with anything-not too dressy, but dressy enough! <end>  Just OK  These earrings are pretty but quite small - appropriate for a young child. I expected more for the price. Packaging for presentation was quite cheap. <end>  GREAT SIZE FOR EVERY DAY USE  I HAVE RECEIVED MANY COMPLIMENTS ON THIS EARING.IT IS SMALL BUT NOTICABLE AND BEAUTIFUL.IT MATCHES MY EYES. I LOVE THEM.HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM. <end>  14k yellow gold peridot studs  I was really disappointed with these earrings. The flat surface on the earrings are different sizes so they don't look right when you wear them. One area is large and the other one is small. The color is nice. I am probably going to return them. <end>  peridot earrings  Very pretty. The shade of green is perfect. I would recommend them to anyone looking for an August birthday gift. I wear them and they are comfy. <end>  disappointed  I wore these earrings for one day and the back was so loose on the earring that it was lost. I would not recommend this product. <end>  Nice earrings for a nice price  These are quite pretty, larger than a pair of citrine studs I bought at a jewelry store for more money. <end>  beautiful  I got these earrings for my cousin and she loved them! They are beautiful and the perfect size. They are not too big and no too small. They were definally worth buying!!! <end>  nice earrings  I gave these as a gift. The color is beautiful and workmanship is excellent. Very good value. I recommend this product. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Round-Shaped Peridot Stud Earrings  Omg, I just love these earrings. It's my birthstone month and they are gorgeous! I love how they sparkle. Shipping was great. I would definitely buy these again! Thanks Amazon! <end>  Very nice  Earrings are very nice for the price. I usually pay around $200 - $300 for high quality, hard to find gemstones directly from the manufacturer, so the price for these peridot is very good. Stones are bright with good color, nicely cut and mountings are solid with good sized, tight fitting backs. I will buy natural gemstone earrings from this supplier again. <end>  earrings were too small and mismatched  The color of these earrings was gorgeous and they were quite sparkly. However, they were NOT 6mm in diameter, and they were different sizes. They were each closer to 5mm, but one was larger than the other. Needless to say, I have sent them back. <end>  My thoughts  I like the earrings themselves - extremely pretty - they are what I expected. The only thing that disappointed me was the size of the backings...really SMALL and which I had to replace. I'm sure I would lose these earrings if I did not replace them -- they should have come with bigger, tighter backings. <end>  Absolutely Perfect  Everything about these earrings is perfect. Nice color....beautiful stone. The size of the stone (6mm) is exactly what I was looking for. I am so satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Sparkling Peridot Earrings  These earrings are beautiful. They are large enough to sparkle and shimmer but are not ostentatious. The color and clarity are superb and considering the amount paid they far surpass the quality of others we have looked at in the same price range. They are a wonderful match to the the peridot pendant we bought from the same vendor. My wife often wears them with her 1 1/4 ct. diamond solitaire earrings and the peridot solitaires provide a wonderful complement to them. We are very happy with our purchase. <end>  My niece loved them  My 18 year old niece loved them. They're her birthstone. They have a nice shine to them and have a nice weight to them. <end>
 B0000AZ10J  14k Yellow Gold Four Prong 7x5mm Oval Aquamarine Stud Earrings ||	  Surprisingly vibrant.  Inexpensive Aquamarine is usually a washed-out blue color. Not these babies! You'll fool your friends into thinking you've spent double! <end>  Not what I thought  The aquamarine earrings do not look at all like aquamarine, which is supposed to be light blue. They had no color, so I ended up returning them. <end>  no color at all  I was disappointed with the color of the stone. There was no color, where I expected a light color as shown on the site. I have no complaints about the quality of the stud, but I was disappointed with the stone color. <end>  beautiful and delicate!  I haven't worn pierced earrings in years;I thought they were sealed. When I discovered that they were indeed open, I sought some simple gold post types to wear. When I saw my March birthstone set in a simple gold setting, I couldn't resist it. The actual earring is so elegant! 'Tis exactly as described, and more! Wearing such graceful simplicity in my beauty-starved lobes makes me feel like royalty! And for such a small price with the security of Amazon!What a joy!Sincerely,Miss Agnes Crosby <end>  Not at all like the picture! WASHED-OUT COLOR!!!  These earrings have no blue in them! The picture is extremely deceiving! <end>  Such a light blue that it's colorless  After reading the reviews on this item which stated that the stone color ranged from a nice blue to colorless. I decided that for the low price tag ($20) it was worth the risk of getting colorless stones. Unfortunately, luck was not on my side and my stones were colorless. The earrings are still nice, but I would have preferred them to be at least somewhat blue. <end>
 B0000AZ10P  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 7x5mm Oval Opal Stud Earrings ||	  disappointed  I was highly disappointed by the lackluster color of these opals. They look more like white moonstones! They are a nice size, but they have very little "sparkle." <end>
 B0000AZ11I  14k White Gold 4x3mm Pear Shape Tanzanite Bracelet w/ Diamond Accents (H-SI2 0.19ctw) ||	  wow  Stunning. It looks just like the picture. If you are a fan of tanzanite, this is an excellent purchase. And a good price too. <end>
 B0000AZ11S  14k White Gold Four Prong 7x5mm Oval Blue Topaz and Diamond (I-I1 0.05ctw) Stud Earrings ||	  Very pretty for the price  These are a nice gift for mothers, aunts, friends. We are giving them to a co-worker who is retiring. The earrings are suitable for every day but don't look cheap. <end>
 B0000AZ16X  14k White Gold Three Stone 7x5mm Oval Sapphire and Diamond (H-SI2 0.20ctw) Ring, Size 5 ||	  okay for the money, but the pictures oversell it  I ordered this ring based on the photos, thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue. When I received it, the stone was very dark, almost black. The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial. The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on. It's a very delicate ring, and not at all what I was expecting. I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago, and was very pleased with the quality, so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me. I sent it back the same day I received it. I can see it being a value for its price, and you probably can't find much better in that range - I think I'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product. <end>
 B0000AZ1A7  14k White Gold 9x7mm Oval Peridot w/ Diamond Accent (I-I1 0.06ctw) Ring, Size 6 ||	  Ring as advertised  The ring was a gift for anniversary and my wife loves it and wears it often, it has held up to frequent use. <end>  Wonderful, Excellent, Great Purchase  This was wonderful, I was skeptical but a great purchase. I will be purchasing jewelry from Amazon again. It was eactly like the picture showed, no flaws!! I'd recommend it to anyone. I have had so many great compliments on it. <end>  Surprising Quality  I was a little more than hesitant buying jewlry online, so needless to say I went with the cheaper gem stones. The ring was delivered within the time line that was promised, and I was surprised to see that the stone had a brilliant green color and there were no visible flaws or inclusions. The 14k white gold was very shiny and the diamond side stones were of good clarity and color. Overall, it was a good buy. <end>
 B0000AZVYW  18k Yellow Gold and Stainless Steel Bracelet, 8.25" ||	  Well worth the price.  I am not much aware of the look and feel of stainless steel. I usually buy gold or silver. But this piece fits in nicely with everything I have. I have gotten many compliments on it. Excellent craftsmanship. It was delivered and packaged in a professional manner and time. I have no minuses of any kind about this piece of jewelry. Its a definite BUY IT! <end>
 B0000AZW5C  14k White Gold Cross w/ .05ctw Diamond Accented Inner Cross on 18" White Gold Chain ||	  Really beautifull cross!  I purchased this item and was very happy when it arrived. I have become an Amazon junkie and found the jewelry they carry to be wonderful. This necklace is very pretty and perfect for everyday wear. I love it! <end>  Expected more  For the price, the cross is very nice but the chain is much too thin. Will need to replace chain because it is too difficult to take on and off. Also, scared that chain will break and I will lose cross. <end>
 B0000AZW86  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000B10D8  Sterling Silver Large Polished-Finish Figaro Link Bracelet, 8.5" ||	  Fantastic Figaro  This Figaro was a gift for my son and he loves it. The bracelet is very large and heavy and looks great on a man's wrist. The packaging was incredible-an outside box, an inside box with lots of padding, plus a jewelry box inside that.The bracelet came inside a velvet pouch in the jewelry box.Amazon.com was very easy to order from and they sent a QUALITY product. <end>  Not bad  For $55.00 this bracelet is pretty nice. It catches the light and has a little sparkle to it. The lobster claw is kind of a pain, it works really smooth, but not one hand friendly. I didn't give it 5 stars because mine has small imperfections, but nice none the less. <end>  Not So Perfect  I was satisfied with the price and size of this bracelet, but when I received it, it was very dirty and needed to be cleaned before being given as a gift. Even after using sterling silver cleaner to remove the tarnish and trying to polish with a clothe there were still some imperfections. Looked like it had already been worn. <end>  beautiful bracelet  Large, clunky, silver bracelet. I bought it for my boyfriend. Really nice. Looks very nice on the wrist. Easy to put on. Gorgeous. <end>
 B0000B10EV  Sterling Silver Twisted Round Hoop Earrings ||	  very light weight  I bought these earrings for myself as a birthday gift and was amazed at how light weight they were. I like the twisted look, gives it a little more stunning look than just plain silver hoops.I wear these earrings a lot with many different colors - black, blue, purple, grey, teal. Very versatile, not big, just enough to see the twist. <end>
 B0000B10FQ  Sterling Silver Round Diamond-Cut Hoop Earrings ||	  Pretty but heavy  I ordered these earrings based on the review I read. They are pretty earrings, and they come beautifully packaged in a tiny drawstring pouch. However, they seem heavy when worn, and the posts seem a little on the large side. This makes them less comfortable than the earrings I'm accustomed to wearing. But, overall, a good deal when considering the price. <end>  Impressive presentation!  I expected a tiny pair of silver earrings in a plastic bag; instead I was surprised to find the earrings arrived in a purple velvet tie closure bag, and the earrings themselves were as impressive as the bag! Beautiful cut that creates a sparkle in the silver. I thought this was going to be a cheap stocking stuffer for my daughter, but she'll think I spent far more than I did!! Very pleased! <end>
 B0000B10GU  Sterling Silver Rolo Bracelet w/3 Open Heart Stations, 7.25" ||	  Gorgeous Bracelet!  I recently got this bracelet as a gift for my (future) mother-in-law. Based on the inexpensive price, I was expecting honestly to get a cheap looking bracelet, but I was pleasantly surprised to find an attractive piece of jewelry. It's high quality and comes in nice packaging.. well worth buying! <end>
 B0000B10IO  Sterling Silver Polished Rolling Ring, Size 8 ||	  Nice unique ring  This is a nice piece of jewelry. I bought it for my fiancee to replace one she lost and she was thrilled. It's easy to put on and take off because it sort of "rolls" but it doesn't ever fall off. It is true to size and very well made. <end>  Very trendy, comfortable ring!  I love this ring. I bought it for my niece's 13th birthday. It'll make a great thumb ring for her. It's well made, comfortable to wear & very trendy. If you have small fingers, use it as a thumb ring! I like it so much I may buy myself one next time they are 30% off!The ring arrives in a nice, blue velvet pouch nestled inside a blue jewelry box. It makes for a beautiful gift. <end>
 B0000B355M  14k Yellow and White Gold Rolo Link Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Todd White - Signal Hill, CA  I was searching for a combination white/yellow gold bracelet in addition to one I currently possess. I was lucky enough to come across this bracelet while surfing the Amazon.com website. The bracelet arrived yesterday and I was, to say the least, very impressed. It is beautifully crafted and looks wonderful on my wrist. I happen to have a small wrist for a man and men's bracelets of this size are not too common.I would definitely recommend this item to anyone looking for a high quality, gorgeous gold combination piece of jewelry. <end>
 B0000B3581  14k Yellow Gold Heart Charm Bracelet, 7" ||	  for those of us who like gold over sterling silver  So many of my friends have this bracelet in sterling silver. I don't wear sterling silver but I love the style of the bracelet. This one will go with all of my other gold jewelry. It is a terrific price too! <end>  Nice Piece  I like the quality of this bracelet. Craftmanship is very good, however, I returned it because I wanted the heavier and thicker kind. But if you're just looking for a simple and light bracelet, this is it! <end>  As good as it gets!  I got this at a Friday Sale and I've gotta say this was a real deal!I have not taken the bracelet off my watch wrist for months, it is an everyday workhorse and pretty to boot. I did however have the heart dangle removed and turned into an earring.Don't hesitate, this is not a flimsy cheapo but a real piece of jewelry to be proud of! <end>  Not too bad  I ordered two of these. I think it is very pretty but I'm afraid it's not very strong. <end>  For the price this bracelet is a winner.  This bracelet is light, yet strong. I wear it every day.The gold is shiny and bright, very pretty.I like mine so much that I came back to get one for my friend too. <end>  SWEET BRACELET FOR A YOUNG GIRL  VERY NICE ITEM FOR A CHILD OR VERY PETITE YOUNG WOMAN.I THINK LOBSTER CLASPS ARE SAFER. FOR A YOUNGER CHILD, IT CAN BE ADJUSTED TO FIT, USING THE LINKS IN THE BRACELET. <end>
 B0000B35CP  14k Yellow Gold Perfect Fit Earrings ||	  Very nice design  The earrings are very elegant and the absence of a visible hinge is wonderful. There are, however, minor discrepancies with them that, though they did not affect me, might be an issue for others.Things to take into account with these earrings before you purchase them The hidden hinge is placed a little low so if you have small lobes or your hole is less than 3-4mm below your the top of your lobe, the top of the earring will come up above it. They fit perfectly for me, but every ear and piercing is different. MOST people will not have a problem with this, though.The post is not the typical rounded post wire. It is a rigid bar with a slightly larger size than post wires. Freshly pierced ears that have not stretched out a little may find this to be a tight fit at first, but it passes.Otherwise they are absolutely beautiful. Wonderful earrings. <end>  Wear them every day  I wear these earrings almost every day. When I received them they were too wide apart at the top, so I bent them a little and they fit much better. Very elegant looking. <end>  better than expected  The earrings arrived in a lovely box and I was very plesed with the quality and fit. I wanted them for an "every day" hoop but they are fine enough to go with many outfits. <end>  Perfect, but not special  It looks OK, but it isn't really something special. I think, that fot a young girl it fits, but for a woman, which wants to look different, it doesn't <end>
 B0000B35D5  Duragold 14k Yellow Gold Reverse Round Hoop Earrings ||	  Go To Earring  I was looking for a gold hoop I could put on and leave on for days--these have been perfect. I have been wearing them for over a month and haven't taken them off since I recived them. They are very well made and durable, small but substantial. I highly recommend them. <end>  These earrings are awesome!  These earrings are exactly what I have been looking for. They are substantial, gorgeous and a great size. The "lock" is tight and secure. I am beyond thrilled! <end>  Great value and style  I love these earrings, and wear them all the time. They're very nice quality. <end>  DiamondGirl  The earrings are really nice. A Little smaller in diameter then expected, but a good width. Wears close to the ear. Have worn them everyday since I got them with no problems. Would try Duragold again. <end>  Calif RN  I rec'd these earrings last week, they are beautiful and I have't taken them off yet! I love them! They are the perfect size and are very comfortable even to sleep in. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I feel that for the amount of money I paid for them and they say they are 14K gold, then I think they should be stamped 14K gold. <end>  great for every day  these earrings are just what i wanted for every day. they are exactly what i was looking for in size and shape. <end>  Perfect!  I love these earrings. They fit perfect and shine like the sun.I am really impressed with the quality. The price was reasonable.I shopped around before I purchased these from Amazon. <end>  best earrings ever  This pair is my second-- lost an earring and had to have another pair-- they are my go-to hoops- comfortable and good looking. <end>  I love these earrings  WHEN I can get them to align properly and get the catch to &#34;catch.&#34; Unfortunately, the hinges aren't good quality, after less than a month they won't click into place without a bunch of effort. Way too much work for a pair of everyday earrings. Would not recommend. <end>  Super  I love these earrings They are SO pretty and yet light and they look fabulous on! Don't pass these up! <end>  Great Earrings Except.....  These were great earrings except that the wire was thinner than expected. However. so far does not seem to be a problem. <end>  Really nice earrings  These are a bit smaller than I anticipated but they look really good. They are useful for understated apparel. I am well pleased with the purchase. <end>  Gorgeous, great quality, glad I bought them.  Gorgeous earrings. Nice, smooth finish, high gloss, wonderful feel, not cheap or flimsy feeling in any way, like some I have purchased. Nice size, too, worth every penny. They are light enough to feel comfortable to wear and solid enough to look and feel costly. I'm very happy with them. A+ <end>
 B0000B35D9  Duragold 14k Gold Hoop Earrings, (1" Diameter) ||	  painful  These earrings sit unworn on my wife's dresser because they're uncomfortable to wear. Apparently the pin that fits through her earlobe is flat, which stretches out the hole. <end>  Great product  I purchased theses based upon the size. The first pair came broken in the box. The relpacement arrived very fast and in perfect condition. They are very good quality for the price. <end>  TOO SMALL FOR MY TASTE!  AMAZON never disappoints when it comes to delivering merchandise, in a timely fashion... Unfortunately, I'm returning these earrings, due to their size, quite small.. And light-weight.. They would be great as a gift for my niece, who's 5-yrs-old... The earrings came in a cute little black-felt pouch (NICE TOUCH), with a tag that reads  Made in Dominican Republic... My 14K Gold Earring search continues!! <end>  beautiful but not what I wanted  I purchased these earrings thinking that they'd be the perfect si. It was nicely delivered professionally placed the works. If it were a gift that alone would have been great. For me though tho diameter is listed, I was expecting a larger item, they were shiny and beautiful, just not my style. Amazon hasn't ever has disappointed me so I can only blame myself for buying something on a pc instead of in person! <end>  Hollow  I bought this for my GF for xmas. They felt cheap to me. Also they are smaller than they appear on the pics. I wouldnt buy them again. <end>  Less than expected for the price !  I order from Amazon all the time. These were not as large as I anticipated. Same size as ones I bought over a year ago for less. <end>  Hoop erarrings  I wish I had looked at the earring specifications. I was really surprised to see how really small these hoops were. <end>  Good and Cheap  Nice earrings for the price. Hard to buy jewelry online when you can't really touch and eyeball <end>  Tiny  These earrings are very very small. They are also difficult to open and close. Not nearly worth the $75 price tag. These are more suitable for a child or young teenager that likes small earrings. <end>  1 Inch Duragold Hoops  Well I receieved the order moderately quick and I'll be frank the earrings are nice they are well made and the hinge and locking mechanism is tight which is very important so as not to loose one and yes you do hear a "click" when closing them. Now here are my thoughts on the price and the actual worthynes? I found that you get what you pay for with these, the size is 2mm and altough like I said these aerrings are nice they are thin and look like what you paid for, I paid $89 dollars and they look like $89 dollar gold earrings so I cannot say I got a bargain or that this was a great deal because I think it's not they are priced on what they really are and I do not see myself paying anymore for these that what I paid for them, if anyhting I think they should cost $75 dollars. Again they are nice, they shut tight and are classy looking polished etc, and a good find since hoops like these do cost more elsewhere but again to me they look exactly what I paid for them they look like $89 dollar earrings so no bargain here adequately priced they are. I do recommend them though anything with more body then I would look to 3mm thickness.I'm a male so I needed an earring one actually that since I have long hair when I tied my hair in a ponytail the earring would not overpower and stick out like a sorethumb, these do look cool enough hair down or tied back in a pony tail, looking back now I would possibly would have liked a 3mm thickness but never the less I' still happy with my purchase. Thank you. <end>  Very Nice  These earrings are really very nice. After shopping and looking around, this was the best price for anything even close. Nice bright finish, decent size hoop. They look much more expensive than they actually are.These earrings make an excellent gift at a reasonable price. ASlso, they come in a very nice gift pouch, good for storing them. <end>  Good Buy  I have been shopping around for 1" 14K white gold hoops for a while. I was trying to keep the price under $100 and looked at many online sources. I bought a pair from Macy's for $89 that were very flimsy, not shiny, and basically junk. I had already bought a pair of Amazon Collection 1/2" 14K white gold hoops and was very happy with them, but the only pair of 1" hoops available at Amazon at that time had weird flat hammered ear posts that the reviews said were too wide for comfort. Then these earrings showed up with normal ear posts and I gave them a try.I am very pleased with these earrings. They are substantial (as substantial as a 2mm wide earring can be), the ear wires click solidly into and out of the clamp so I am not at all afraid of them falling out, and they are very shiny and pretty. They are true to size. Highly recommended for the $99 I paid. <end>  Very Satisfied  Good quality at an affordable price. I bought them as a Christmas gift for my wife and she loves them. <end>  Poor Clasp / Poor quality earrings  Purchased these round hoops. Poor clasp on the earrings. Very light weight and when the earring came unhooked I could not tell it had fallen off. The third time this happended (only the 4th time I wore the earrings)the earring fell off again and I lost it. So now I only have one earring. I would not recommend this set of earrings based on such a poor clasp. Here I set with one earring and I payed nearly $50.00. <end>  Very nice quality  These earrings are exactly as described and are very good quality at a reasonable price. The catch is firm (only had them a week - hope that's still true a year from now!), which is important because I've been known to lose hoops. <end>  Gold Hoops  Gold hoops should be a staple in any jewelry collection, so after shopping around I decided these looked reasonably priced for the quality. These earrings were lighter than I expected but overall I am very satisfied with the quality and look. <end>  unbelieveable  When these earrings came tumbling out of the box, I just couldn't believe how I'd forgotten the feel of real gold. It has such a smoothness that is unlike any kind of cheap earrings from the department store. I've decided that I'm not wasting any more money on inexpensive stuff-I'll just save up until I can afford items of this quality. <end>  Perfect ~ getting another pair  These were a Christmas gift for my sister. I was happy to see that they were exactly as described and she loved them. Unfortunately her wallet was stolen and they were in it at the time. She liked them so much she wants to replace them. Since they are such a good price, I plan on replacing them for her. <end>  Gold hoop earrings  The gold hoop earrings are beautiful. Was not disappointed and they were just as described. If you are thinking of ordering them - don't hesitate - you'll love them. <end>  Nicer than expected  I bought these as everyday earrings for wife. She loves them, and I am impressed with quality. Excellent AMAZON price 50.00 makes this a nice deal. <end>  14-K Hoops of Lovely  I lost my only pair of 14-k hoops traveling, and have been looking to replace them. These hoops were perfect. <end>  Wife Loves Them  These are very nice earrings. My wife loves them! They look very nice on her and she wears them a lot. <end>  RIGHT SIZE HOOPS  Bought these for my wife who loved them - just the right size - and they look great on her <end>  Love the loops  Although the earrings were a little smaller than I thought they'd be, I still love them. I wear them almost every day and they are lightweight but very sturdy. <end>  Great Purchase as usual!  14k Gold Half Round Medium (M) Size Oval Design Hoop Earrings, HypoAllergenicThank you for, again, allowing to find a good product, at a good price, and receive it in reasonable time. I always use amazon.com as a first choice for my purchases, and will continue. Looking forward to my next purchase with you. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!! <end>  Pretty, delicate earrings  As a gift for my grandmother - she loves these earrings. A nice size, not too big, light, delicate hoops. She still brags about them. <end>  medium large hoope earrings - gold  I am pleased with the earrings. I would, however, like to add that post or clasp to hold the earring on to your ear is not the best and until my husband bent it, it kept falling our of my ears. I have lost several earrings because of this and it isn't just this pair, but all brands. <end>  Great service  great service. quick delivery. and i love my earrings, wear them almost everyday. lots of compliments, too! <end>  14K Yellow Gold Hoop Earrings  When I ordered, I thought these earrings were smaller that they are and actually thought about returning them. However, after taking them out of the box, I liked them so well that I decided to keep them. I wear them everyday, they are not only great looking, but very comfortable. Durable product at a very good price. <end>  nice earrings  It's lighter and beautiful.they are still a good deal and have good weight and good clasps. <end>  Gold Hoops for everyday  I purchased these hoops about 6 months ago. I wear them about everyday and they are holding up wonderfully. They also survived a 10 day backpack trip to Europe while stashed in my change purse (traveled very light - little to no luggage).Recommend for anyone who doesn't need to change earrings everyday, but likes the classic hoop on hoop look for those like me who have double and triple holes. <end>  Very nice quality but color closer to white gold than yellow  Just as I said. <end>  Thanks for the DEAL!  Hey, I've been contemplating buying these hoops for a while, but their new price helped me make a decision. I got them in just 2 days and they are very well-made and the closures are solid, feels like you'll never loose them. They are perfect, not too big, not too small and are light-weight. I also like that they are kind of thickiesh, very noticeable ans shiny. A bargain! Thanks AMAZON. <end>  Classy gold hoops  I really liked the 14K Yellow Gold Round Hoop Earrings that I recently ordered from Amazon.com. They were purchased at a fabulous price and were better quality I thought than the gold hoops that I had paid twice the amount for. They were very light weight and the gold was a nice quality. I would purchase these earrings again for myself and for gifts in the future. <end>  The perfect "go to" earring  I've owned these earrings for 3 years now. I wear them often and they look as good as the day they arrived from Amazon. Perfect 14K yellow gold color, not brassy-looking at all like some gold is, they are the perfect size - 1" in diameter. Well made, yet light in gram weight, the post snaps shut with a nice click and doesn't feel like they will easily come unsnapped. The hinge seems to be high-quality and strong too. They are the perfect earring for me. <end>  Beautiful gold earrings  I wanted a 1" gold hoop and found it with these earrings. The gold is shiny and beautiful. The clasp is solid and stays together. It is hard to find this size hoop. These are replacing a very large pair my husband bought me for Christmas. (They were so huge that I looked like DUMBO!)These are perfect to wear for dress-up or casual. I wear lot of turtlenecks so was looking for a pair that would not get caught all the time in them. This is the perfect size.I also have very short hair - so these earrings complement my hair style without overpowering me.They are also very comfortable - so much so that I sometimes forget I have earrings on.Buy with confidence. These earrings will delight anyone looking for a decent quality and reasonably sized gold hoop. <end>  These earrings are great!  I absolutely fell in love with these earrings. They look classy and elegant while at the same time you can wear them with casual clothes. They are about an inch and a half wide and length wise to give you a better idea on size. They are so comfortable that I often fall asleep with them on and don't notice they're still on till morning. I know I'll be wearing these for years to come. <end>  The best present!  I bought this for my wife for Valentines Day and she was elated. I also got the white gold earrings. She said they were the perfect size and weight. When she's happy, I'm happy. <end>  Just what I expected!!  I love these earrings. They are the right size and the right price!!! I had read previous positive reviews on these earrings, so I bought them and I wasn't disappointed. <end>  Stretch out your earlobe  These earrings are weighted in such a way that they pull down on your lobe and make them look stretched out and droopy. It is the only pair of earrings I have ever owned that have done this. They are sitting on my desk after four attempts to wear them. Find a different pair of gold hoops. <end>  Gold loop earrings  I am very pleased with these earrings.They are very simplistic yet elegant.I have gotten compliments====definitly worth the money. <end>  Love these hoops!  Bought these for myself and am pleased with the size. I'm 5'2" and they're perfect for my size. Can easily see them through my long hair too. Hoop has nice thickness and the closure is tight so no chance of loosing them. Paid $40 -- great price for perfect gold hoop earrings. <end>  Of course they're hollow. They're SUPPOSED to be hollow. And they are 1 inch. Look at a ruler before you order.  I've read reviews that criticized these earrings because they are hollow, and because they are "small."If these earrings were solid, they would weigh a WHOLE LOT more, and would be painful on the earlobes. These are thin tubes, and are VERY lightweight. That is a Good Thing. No fine jewelry store would sell solid earrings of this cross-sectional diameter, because no woman would want to wear them (unless they served as gauges).These earrings are 1" (25.4 mm) in diameter. Get a ruler and look at it before you order. Or get a compass (or circle template) and draw a 1" diameter circle. That's the size of these earrings. Please don't complain (and deduct stars) because the earrings are exactly the same size as the description states. You should not criticize the product because you are too stupid to understand the description. There are smaller (approx. 1/2 inch) and larger (approx. 2 inches) products available in this same series from this same manufacturer.The packaging is a bit odd. There is an outer black box (with a folding flap) which holds an inner black hinged box with a blue satin tab to assist in opening. The inner box has a flap with slits to hold the earrings, but both earrings had worked themselves out of the slits during shipping, and it was not clear to me how they should be inserted (and I'm a mechanical engineer). I made something up, and my wife was quite pleased with the result. <end>  Light and pretty  I wanted hoops that were not too small and not too big and as light as possible. These fit the bill perfectly. They are attractive and feel weightless. <end>  I love these earrings!  I just got the earrings. The size is perfect not too large , or small. The clip to attach them is secure, so I know I won't lose them. the price was right! I plan to keep them on all the time. 14 k means My ears will not get sore. <end>  Beautiful earrings!  These earrings are beautiful! Shiny yellow gold,very light weight,easy to put on. I don't even know that I'm wearing earrings,even in bed they are very comfortable. The size is just right,not too big, not too small. I've received many compliments wearing these. I highly recommend these for anyone. <end>  Love them!  Love love love them! Quality is unbelievable. Everything about them is absolutely perfect. I recommend them to anyone looking for a great hoop. <end>  Pretty everyday earrings!  These are truly perfect earrings for me! They are just the right size for everyday wear. Thy shine but are not too heavy or thick. In fact, I cannot feel that I have them on, even when I shake my head. Very well made and a great choice for anyone. <end>  Excellent deal  These are the perfect size, great looking and worth the price. Great starter pair for a teenager. I highly recommend them. <end>  She Wears Them Every Day...  I bought these earrings as a gift for my wife - she loves them & wears them every day! The product description is spot on - what you see is what you get. 5 Stars. <end>  Nice earrings  I really liked these simple hoop earrings, but felt ripped off when Amazon reduced the price on them about a week later. Seemed like nice quality for the price, but now I question it. <end>  Size  You don't specify how large these hoops are, otherwise I would buy them. Are they 1 inch, 2 inch, 1/2 inch? grams do not tell me anything. Thank you. <end>  Earings fit the bill!  The quality of the 14k gold 1" earings is very good. They are comfortable while wearing them and snap securely in place. They require a firm effort to remove and I like that because I know they won't fall off and get lost as others have in the past. <end>  even nicer than expected  Bought these as a Christmas gift when they were offered one day for $39. Wish I had bought a pair for myself. They were beautiful and a perfect size ... not too big, not too small. I intially thought I'd have to buy a very small pair of hoops at an even higher price. So I was a bit worried these might not be that nice. Since they were a gift, I can't attest to how they wear (which is too bad!), but they do look like a much more expensive pair of earrings. <end>  I wasn't wowed  These were typical gold hoops. Small-med and light. One earring was dented. I was not impressed with them. I returned them, but I was really hoping they would be nice so I could keep them. If the dent hadn't been in there, I probably WOULD have kept them as the price wasn't too bad. I will try again. <end>  My Favorite Everyday Earrings!  These are my first choice for earrings, just about every day. They are perfect for just about every situation. They aren't heavy, aren't too big, and aren't too small. They are never get lost under or get tangled in my hair, and my hair is pretty long. What is more classic than a modestly sized pair of hoop earrings? These fit the bill to a tee. I love them. <end>  Great Product  Exactly as described, my GF wanted something simple for everyday wear and she loves it. <end>  Great Christmas Present  I bought these for our daughter's Christmas present and she was very pleased with them...and they came in a great looking box. <end>  Hoop Earrings  Extremely disappointing. Very poor quality and flimsy. Certainly not worth the money.I most always have luck with Amazon, but not with jewelry. <end>  Not outstanding but okay  I got these hoop earrings when they were offered as a gold box deal for 35 dollars. They are smaller than I thought they would be, so the picture is a little bit misleading. (And it is sometimes difficult to picture the dimensions accurately) So, if you are going to get these earrings please make sure that they are the right size for you. The clasps are not great in quality. They seem like they will bend very easily and even break if not handled gently. Overall, I would not buy these earrings for $60. And I think $35 is a fair price for them. <end>  Simple and Beautiful  The earrings are beautiful and have a simple design. I give it 4 stars for its rather simple design which some may prefer and some may not. It has a beautiful shine. I bought it as a valentine's day gift and it worked  -) <end>  Nice for price  Nice earrings for the money. It was a gift for my wife, she likes them. I would buy these again. <end>  Happy with purchase  I purchased these earrings for my teen. They were a perfect size, just what we were looking for. Didn't want to purchase her very large hoops, and didn't want them too small - They are approx. 1 inch in diameter and hang nicely below the lobe. They fasten securely and are lightweight -- won't tear the pierced hole.Comes in a nice gift box. I recommend these earrings. <end>  Size of earrings  The description clearly states that the earrings have an inside diamater of about 25mm. For metric-phobic Americans, that translates to about 1 inch. They're also about 2mm thick, which is about 1/12th of an inch.Just because a prior reviewer couldn't do the conversion is no reason not to buy these earrings! <end>  Beautiful, Light but heavy looking, Gorgeous with anything.  When I opened the box, I was pleasantly surprised at how lovely these earrings were. They are an Inch wide and just simply gorgeous. I have been wearing them ever since, just buy them!!! <end>  Best purchase I've made to date.  I did a lot of comparison shopping online,department stores and jewelry stores. These earrings can't be beat. They are the perfect size I was looking for, they clasp securely and are very well made. They even come with a guarantee. I couldn't find a comparable pair for this price. I love Amazon. <end>  Very Happy with this Purchase  I wanted to treat myself to some nice classic gold hoop earrings but not spend a fortune, well i read the reviews and ordered this set, really beautiful and it comes in a beatiful velvelt dark blue box, i love them and you can tell they are not cheap either, highly recommended, they are about 1 inch in diameter, not heavy at all and not big hoopy looking...thanks Amazon.............Melanie...happy customer. <end>  Perfect basic gold hoop earrings  I have thoroughly enjoyed these earrings. Very nice size and great quality. They are light-weight and have a great hinge. I have a baby who sometimes grabs them, but they have yet to be bent out of shape. I sometimes keep them in for days at a time and my sensitive ears don't ever develope a reaction. <end>  Agree with Momof2  I purchased these for a teenage cousin, and they are lovely. My cousin is not a "girly girl," and doesn't like dainty things; these earrings are big enough to be fashionable, but not too big, and are well constructed. I'm very pleased with my purchase. <end>  Very nice earrings!  These earrings are great! The quality is very nice, especially for the price. What I appreciate most about them is that they stay in my ears -- they don't come undone, as so many other earrings do, so you don't end up losing one or both of them. I have had them for three months now and wear them constantly. Very comfortable and well designed. Highly recommended! <end>  Great Item!  I was a little worried about ordering these earrings without actually seeing them in person. I was pleasantly surprised on the quality of these earrings. I couldn't find earrings with this quality anywhere for this price. They look like they cost over $100 easy. I would recommend these to anyone. <end>  Great earrings!  I've been looking for plain gold earrings for quite awhile. These are the perfect "go to" earrings. They are not too big or too flashy, just right. <end>
 B0000B35E8  14k Yellow Gold Double Tube Love Knot Earrings ||	  Very nice!  Good quality earrings, with a great price. A little heavy right at first, normal for the weight of gold. The backs are snug and only come off with a little force. This is a good quality, as you won't lose them easily. <end>  Good look but normal quality  What do you expect with this price? Good gift to normal friend or teen age girls with cheap price. The back of this stuff is too thin, quality is just so so. <end>
 B0000B35EA  14k Yellow Gold Small Heart Button Earrings ||	  Better than I expected  As of December 13, 2006, this item appears to be unavailable. Within the past month Amazon ran it for $19 plus free shipping. Supposedly it retails for $40. I took a chance on this and was pleasantly surprised. I wasn't sure how the back of the earring was going to look; it is completely flat and smooth, and the post comes out from it. A plus feature is that the backs are good sized, not the smaller ones that are so hard to handle and attach. As a matter of fact, the earrings themselves are a little bigger than what I would call "small" which is okay. The earrings are differently styled for each ear, that is, one could consider there is a "right" and a "left" one. Certainly if this item becomes available again for what I purchased it for, or less, it is worth it. I would also consider these as a gift. <end>
 B0000B35EG  Duragold 14k Gold 4mm Ball Studs ||	  delicate  These are attractive gold studs. I personally would not want any larger size. The posts are very thin and the backs are tiny. I have a little trouble putting them on and worry how durable they will be. I would not wear these overnight for concern about how they would hold up tossing and turning, but for work, they are pretty and did not bother my sensative ears. <end>  Subtle with Elegant Stability  I recently purchased these 14k 4mm gold ball earrings. They are exactly as described. I wanted them for my 2nd pierced ear hole. They are 4mm so they are on the small side which is perfect for the 2nd earring in an adult earlobe and for a child's pierced ear. I leave them in all the time, and have not been disappointed. Note  On my PC screen, the posts look like they have screw-like threads which I had wondered about. In person, the posts are smooth like regular posts so it must just be the resolution of the picture. <end>  Broke after a few Months  I loved these earrings but after wearing them almost every day one of them broke. The ball came loose from the post and is ruined. I would expect a pair of gold earrings to last longer than 10 months. <end>  Perfect!!  I was looking for gold ball earrings for multiple pierced ears, and I found these! They are the perfect shade of gold, slightly on the light side, not that vivid orange-y color that you see on a lot of gold-plated things. They matched my other 14k pieces perfectly. The quality is excellent for the price! A lot of customers have commented about the backs being small or delicate. Yes, they are small, but they fit tightly and are very secure. I have lots of 14k gold studs, and most of them have the same small backs, so these are nothing unusual. Overall, super glad I bought them! Couldn't be happier!! You can't go wrong buying from Amazon. <end>  4mm gold earrings  The size of the gold ball itself was nice, but the post is shorter and the backing is smaller than shown. I was using it with an earring jacket and it was extremely hard putting the short post into the small backing. <end>  Perfect!  Perfect earrings, perfect price! Very shiny and not too big or too small for my ears. <end>  Fell apart with one wearing  I purchased the 14k yellow gold 4mm ball earrings, and one of the balls fell off and was lost within a day. <end>  Defective on arrival  Arrived with two different size posts, one too short. Clasp immediately bent out of shape upon attempt to carefully remove it from package. Will send them back, disappointed since sold directly by Amazon. <end>  Good Value For the Price  I was shopping,with a gift certificate,and had already filled my shopping cart with what I had intended to buy. These earrings appeared on the screen so I decided to use the money left over to buy them and with the free shipping incentive I received a nice gift for myself at a great value. <end>  broken one  I can't wear these earrings as the ball studs are hollowed and one of them is collapsed when i got them.Totally waste of money! <end>  arrived with one of the clasps missing  I looked everywhere, but couldn't find the missing clasp. Other than that, these earrings are great. The posts are short and the clasps are small so you don't have to take them out when you sleep. <end>  The earrings themselves are okay...not outstanding quality.  The earrings themselves are okay...not outstanding in quality. However I felt the way they were &#34;clipped&#34; to the tag was very low in presentation. They should have been put through a card of somesort, not clipped to the string of the tag. <end>  BEAUTY AT A GREAT PRICE  It is hard to believe that these stud earrings are 14k gold, look so good and are so inexpensive. The presentation case is nice and the velvet bag they are in inside the box is excellent. I didn't expect them to be this nice. I was, and still am, carried away by the great price and equally great looks. Also a quick ship. <end>  Duragold 14 Gold 4mm Ball Stud Earrings- Shines  Very happy with my purchase. Looks great and and just right size for mypierced ears. 14K Gold looks great. <end>  smaller than I thought.  Great shine and well made. I can even sleep in them comfortably which is not the case with most other jewelry. <end>  The Post on the back of the earring  I just received these earrings and they looked great. The only problem is that the post are to thin and none of the backings will stay on! Even the ones they came with fell right off. I would love to return them, except I live in Canada and the hassle is not worth it. I am very disappointed I would not recommend. <end>  Exactly as described  These earrings are beautiful - I have three holes in each ear, so these are a nice classy bottom earring that doesn't overwhelm the rest of the ear. Love these! <end>  Place holders but so much more  These small stud gold ear rings are a necessity for me because my pierce seals shut even if left alone for a few days. I'm very particular about what ones I buy and I've owned more pairs than I care to remember. These from Amazon are so perfect; I can sleep on them, they don't irritate my skin. Besides they look elegant even if just to go to the grocery store!! <end>  Was nervous at first...  I had been shopping around for some white gold ball studs for some time when I came across these. I have very sensitive ears (I can't even wear sterling silver) so I was looking for a quality product. I had read all the reviews and was concerned with the complaints of the posts being too short and the product being made cheaply. I have had these in my ears for about a month straight. I have left them in for showers, exercising several days each week, and sleep. They have not fallen out and they still look amazing as they did when they first arrived. I will say that when they arrive, be CAREFUL when removing the tag from the backing of the earring. I tugged a little too hard and bent the backing, but it was easily bent back into place. One could say that this is a defect, but it's gold, it's small, and it's fragile; just be careful! I would suggest cutting the tag off with scissors instead of pulling it off. Overall, I am very satisfied with my purchase and I love these earrings. <end>  great product  As advertised, small delicate gold ball earrings. They are great! I love that they have a small catch on the back so you don't have to worry about them falling off. <end>  Pretty but  The earrings are pretty and what i expected for size(small) but the earnuts are thin and come apart easily. Tried taking the tag off the earnut and the curly q on the back of the nut unraveled. If you purchase you will need another pair of earnuts. <end>  Well crafted earrings  This is a perfect size for little women and the earrings are pretty well crafted. I purchased it as one of my moms Christmas present and she loves it. Just didn't give it a 5 star because i've read from few other feedbacks that theirs didn't last more than couple months. We will see how long ours last lol <end>  Gift Well Received  My wife absolutely loved these earrings, and both of us are very pleased with their high quality and great appearance. <end>  Tiny  These are pretty earrings and seem to be good quality, but the ball is so tiny you can barely see it. Perhaps is they were shown with another object for comparison. <end>  !8 karret gold ball stud earrings  They are very nice, but the post should be longer. I like to use stud earrings to hold dangling earrings. I replace the wire from the dangling earrings with a stud. It does not work well when the post is short. These studs have the shortest post I have encountered. <end>  Nice Earrings for studs  I bought these for the wife for Christmas, She said she wanted some studs. So found these and they look great. Guess We will she if they are a hit in a few days <end>  Perfect  These are the size I was looking for, the metal I wanted them in, and I love the quality of them. <end>  Great  Perfect size for every occasion. Great also for use with second ear piercings, and I love the fact that they can appear to be almost invisible. <end>  Tiny  These are the tiniest earrings I have ever seen. I did not give them as the gift for which I bought them. Best for a baby. I kept them and wear in my second hole. <end>  Almost Perfect  Attractive studs to reopen my wife's piercings with however one caveat; the posts are UBER thin and the backings UBER tiny so somewhat difficult to ensure they were securely attached at the back. They look great, well worth the money spent (how can you resist 60% off on 14K gold earrings)  ) <end>  terrible quality  I had these studs for only 12 hours! The earring backs that came with them were so awful one of my earrings came out and was lost before I even realized it was gone.  ( <end>  Ok - backs are a bit loose  These earrings arrived quickly and are a good size. They are not too big - I am using them for my second hole. The backs on them are a little loose and bend really easily which makes me a bit scared about losing them. I have been wearing them for a few days and they have been ok so far. Overall the earrings are nice but the cheap backs make them only get 4/5 stars from me.UPDATE  I had to change my review from 4 to 2 stars. After less than a month one of the loose backs fell off and was lost and the earring fell off. Very disappointing. <end>  Nice size, color  These are the perfect size for my second and third ear piercings - not too large or bulky. The gold is shiny and not discolored, and I like the smooth texture (some studs are faceted). The only complaint is that the back on one was loose, and when I tried to close it a little with the tweezers, it bent out of shape - the backs are a little wimpy. But I tried again and it's fine now.Also, I am allergic to metals with a lot of nickel alloy, and these don't bother me at all, so I know they're real despite the good price. I got them for a lot less than I saw at the department stores. <end>  Just the Right Size  These 4mm ball stud earrings are very comfortable and easy to wear. They can be used everyday, or for an evening out. I have been wearing mine since I received them and do not even know I am wearing them. The back clasp is a bit small, so some may want to change them for a larger backing clasp. Overall I would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice pair of ball stud earrings. <end>  great gift  This pair of earrings was EXACTLY what the doctor ordered. A gift for a friend in need of a pick-me-up. <end>  small criticism  The (gold) post could have been a bit longer for those who have chubbier lobes; or post earrings could be offered in two sizes  this one and what I mentioned above. The cultured pearl ones I ordered at the same time has a VERY slightly longer post so I know this creation in post earrings is possible. I am very allergic to anything that doesn't have a higher gold content and both the earring sets I ordered must meet this criteria for I had no adverse reaction...except a very slight one from the gold post on this pair being so short  the backing on the back of the earring rubbed and irritated. <end>  14K 4mm gold ball earrings  I have multiple pierces in both ears and bought these initially because they were such a bargain. However, when they arrived, I was very pleased with the quality. I have worn them frequently and they have maintained their shine and good looks. <end>  exactly what I was looking for  What can you say about gold ball earrings? The size is right. They are quality. It is exactly what I was looking for. <end>  tiny weeny ggold earrings  I got this online for my daughter who keeps missing her earings.I could not help noticing how small it was. I really should have used a tape rule to measure it. It was difficult trying to get it in place, my daughter is 11 months and obviously kept turning while i tried desperately to keep it in, the stopper is also so tiny. the hole in it was a bit wide and the earring kept trying to slide through. I had to add pressure to this using my teeth. I must admit it is pretty but use a tape rule and appreciate what 4mm is before buying it.. I wake up everyday to check if it is still on her ear..Suprisingly it is still there..Hmm <end>  Earrings  I got these earrings just like they said and have been very happy with my purchase. They are exacly as they described and I will be back for more at xmas time for gifts. <end>  Not great  They were so tiny and the back on one fell off in the shower the second day. I got these to replace the ones from Claires from my original piercing but in the end I went back and bought a pair of studs from there. I do not recommend buying this. <end>  Seems nice so far  I got these as a gift for my mother. They are extremely pretty and have nice color, and seem pretty stable and solid. If anything happens I suppose I'll adjust my review accordingly. <end>  Nice!  I love them. I don't have to worry when I sleep, when I take a shower, and when I jogging. <end>  Very dainty  I like the size of these but the backings are really flimsy and mine actually bent upon opening the package and removing labels. A small label was attached to one of the backs and caused it to deform. I love the size of these and think they look very delicate and feminine. I'd just like a more substantial back. <end>  Pure Gold  I finally found a solid gold ear ring set that is not hollow or plated. I'm very happy with the the size & as of yet, it has NOT tarnished! <end>  ? Earrings  If they had showed a side view I would not have ordered them. They looked like a earring I was looking for not the ball. T he earings I was looking for were a half ball. <end>  Very pretty, but...  These earrings are very pretty, but I'm having an issue with the back of the earrings not staying on. Rather frustrating too. If I had it to do over, I wouldn't not purchase these earrings. <end>  LOVE LOVE LOVE  This was exactly what I was looking for to use in my second ear hole. Not to small and not to big. just PERFECT!!!! <end>  love these earrings  I really was pleased with these earrings. I put them on as soon as they arrived and have not removed as yet. Comfortable, pretty, and just the right size . <end>  earrings  The earrings are smaller than I imagined. I would have liked them a little bit bigger. It is hard to tell that I have them on. <end>  A perfect gift  My daughter love this and it looks really nice when she wears it. Love this and a great buy from Amazon! <end>  New Favorite Addition  Simple earrings yes - but they are the perfect compliment to work attire each and everyday. I sleep in these earrings and shower - but have had no issues. Great job. <end>  Backs break in just a few days  I wear studs 24 hours a day, every day and usually go 1-2 years before I lose one or a back breaks. I ordered a pair of these and within two weeks one was missing. I chalked it up to bad luck and ordered another pair. This time both backs broke on the same day within 1 week of starting to wear them during normal everyday wear. Low quality product, beware! <end>  Beautiful. Good size.  Wow! What a good price for gold!I thought at this price they would somehow be tiny. Bought for my daughter, my hands are big and I could handle just fine.Good size for an upper ear piercing. Small but doable for a regular ear piercing. Too big for a nose piercing.4 out of 5 stars because packaging almost convinced me that there was only one stud in there...when the other fell out I was very happy.It's gold -- handle these like art...it's will bend if you're not careful!! <end>  GOOD BUY  Good product, stays in ears and keeps its polish. Good item for the price. Would make a wonderful gift for young girl or grown woman or man. Just the right size and made good prodiuct. <end>  Needed these!  Lost one of my favorite earrings and needed a pair to wear most of the time. I have to have Gold, not gold plate and these are perfect. They were the right price and they take provide me something to wear most of the time. <end>  Really Pretty Earrings!  I really liked these gold post earrings. However, I wish they had been packaged better. They came in a tiny bag with a barcode taped to one earring. I couldn't find the other earring. I double & triple checked before calling Amazon. The CS rep said to check along the seam inside the bag. It was there, but geez, couldn't they be put on a card or something?? <end>  One stud not a pair?  The one stud I received is ok, but I thought I was purchasing a pair of earrings so I am disappointed. Since I have one hole in each ear (1) stud doesn't help me. <end>  I hate these earings!!  I am editing my review.. The post is too short and the backs are garbage a waste of $30!!!!!! Love Amazon but am very disappointed <end>  Not that great  One of the earring backs came with a sticky label on it and it was so hard to get off that it bent the back out of shape. I put on the earrings and not 5 minutes later the back was gone. The backs are so small and fragile that they are not adequate to keep the earrings on. I found another back from a different pair of earrings so I could wear them both but I dont trust them to stay on. I have bought a lot of items from amazon in the past and have been very happy with everything else but would stay away from the jewelry from now on. <end>  No worth  I bouyght it ,n they look like old pieace n it is not at all in gold color.i hate it n 25$ waste <end>
 B0000B35FR  14k Yellow and White Gold Wrapped Snake Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  quality piece  I initially purchased the 16 inch length of this necklace to wear with a white gold & yellow gold diamond pendant. I looked everywhere for a STURDY two tone chain with no luck. All I found was tinsel strength wisps of gold chains which I did not want. As the gram weight in this piece was perfect as a substantial chain for my pendant, I took a chance and it did not disappoint me. I loved it so much, I bought the 18 inch necklace and matching bracelet as well. I have received many compliments because of it being so different and unique. <end>  Superior pendant chain  I have been hunting all over for a distinctive two tone (yellow & white)chain for a two tone diamond pendant. I do not like flimsy chains and wanted a substantial chain that would be secure for my diamond pendant. I preferred a gram weight of a least 8 grams. This chain came in at 9.1 grams. It has three chains (2 WG snake and 1 YG bead) wrapped around each other. You can see the individual gold colors on each chain. However, the online description lacked this specific information. The chain is the best I have found. It would be great as a necklace all by itself without a pendant. Delivery was outstanding. Nice jewelry pouch, too. <end>
 B0000B35G1  14k Yellow and White Gold Marquise Tube Earrings ||	  Phenomenal earrings with class and versatility!  These wonderful earrings were a huge surprise. They look incredibly substantial... no one would ever guess that you bought them for such a low price! They're very professional looking, but versatile enough to wear with a t-shirt. They are an instant accessory staple! <end>
 B0000B35G6  Duragold 14k White Gold Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings...  I love these earrings. They are really beautiful and so shiny that even with my long hair they're noticable.If you're interested in the size of the earrings, I would say that they're about the size of a quarter. Someone mentioned thick posts. The posts are the thickest I have seen but I like them. Every other pair of earrings I own have bent posts because I forget to remove them before going to sleep. Not these.The price is fantastic and they come in a nice box. Perfect affordable gift! <end>  It's a decent buy  I was hoping that they were a little larger in size and not as thick. However, I think it's a decent buy for only $30.00 I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my girlfriend. It comes packaged in a beautiful velvet blue box thats almost big enough to fit a watch. Very clean presentation when you open it up. The white gold really shines. The free shipping was FAST...and I do mean quick. I ordered this late at night and it arived the very next day. I've never had a quicker shipment for free before. If your looking for a great deal on white gold earings, I think you've found it. <end>  Quality for a Great Price!!!  I wear plain gold hoop earrings almost everyday and over the years I have lost many earrings. After another recent loss, I purchased both the white and yellow 14K gold hoop earrings. I have paid far more than the $29 price for 10K hoops of far inferior quality. Because they were so inexpensive, I did wonder if I'd want to return them once they arrived. I was very pleasantly surprised. Unlike most, these are heavy, don't appear to be "hollow" and the clasp snaps in well so I don't worry about losing one. I love both pairs. I highly recommend them and would purchase them again without hesitation. <end>  THICK posts  The earrings are nice & a great value at $30. However, the posts are too thick for my liking and make my ears sore. The posts are not the typical size one might find in US stores. The posts are more typical of earrings that I have purchased in Central & Southern America; in fact, this is where the earrings were made. I returned them. <end>  Thick Posts Caveat!  Unless your piercings are stretched from wearing heavy earrings, you may find these wide, flat posts too thick to pass through your ear lobes! One of my lobes had a pierced hole too small, although I have no problem wearing other earrings and studs. With my other ear, the earring post went through with no problem, however, it was heavy enough to give the hole a slit look. The earrings were well made, felt solid, not hollow and the price was good, but, they were not designed for me and were returned. <end>  These are okay if...  ...if you have large pierced ear holes. For some inexplicable reason, the manufacturers of these lovely earrings decided to use flattened (or hammered) ear wires, unlike their 14K yellow gold counterparts.The ear wires will uncomfortably stretch your earlobes if they are newly piereced or if you've managed to maintain unstretched holes over the years.They look good once they're on, but the discomfort makes the truism that "sometimes you have to pay a price to look good" a reality. Caveat emptor! <end>  EVERYDAY EARRINGS  These earring are perfect! The hoops are the perfect size; big enough to be seen, but not TOO big. They are great to wear with a pair of jeans or a business suit. I wear them every single day! <end>  Hoopla  This is a great pair of earrings. They are both lightweight and the perfect size.Yaya <end>  Perfect!  These earrings are perfect! Perfect in size, color and weight. They're not much bigger then a quater and very light, in a beautiful white gold shine. Yes the post are thicker then most, but after a few days you get use to them. I had a pair like these that were given to me as a gift and I lost one. When I found these on Amazon I wasn't sure how much they would be like my other. They are a perfect match and my old pair was at least 7-8 years old. If you want a perfect hoop that is good for day or night these are the ones. <end>  Earrings  I wanted a classic white gold hoop earring not too big for my face and perfect for everyday wear or even dressier occasions. These serve the purpose perfectly because they are classic. <end>  Item is okay  I received the earrings rather quickly, however they were definitely smaller than I had thought. I like them, however the product description said they were 1 inch in diameter, I'm not so sure, they look much smaller. Anyway I wear them, so it wasn't a complete waste. <end>  Very nice earrings though the price used to be $35  I bought these earrings maybe 4 years ago and I only paid $35.00. I gave these earrings to my mom so I wanted to them again for myself but after seeing how much they cost, I have changed my mind because I know they shouldn't cost this much even if they're on sale. I know the price of gold right now is high but I just can't force myself to pay this much after knowing that before they only cost $35.00...These earrings are beautiful though. So shiny and perfect size for me...I would definitely recommened it... <end>  Ehh  Disappointed in the size and thickness of the earrings though its probably my fault since the description is accurate. I was hoping they'd be bigger <end>  aaveryda  Post is slightly larger than normal size. If you have smaller earring holes,may cause you some problems. I love the earrings, am determined to work through it. <end>  Perfect earrings, top quality and a great price!  I was a little hesitant to order earrings over via web as I wasn't able to judge them on the quality, however, after spending a small fortune on earrings over the years only to have them dented and bent in a month or two, I figured I would give them a go - they were actually CHEAPER than the other crap I have brought and thrown away over the years due to breakage or denting.First off, compared to the earrings found in Australia, these are INCREDIBLE! They are sooooo much more solid than any of the hollow crap that I have purchased in Australia over the years. They are light but at the same time feel quite solid, not flimsy at all, and the catch is very strong.I have read a lot of reviews about the posts being too thick, I'm not sure what the posts are normally like in the US, however, the posts that come on these earrings are exactly the types of posts that are on ALL earrings here in Australia, so I can't really comment on them being too thick as that is what I am used to.I'm so impressed I am saving up IMMEDIATELY for the smaller pair. Perfect earrings, top quality and a great price! <end>  Beautiful & Comfortable  Perfect; just the earrings I was seeking - worth every penny. Beautiful white gold, the diameter of a US quarter. High quality packaging make these suitable for a gift. I have no trouble whatsoever with putting them into my small piercings. Very, very smart looking, suitable for work and play. <end>  Nice earrings, nothing too fancy  I bought these earrings as a present for my wife after she lost a similar pair. They were nicely packaged and made a good looking gift. They're about the size of a quarter and as you would expect have a nice shine and color to them. My wife loves them and wears them as her everyday earrings and sleeps in them with no problem. They seem to fit securely without falling out which used to happen with her old pair sometimes.She hasn't had any issues with the larger posts that I've seen mentioned in other reviews.Overall, a very good purchase. <end>  Quality Earrings  These white gold earrings are great! They are well made and not flimsy at all. They are also not heavy, which is important to me because big earlobes run in my family and I don't want to stretch mine out. Anyway, these have kept their shine even though I wear them almost daily and even sleep in them.I didn't have a problem with the posts being too thick, but I did notice the fit was a bit snug and took some getting used to. Also, due to the shortness of the post, if I don't take care to make sure my earlobe is out of the way when fastening, it is possible to pinch my earlobe. Ouch. This is definitely something to consider if you have very small ear holes or thick ear lobes. On the bright side, the clasp fastens securely and I don't think these would fall out and get lost as so many earrings do.I have very sensitive ears. I cannot wear stainless steel, surgical steel, or silver earrings without my skin either turning red from irritation, or in the case of silver, red from irritation and black from discoloration. I have no problems with these earrings (as you'd expect, I suppose).I like the look of these. They are big enough to be noticed, but not so big that they are too trendy our loud. Someone mentioned they are the size of a quarter, and that is spot-on. I bought them for myself, but they would make a nice gift because they are simple yet elegant. The price seems to fluctuate. I paid $40 and felt that was a good deal to pay for jewelry that should last for many years. <end>  Wonderful Earrings  These are gorgeous in person. Very easy to insert and they stay in. I can wear them with just about anything- they're the perfect size without being obtrusive. <end>  beautiful  I just find the posts to be thicker than I would like for my small earlobes and holes. Otherwise, they are of wonderful quality and arrived exactly as promised. <end>  Could not wear them  These earrings are lovely, obviously good quality, but they have an odd design on the post that made them painful to wear for me. The post widens near the hinge, so it stretches the ear hole. I had to return them. With a different post, I would recommend them. As they are, I would not them at all. <end>  Nce earrings  Not too big and not too small. Good quality only problem is the packaging they come in is cheap it's not a jewelry box it a cardboard box so gift giving is awkward. <end>  14kt white gold hoop earrings  worth the money,was a christmas gift for my daughtersmaller than i thoughtlook good on my daughter and will buy again,i have nothing but a positive attitude about themthanks amazon <end>  Very Nice  This a a great pair of earrings. Perfect for every day wear. Perfect weight-not hollow feeling. The posts are sturdy, but not a problem- easy to insert and not too weighty. <end>  Nice earrings, good value  I purchased the 14k white gold hoop earrings as a gift for my mother. They are attractive, high quality, attractively packaged, and an excellent value for the price paid. <end>  Just right  These earrings are the perfect size for work or play. I really like them! They came packaged in a nice blue velvet gift box. <end>  Great quality  I got these as a gift for myself, great quality, sturdy, comfortable to wear, I don't even feel they're there! They're a bit bigger than I expected, maybe next time I'll go for the smaller thicker ones on offer here at Amazon (if they go on sale! hint hint!) Even with my long curly hair they show. I'm very satisfied.Update  More than a year later and these earrings are perfect, I even sleep with them. They get mega abuse and they're still going strong. <end>  Great Hoops!  These hoops are perfect for any occasion! I am currently enduring chemotherapy and have lost all of my hair. These hoops are the perfect accessory with my bandana-doo! <end>  A great present!  I bought this for my wife for Valentines Day and she was elated. She said they were the perfect size and weight. When she's happy, I'm happy. <end>  Nice Earrings, but tight  Nice earrings for the price but they hurt my lobes because the latch was too short and so they were too tight. <end>  Beware  I ordered these hoop earrings for a christmas present. The post opening is extremely narrow and one would have to have very skinny ear lobes to feel comfortable. This opening of the earring should be listed in the description. I wouldn't have purchased these and wouldn't be out my return shipping. There is no room for a proper reason for return of the item and it's grouped into not wanting the item. <end>
 B0000B35GL  Duragold 14k Yellow Gold or White Gold or Two-Tone Satin and Polished Crossover Hoop Earrings ||	  Classy, Versatile & Professional  These have become my go-to earrings. They're versatile, beautiful and comfortable -- all characteristics I expect from quality 14 kt gold jewelry. As others have noted, the size is appropriate for both day and evening. The style works equally well at work and for a fun night out.The design of joined twin gold hoops, one white and one yellow, means that you can mix and match your watch band and bracelets and still look put-together. They're a natural choice to accompany any two-tone jewelry you may have. You also can play around with having the white gold closest to your face or the yellow gold closest, which can be useful if you are trying to coordinate with a necklace.I like the security and ease of a snap closure; there's no worry about a backing going missing and having to find a replacement. In fact, for earrings above a certain value, having a snap closure is almost a "must" for me.These are comfortable to wear, and I've received compliments on them. The only drawback is remembering to be careful about the amount of pressure you use in snapping the earrings closed; I do wish that the vertical receptacle were a bit thicker, and for that reason, I'm subtracting a star (wish we could rate in half-star increments). <end>  Versatile earrings, nice feel and quality  I bought these earrings as a lightning deal special last November. I've been very satisfied with them. Size-wise, the external diameter of the earring is pretty much identical to that of a US nickel ($.05) coin. I laid one of the earrings on top of a nickel coin, and when I lined up the bottom of the earring with the edge of the coin, the fastener wire at the top extended just a bit beyond the edge of the coin - at the open end, not the hinge end.I like the feel of these earrings; they aren't too heavy to be comfortable to wear, but they are substantial. They present a nice profile from the front.I've worn them a few times a week for three or four months now, with no problems at all. The fasteners seem to be a little hard to snap shut, but I like that because it means they are not likely to come unfastened accidentally. And they haven't come undone by accident, unlike other hoops with similar closures, which have sometimes been slipped open by contact with a scarf or coat collar.UPDATED on June 30, 2012  These earrings are still one of my go-to wardrobe mainstays. I wear them at least three days a week, and they are usually the only earrings I take when traveling. I have no idea if the quality of the earrings being sold now, is different from this pair that I bought two and a half years ago. However, my earrings (the 14k yellow and white gold version) are still going strong. The wire fasteners are still working well and the finish is clear and bright. I haven't abused these earrings but I haven't babied them, either. The price of precious metals has gone up since late 2009 when I bought these, and my budget's rather tight right now. If not for those two facts I'd be buying the all-yellow-gold version of these earrings in a heartbeat. For now, they are on my wish list. <end>  Don't hesitate!  I had these on my wish list and decided to order them for myself after Christmas, after looking in stores and not finding anything that looked quite the same! They just arrived and all I can say is WOW! Nice look, substantial size and plenty of "statement". Picture does not do them justice. All I can say is don't hesitate, you will be dissappointed if they sell out. <end>  A twist on a classic  How can you go wrong with these two-tone hoops? They are stylish and substantial, and perfect for both white and yellow gold lovers. Highly recommended, for yourself or as a gift! <end>  Nice looking but don't hold up  I bought these for my wife for Christmas 2005. By August 2006 one of them fell apart. The gold loop is attached to the white gold loop by a very tiny and fragile weld, which broke. It was not due to any abnormally rough handling. It would have cost $50.00 to have repaired. Now they're throw-aways. <end>  Glad I bought them.  The two-toned crossover design of these hoops adds more interest and pizzazz to the standard hoop. The size is just right for me  big enough to show off the twist in the design but not so big that it is overwhelming. I also like the weight  lighter than they appear so that I don't feel like I am carrying a load on my ears. I also happen to like the hinge and snap type closure. Good looking gift box, even if it's just a gift to myself. Why not five stars? - Wish that everything that I want costs at least 10% less! <end>  A great investment!  I ordered these Nov 2004 when gold was a bit less expensive. In fact, I paid less than half of what they're charging now. With the price of gold ever rising, this is still a great deal! I LOVE THEM. They have been a staple item in my wardrobe since the day I got them. I'm partial to white gold, but this blend is beautiful!They're not too big; you can gauge the size in the photo by the ear clasp--most earrings have the same size ear clasp. (1" tall x 3/4" wide x 1/2" thick) I think they're absolutely perfect for the office and carry over very well for a special night out. I've had them polished a few times, but that's because I wear them all the time! The best thing is that they're not heavy at all. They're hollow, but they're substantial.I read a comment from one reviewer stating that his wife's earrings broke apart. Honestly, they're welded in three places; I don't see it happening without some manhandling. I'm looking at mine now, and while they're dinged up a bit, I don't mind at all. They've been worn a lot during the past 5 years...even in Africa, Yemen, and the Middle East where I served as a Marine! (Yes, we do get to wear civilian attire occasionally depending on our duties.) Again, I love them and so will you! <end>  Great earrings  I'm very pleased with these earrings. They are a good weight...they aren't so heavy that they drag at the ear, but they are substantial and a perfect size. I'd recommend these to earring lovers. <end>  Stunning Value  These earrings are beautifully made, look great when put on, and come at a great price. All these ingredients make a stunning value. I am a very pleased customer. <end>  disappointed  these looked great online and when I received them, but the wires are too short if your lobes are thick. They piinch when closing them. <end>  Just perfect!  My gf loves them and it looks great on her, hopefully the binding wont break like some other reviewer comments, worth the money! <end>  very happy  My wife is very happy with them. She got them for the hoildays and loves them. The quality is very good <end>  Rating of earrings  My wife really liked the earringts. They are well made and very elegant. These can be considered a &#34;dressy&#34; type of jewelry. <end>  Gold crossover hoop earrings  Very fast delivery and very satisfied with the merchandise I am very pleased with the earrings could have been a little bigger gold crossover hoop earrings. <end>  She Loved Them  I was scarred to death, spending money on jewelry I had only seen a picture of was risky.But, she loved the gold and silver look and how light they were.She has not taken them off since.Couldn't be happier. <end>  Very, very nice. My wife loved them.  Very shiny and just the right size. My wife had been looking for two toned hoops such as these and was unable to locate. These turned out to be a perfect Christmas gift. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful!  These are fantastic! Very pretty and lightweight. I also own the yellow gold pair of Duragold hoops that are about half the size of these and have been very happy with them. Have worn them 24 hours a day for about a year and they still look as beautiful as the day I got them. I am confident this pair will be just as durable. <end>  Nice but a little dated  These are nice for the mature lady. They are broad and I think would look better if you have longer hair. <end>  Exactly what was shown  They were exactly as shown. Packaged and shipped to me perfectly. Big hit with the wife not heavy at all! <end>  Love these gold earrings!  I was looking for earrings in two tone gold that were a bit more substantial. These were a perfect choice - large enough to be noticed, but not heavy and pretty enough to wear every day. You'll not be disappointed with this purchase! <end>  Absolutely beautiful  These earrings are just beautiful! I bought these for myself and was pleasantly surprised on the quality of these earrings. Very delicate looking but sturdier than I originally thought. I like classic pieces and this out matched my expectation. They match everything and can be worn to about any event from day to evening. I love my new earrings! <end>  Very nice  I bought these as a gift for my wife and she loves them. They are good quality and very substantial. Since they're two-tone, they go with anything. She doesn't wear them everyday, but they've held up well. <end>  Love them!  My Husband bought these earrings for our Anniversary. They are perfect! I had been looking for a pair with both yellow and white gold for some time. They are not too small and not too big and very shiny. I would have like to have seen a measurement of the circumference in the ad. They did turn out to be the right size for me. <end>  These are not real 14k  I bought these earrings because I get allergic with all kind of materials, but 14k gold. I just can use 14k gold or more, and when I was wearing these earrings my ears started to itch. So definitely they are not genuine, and I agree with the before comments. They dont worth it , they are not genuine. They are beautiful, but not genuine. <end>  Excellent service and good value for money.  These earrings are very nice and suitable for many different occasions and to wear with different outfits. However, what was most impressive was that they were exactly as advertised and the service from Amazon was first rate. They are good value for money. <end>  lovely  very nice quality. these were sturdier and heavier than I'd anticipated, an excellent surprise. I'd recommend them highly. Great value <end>  Nicer than I expected!  Beautiful earrings. Nice weight, polished beautifully, and very rich looking. I like the size, the circles being slightly larger than a penny. These are my new favorites. You can change the look a little, too, depending on whether you wear the polished ring next to your skin or the satin finished side. <end>  Love these earrings!  I had these on my WishList for since summer...waiting for the price to come down but then after the holidays I just had to have them! I am NOT disappointed. These are classy, perfect for work or casual. Good clasp too I don't worry about them falling off. <end>  satisfied  These are nice substantial looking ear rings. They are not too heavy to wear daily. They are classic and modern at the same time. I have not taken them off since I got them. Just right for a professional look at work. <end>  Make earring post smaller  My wife loves the earrings but the earring post's course irritation and discomfort when she wears them. Is it possible to get the earrings with a thinner ear <end>  a great buy.  these earrings are gorgeous. i purchased them as birthday gift for someone. I highly recommend them. <end>  Very Heavy!!  I purchased these earrings and was pleased with how they looked but I can't wear them they are so heavy. They really hurt my ears, really a waste of money, I have other hoop earrings and have never had this problem before. <end>  Made the wife VERY happy!!  Excellent jewelry, showy, very well made and the price was great. Shipped faster than quote, arrived for Xmas. <end>  Excellent  I'm very happy with this purchase, my wife loved it and the service (delivery time) was exellent <end>  Are these really worth the price?  ** Before I even start of, I want to say that I did not buy these earrings and I am not reviewing how the product looks & feels.. **I never understand how gold is priced here in US.. Back in India we always pay for gold based on the actual weight of gold in the jewelery. I always find gold jewelery overpriced here..Take the example of these earrings. They weigh 4 grams and it is 14k gold.So the actual weight of gold is 4* (14/24) ~ 2.334 gm . The remaining 1.666 gms is usually made of metals like copper which are practically worthless.Price of gold today ~ 37$So, the price of gold in these earrings ~ 86.4$Taking into consideration the design and charges for making the earrings let us add another 50$. If it is a huge necklace with intricate designs may be cost of making will be high, but these are simple earrings. Still the total is under 150$. So, what I wanted to say is I think these are totally overpriced. I don't even understand how the actual price is shown as 808.00$ and after 558$ discount we still have to pay 250$.All in all, I liked the design of these earrings but I will not pay 250$ for them. But thats just me!!! <end>  Hurt My Ears  I couldn't lock the clasp by myself and once locked they hurt my ears. I couldn't keep them on for 5 minutes. Not suited for my ears. I've not had this problem with other ear rings. <end>  scratched up  14k Yellow and White Gold Crossover Hoop Earringsverry nice looking scratch marks on one earring will not buy no more jewery on line.will be trashed <end>  great buy!  The earrings were larger and more substantial than I'd envisioned. Really nice, really a good value. <end>  very lite!!  The earrings looks better in pictures. When you hold it, they feel very light and cheap, like accessories. One earring keeps falling from my wife's ear. The lock mechanism keeps on unlocking. <end>  what cheap pieces of crap...like costume jewelry...haha...MSRP 600...not a chance  these are cheap, costume jewelry type of earings. They have a made in Dominian republic tag on them. Box opened and immediately sent back for refund. Not a chance these are $600 ear rings. <end>  Do not buy these earrings,,,  These earrings feel like plastic,,there is no 14k stamp anywhere. I really feel like I have been ripped off, for the first time on Amazon and I have been a customer for many years..I will be returning these earrings, do not buy them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 <end>  Beautiful!  I got these earrings as a birthday gift from my husband and they are beautiful! They are so perfect and shiney that they almost look too good to be real! The only downside for me is that they are a tad large for my taste. I usually go for small, dainty, huggy type earrings. They look pretty solid and substantial but are actually quite light and comfortable to wear. <end>  Look Excellent  My girlfriend was very pleased with these Earrings, they look great and they look as good in person as they do in the picture, look even better on. I don't think she has taken them off since she got them, they are versatile with the white and yellow gold, they go with anything good staple piece of jewelry. <end>  Complete Sham!  Don't be fooled by the ridiculous description of Duragold. These earrings are made of a rare substance commonly referred to as plastic. I am reminded of an old Bob Newhart routine where he referred to "Diamacron", the lustrous stones nearly as rare as glass. I bought these earrings for my wife for Christmas but there was no way I would give them to her. They are cheap in appearance and the lack of weight is a dead giveaway that there is no precious metal anywhere in these things. In any event, I can't comment on what the other reviewers are saying but I wouldn't give $1 (literally) for these, let alone $199. Caveat emptor. <end>  Nice earrings ... appallingly over-priced  These are very nice, substantial, yet light-weight earrings. It's great "notice me" size, but not over-done. I wear them frequently.However, the current price is appalling. I purchased them in 2007 for under 50 clams! Insanely low-priced then, but insanely high-priced now. No way would I pay the asking price for these, much less the list. URGH! These earring previously listed for just over one hundred, and I got them on a one day deal for just over 40.These are nice earrings, but don't over-pay for these! They should be going in the 100-150 range. Wait for a deal when there is additional money off. Increased gold prices or not. These are not worth 250. Trust me. <end>  Duragold 14k yello and white crossover hoop earrings  Good quality, as they have sturdy clasps and the gold is treated not to bend easily. I would suggest these earrings because they are plain enough to wear daily and go with both gold and silver. I would put them in and leave them, but they are too bulky to sleep in so I have to take them out at night. <end>  ignore the other reviews  Got the earrings last week and promptly returned them. Weight is very light contrary to what the other reviewers said and it looks and feels like it is worth $50, not $600 or even $199. <end>  Simply Stunning!  These earrings were my anniversary gift and I love them! the polished circle, together with the shiny circle is such a unique touch. I find I plan my daily outfits around the ability to wear these earrings as often as possible. They are soooooo comfortable that I forget that I'm wearing any earrings. I'm very, very pleased!!!!! I'm seriously thinking of purchasing the two-tone gold pair, as well. They are that pretty. <end>  She Loves Them!!!!  I purchased these for my wife as a birthday present. Its been three days and I think she still has them on. What more do I need to say... <end>  Nice and strong  Nice earrings just some of the brushed polish was not uniform so for someone who is maticulous of jewelry it may be an issue, otherwise I feel was an honest price at the sale price. If I paid full price would have returned them <end>  Very nice earrings  I always worry that what is shown in a picture doesn't truly represent the item. This is especially true of jewelry, since pictures make things look so much bigger. Several times I've purchased jewelry based on a picture, only to receive a tiny piece that nearly requires a microscope to see. I'm happy to say that these earrings are exactly as pictured. The gold is thick and the crossover style is truly elegant. The earrings are lovely and they will make a very nice gift. <end>  Decorated your ears!  4 stars only because one earring is difficult to open and close. Lightweight, balanced, and quite elegant in style. Good value and a good gift to give yourself! <end>  Fashionable  These earrings look really good and with the mixture of white and yellow gold can be worn with many accessories. <end>  Earring Purchase  I don't love earrings period!! But my Wife sure does. She says they are beautiful!!!The Lone Haranguer AndHis Faithful Canine Companion,Curly, The Silver Bullet <end>  My wife really liked them!!!  My wife likes them very much and has been wearing them quite a lot lately.I have to say that they look very good on her.Shipping was slower than promised (only a couple of days) so I missed my wife's Birthday (my fault for ordering late). <end>  Stunning  I bought these for my Mom for her birthday. I purchased the white gold & yellow gold so that she could blend her yellow gold rings with the white gold. She has silver hair, and the white gold is very pretty on her. I was stunned by the beauty of these earrings. They are small enough to look elegant, but are by no means bashfull. The quality is obvious. The impact is gorgeous. Mom went completely bananas. Thank you for the simply perfect gift for my Mom. <end>  First time buying jewellry online  I bought these earrings for my wife as a birthday present. It's a good quality but feels very lightweight for its look, almost like its hollow. Didnt feel like I got my money's worth on them. <end>  14k Yellow and White Gold Crossover Hoop Earrings  An excellent piece of jewelry which is commented on by every woman who notices it. Well produced and not heavy at all. <end>  very nice  I ordered these hoping the product would match the picture ... AND IT DID. Very shiny, lustrous, seems well-made. They look very nice, I was completely satisfied. Not too ridiculous of a mark-up, either, given today's price of gold. <end>  Love Them!!!  I have always been partial to gold and silver two tone earrings. I had been looking for a while but haven't been able to find any that are affordable and in a style I like. I saw these and bought them as a birthday gift to myself. They are expensive but worth the price. They look fabulous, even better than pictured. The size is perfect, not too big, not too small. They feel substantial and this classic style will never look dated. The snap clasp is nice and tight but not difficult to close. One drawback, the posts are not round. They are flattened out horizontally, making them too thick vertically. This makes them a bit uncomfortable to wear. I am hoping to get used to that but otherwise perfect! <end>  Absolutely Gorgeous  I bought them for my wife and they are so gorgeous. She loves them a lot, and always has them on. Based on the other reviewers I expected their size to be small, but they came out perfect for everyday use or casual occasions.All my wife's friends liked them and want a pair.Go for them. <end>  two tone earrings  I bought these earrings as a gift for my wife. She loves them. They are substantial in size but not too heavy. Very nice design. I would recommend them. <end>  Pretty, Substantial & Versatile  I bought these for my wife for Valentine's Day and she loves them. As many have said, they're a perfect size for either casual or formal wear. They go well with anything and everything. We both recommend these hoops with enthusiasm. <end>  Excellent buy!  These will be terrific everyday earrings. They are quite substantial i.e. are not super small, sit well on the ear, and can be seen easily as crossover earrings through long hair. They look at least as good as the picture. I have seen a lot of hoop-type earrings at major stores, and must say that the fastening post here is better than most and quite sturdy. Shipping was fast, presentation excellent. I am very pleased! <end>  So NICE  My mother loved this and was a great birthday gift. These look even better in person and go great with anything. <end>  Exactly, what I ordered!  These earrings are a nice weight and have a great click-top clasp. Very happy with the price and value. <end>  Perfect size and great looking  I love these earrings! I tend to wear the same yellow gold hoops day in and day out. I decided I needed a change and ordered these for myself. I am so delighted! The price is good and the quality is excellent - they feel secure and go well with professional wardrobe or classic casual. <end>  online shopper  I love this earing. I wear it almost everyday. You can wear it to work or just casual. Very and easy to the ears. <end>  Great product, and Fast Shipping  I ordered for my wife, and she loves it. I got lot's of hugs and kisses. Great company very fast shipping, and very professional. <end>  Comfortable to wear  This item was much bigger than the picture, so always check the dimensions before buying. I was surprised by the beauty of the earrings, they are classy and although they can be worn everyday they are quite dressy. Great buy!!! <end>  Birthday Gift Success!!  Friend loves them! Says they are not as heavy as she thought when she opened the gift. For someone used to wearing Tiffany, she really loves this pair of earrings. Very solid latching, the piece that goes through the earlobe is slightly curved for a very nice feel to the earrings when worn. These were a winner in the annual birthday search! <end>  VERY Pleased  I bought these for my wife and it's the first time I bought jewelry over the Internet. I took a chance because I trust Amazon. I was extremely pleased with what I got and, more importantly, my wife loved them and hardly ever takes them off. <end>  A great updated classic  I bought these for myself when on special. I like the depth and detail of the crossing hoops.They are of good quality, shine, and construction. I have a bit of difficulty getting them on as there is a tilt upward curve to the post at the end, but that is not enough to keep me from wearing them. The posts snap into a catch, so they are secure and I do not worry about losing one, as has happened with other earrings. Once on, they are comfortable to wear, and not too heavy in spite of their substantial visual weight. The earrings add a bit of sparkle and contrast against my dark hair, and balance well with my height. But they are not so big that they would look too heavy on someone shorter. I think they are perfectly sized.They go well with gold and silver jewelry individually, and mixing both, as is done currently in fashion.I would recommend them to anyone looking for versatile jewelry, and good quality at an affordable price. <end>  Gold crossover hoop earrings  These earrings are very nice quality and even the box was superior in appearance. <end>  A LOVELY SET OF EARRINGS  Here is a great gift idea and a great value as well. For the price of just under $200, these are 14k yellow and white gold pieces that are stunning in style with a mirror-like finish that is a real eye-catcher. They are of a fair size and look heavier than they are. They are well made and nicely presented in a gift box and a velvet pouch. They are stylish enough to be featured in a 5th Avenue window where they would probably sell for 2 - 3 times the price of admission here. Running out of time for your sweethearts holiday gift? Just pay a few more bucks for next day delivery and you are all set! I just don't see how you can go wrong with this fine set of earrings. <end>  Smart Purchase  The earrings were exactly what I had wanted both in size and the way the gold and white gold compliment each other. Good quality and price. <end>  Awsome  I bought these as a gift for a relative and she absolutley loves them. Shipping was quick and painless. Thank you for a wonderful transaction! <end>
 B0000BUWG0  14k Yellow Gold Glitter Solid Rope 20" ||	  14K Yellow Gold Glitter Solid Rope  this 14k gold rope glitters like its name says. It catches light from all directions and reflects off "millions" of sparkles. <end>
 B0000BUWGH  14k Yellow Gold Rope Chain Bracelet, 8" ||	  Great Quality  This braclet is a great quality piece of jewelry. <end>
 B0000BUWMR  14k Yellow Gold Open Center Drop Earrings ||	  pretty choice  These earrings are very attractive. They sparkle! Also they go with both gold and silver jewelry as both colors are in the earrings. <end>
 B0000BUWNG  14k Yellow Gold Stick Tube Drop Earrings ||	  Sleek and stylish for a great price!  These earrings are a fantastic addition to my little collection. I love how they dangle, but not in a flashy or obtrusive way. They look great with casual and professional attire. A must have! <end>
 B0000BUWNY  14k Yellow Gold Cross Lever back Earrings ||	  very pretty  These earrings are somewhat delicate but well worth the price in my opinion. They look good and dangle nicely. <end>  Sparkling surprise! Are you sure .....  Are you sure these aren't diamonds? Come on, you can tell me. All I can say is WOW!!! These earrings are simply gorgeous. They're dainty enough for me, but showy enough for anyone who wants them to be seen. For they will be seen. The light reflects off them, as beautifully as any diamond I've ever seen. The rhodium accents really do look and shine like real diamonds.I honestly didn't expect to receive this level of quality, for the price I paid for them. Thank you Amazon.com!Jan ( Mississippi Gulf Coast ) <end>  Jesus is the way  Even though these are Lever backs I have lost one every now and again which makes me very sad. However, Jesus seems to make sure you eventually find the lost soul. I get tons of compliments when I wear these ear rings. Please get more in stock. I want another pair. <end>
 B0000BUWPV  14k Yellow and Rose Gold Diamond-cut "#1 Aunt" Charm ||	  great  It came when it was supose to and looks great!! <end>
 B0000BUWTU  14k Yellow Gold Filigree Butterfly Charm ||	  Love this!  A very cute pendant! I bought one for myself, it gets lots of comments. <end>
 B0000BUWVY  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Holy Bible Charm ||	  Beautiful  You can not see from the picture here, how nice this is. My son gave it to me for my birthday. I get many compliments on it. <end>
 B0000BUWXS  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Bell w/ Swirl Charm ||	  it really jingles!  This bell is so cute, it really rings! I love it! <end>
 B0000BUWZ8  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Heart Charm ||	  Very pretty  I ordered this for a Christmas present (2006). The pendant is shiny and lovely. The receipeint of this gift recieves compliments all the time. <end>  Tiny, read but classic  Read the dimensions carefully. Its tiny but can be won as a pendant. The color is lighter than I had hoped for but it looks classic. <end>
 B0000BUX3N  14k Yellow Gold Filigree Angel Charm ||	  It's Beautiful, It's true!  Yes, it is very beautiful. A gift for my sister. She loves it. <end>
 B0000BUX3R  14k Yellow and Rose Gold Diamond-Cut Triple Heart Charm ||	  Great item  This is a great item and has awesome quality. Very pretty and sparkly. The person I gave it to loved it and wears it almost every day! <end>  Not as expected  This is very small & more the size of a charm than a pendant. Not what I was looking for.... I sent it back. <end>
 B0000BUX5T  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Peace Sign Charm ||	  Pretty but small  Well done in design this pendant is approximately the size of a penny in diameter. Although small the diamond cut pattern is very nicely done. I would think this pendant more of the size for a charm bracelet rather than for a pendant on a chain.Of the two peace pendants the other offer is more impressive due to its size and it isn't flat but convex in design which lends more visual interest. <end>  Simple Symbol  I get many compliments on this charm. I wear it regularly on a chain as a pendant. I find it simple and understated. It is 9/16 inches in diameter and its diamond cut catches the light in such a lovely way.Even if you prefer a simpler design, this is a good choice because it reverses to a plain pattern with a line dividing each arm of the design. When I received it, I was pleasantly surprised. <end>
 B0000BUX6H  14k White Gold Artisan Lace Charm ||	  Artisan Lace Charm  I got this for my daughter for a Christmas gift. It is beautiful and the picture does not do it justice. <end>  too long  i ordered this item, hoping to get it soon, it has been over two weeks and its still not shipped. usually most items take a week at most. i mean who wants to buy something and not have it delivered until three weeks later. <end>
 B0000BUX6S  14k Yellow Gold Frog Charm ||	  Adorable  This guy is really adorable. I'm wearing him today on a gold snake chain. He's so cute, and his smile is very charming. Definitely worth the price. <end>  14k frog charm  it is a beutiful piece. i love frogs <end>
 B0000BUX7N  14k Yellow Gold Polished Girl's Head Charm ||	  Very Tiny - Cannot engrave  This is a cute charm, and a good deal at $15, but be aware that it is about the size of the tip of your pinky finger - 1/2 in by 1/2 in. I was planning to put my child's name and birth date as a gift for grandma - so I had to buy a much more expensive charm at a jewelry store to get the item I needed. I got this one engraved with initials for me and it is too thin for typical machine engraving - the engraving put a big dimple in the pendant. <end>
 B0000BUX9W  14k Yellow Gold Puffed Heart Charm ||	  Perfect for my purpose  It was a little hard to tell fronm the phot, but this is the very item I envisioned and wanted. Couldn't be happoer <end>
 B0000BUX9Z  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Star Charm ||	  Posted description is hardly a description at all  I have given this charm a rating of 3 stars for two reasons 1. The photo of the charm gives the buyer the impression that the charm is flat. The charm is in no way flat. It's more like a two/three-dimensional charm.2. The loop to place the charm on a necklace looks like it was sodered at a crooked angle. Also, the sodering spot has a gap in it that causes the loop not to be in a uniformed shape.In addition, the description doesn't mention the size of the charm. The size of the charm is as follows Front, middle left point to middle right point  13mm wideFront, top point to bottom angle  11mm longFront, top point to bottom left point  13mm longFront, top point to bottom right point  13mm longFront, bottom left point to bottom right point  8mm wideSide  2mm wideLoop  roughly 6mm long and 4mm wideI'd like to also mention that the side of the charm (2mm wide) has a filigree-type design in it. The overall size reminds me of a round Advil tablet. <end>  I give it a gold star  I was suprised by how much better this looked in person than on the screen. So cute. The cuts on the front make it stand out. great purchase! <end>
 B0000BUXB2  14k Yellow Gold Rolling Ring, Size 7 ||	  Need better description and more sizes  This ring is attractive and feels good on the hand, but I have two problems with it. First, the description should state that the bands are hollow, not solid, 14k gold. Second, I would like for it to be available in half as well as whole sizes--I wear a 5.5 and ordered a 6, but it was too big, and a 5 is too small. <end>  Great Buy  I found my size 7 in this ring and I think it's a great buy. It's 14K people. The thing is though the offer I received was not in my size so when I found the right size I couldn't take advantage of my Gold box deal. That was the only disappointment. Whenever Amazon offers jewelry at a discount they should NOT limit it to just one size. <end>  Great ring for the money!  The ring is great for the price. Granted the rings are hollow, but then again they are 14k gold. Nonetheless, its impossible to find this style ring for this low a price. Hence it is quite the deal! <end>  Why can't you find this in WHITE gold????  I HAVE this in yellow gold. I HAVE it in silver and it is forever tarnishing on me. ugh. WHY can't you find it in WHITE gold?????????????Try doing a search for a rolling ring. Computers don't understand &quot;rolling.&quot; <end>
 B0000BUXB5  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Heart Toe Ring ||	  Toe Candy for the Eye  I was very pleased with both the case in which this item was delivered and how it looked on my wife's toe. The band is approximately 3/16" wide, so it does not overpower the toe on which it is worn. The heart design is impressed into the gold of the band, deep enough to be visible, but not so deep as to collect dirt. My wife has very slender toes and had to squeeze the ring all the way closed, but it fits very nicely and she has worn it since she received it this summer. The ring has worn well and has caused no discomfort to the toe on which it is worn or the toes next to it. <end>  Cute, Yet Comfortable  This is an easy toe ring to wear. It's very comfortable and even if I forget to take it off, it doesn't bother me when I have on pumps or tennis shoes. It's also really cute. The hearts can actually be seen on it, when someone looks down to my feet. <end>
 B0000BVET9  14k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Earrings (1ctw, I-J, I1) ||	  Wonderful  My new diamond ear rings exceeded my expectations. I use them frequently and get a lot of compliments. <end>
 B0000BVEY3  18k White Gold Princess Cut Diamond Stud Earrings (1/4ctw, H-I, SI2) ||	  Beautiful earrings  I have been so happy with the jewelry pieces I have gotten from the Amazon.com Collection and these earrings are no exception. The stones are clean, clear and brilliant in shine. I also really like that they put screw backs on these earrings so they would be more secure. To anyone looking for a beautiful pair of stud earrings, you can't go wrong with these. <end>
 B0000BVEYD  18k White Gold Princess Cut Diamond Stud Earrings (1ctw, H-I, SI2) ||	  Amazing Quality, Super Good Price  I purchased very similar diamond earrings for $800 more than the price on Amazon.com. Amazing value and I will certainly be using Amazon for my future jewelry needs. <end>
 B0000BVF0H  18k Yellow Gold Princess Cut Diamond Stud Earrings (3/4ctw, G-H, VS2) ||	  She loves them!  Bought these for my wife for Mother's Day and she absolutely loves them. Cut, color, clarity and quality exceeded my expectations. I shopped the jewelry stores and these were a much better value than anything I could find. I was a bit concerned buying diamonds without seeing them beforehand, but Amazon really came through on these. Simply stunning! <end>  She loves them!  Bought these for my wife for Mother's Day and she absolutely loves them. Cut, clarity and quality exceeded my expectations. I shopped the jewelry stores and these were a much better value than anything I could find there. <end>
 B0000BVF2U  14k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (1ct , I-J, I1) ||	  Good Quality  Very good quality, well pleased. I cannot say that for the chain. Had to buy a better quality chain, after recieving the pendant. <end>
 B0000BVF63  Platinum Princess Cut Diamond Solitaire Pendant (1/4ct , G-H, VS2) ||	  Tathagata  I received the product and it looks good. But the chain is very thin.The most disappointing thing is that I did not recieve the IGI certificate mentioned in the Product Specification for this item.My decision to buy this was mainly due to the IGI certifate.Moreover I could not find any customer service contact information in the entire Amazon site to inform them about it. <end>
 B0000BVGMA  14k White Gold Round Brilliant 4-Prong Diamond Bracelet (2ctw, I, I1) ||	  Absolutely Great  Beautiful bracelet at a great price. Second purchase from amazon.com jewelry. Will never buy at a jewelry store again! <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  I bought this bracelet for my wife and it is beautiful. On top of the certification, I personally verified the authenticity of each diamond. You can't beat the price for this quality of a bracelet. <end>
 B0000BXEEC  14k White Gold Three-Stone Round Emerald w/ Diamond (H-SI2 0.04ctw) Ring, Size 6 ||	  Not what was promised (the stars are for the ring I got)  This ring was ordered for me as a gift. When I got it I discovered that the ring I got was NOT the ring advertised. The setting while still 3 round emeralds is completely different. While I like the setting it is not an appropriate policy to advertise one thing and deliver another. Also, the description for this ring is completely wrong. It mentions oval stones and these are round. Someone should really check this site for accuracy. I like the setting I got so I rated that but as far as delivering what is advertised - I'd have to give you zero stars. <end>  Setting is Different, But Better  The setting is different than pictured, but it's far more beautiful. It has diamonds in the gallery and the emeralds are at a high profile.The emeralds were also a good deal better quality than those pictured. They are a stunning kelly green, not the milky hue as pictured. As far as I can tell, I got a much better ring than anticipated and I am extremely pleased with my purchase. <end>  Ring was a wonderful gift  This ring was purchased for my daughter. I found the ring to be of better construction than viewed. The mounting is much more secure than pictured; less likely for the emeralds to come loose. The clarity of the emeralds are wonderful for the price given. The white gold has a brilliant polished finish. You can also see the intricacy in the designs along the front/back/sides. It was also a true fit per the sizing offered. My daughter loved the ring. I would recommend this as a purchase for anyone looking for a resonably priced emerald w/diamond accents. Amazon.com offers excellent quality that you would definitely have to shop around in brick and mortar establishments to find the same type of price and quality. <end>
 B0000BXFLE  Sterling Silver, Faceted Black Crystal 1-Strand Bead Earrings ||	  cute, but....  These earrings look cute....lever backs are a big plus. But, they are pretty heavy. I cannot wear them. <end>
 B0000BXG1N  Sterling Silver Heart Charm Bracelet w/ Diamond Accent, 7" ||	  Lovely and Heavy ~ Very Rich  This bracelet has some weight to it... it's larger than i expected at such a price... it is the perfect size. links are secure, latch is secure, diamond is secure... i love it! the diamond isn't very clear... actually, it's pretty dull... but it still adds a delicate accent to this shiny bracelet, allowing a very feminine look - even with jeans and a sweatshirt! <end>
 B0000BXG3C  Sterling Silver 14k Yellow Gold Heart/Star/Flower Station Necklace, 20" ||	  Looked better in the pitcure  I received the item faster than I thought I would, and was excited about getting it, but was disappointed when I opened it because it looked better in the pitcure. I intend on returing it. Darn. <end>  Sterling Necklace  I was very happy with this purchase. Some items don't seem like what you see on the internet postings. This item was large and heavy for sterling and 14 kt gold. It was just so much nicer than I had expected. Since I buy sterling silver jewelry alot I know what a special purchase this was.I am extremely happy with it. <end>
 B0000BY87Z  18k Yellow Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/3ctw, H-I, SI2) ||	  Excellent value  I found these earrings on amazon by accident one day, clicking the wrong link. I must say that it was perfect timing, however, as I had been looking at similar earrings for my wife for valentine's day at a few different local shops. These earrings are such an excellent value, considering the fact that they are certified. You will have a really hard time finding quality like this, at a price anywhere close when shopping in 'brick and mortar' retail shops. The pair I received are appraised on the certification for $660.If you're seriously considering these, I'd really suggest you head to your local jewelry store and check out a similar pair. You might find that they are smaller than the picture would have you believe... but they are so bright that they are very noticable when worn. They are definitely big enough that you can see the quality of the diamonds.When looking at your local store, make sure you find a pair that same roughly the same size, and are certified to have at least the same color and clarity. If you compare earrings with the same rating in the store against cheaper, non-certified diamonds, you'll instantly notice the difference. The higher clarity/color rated diamonds really do sparkle a lot more. Then, check the price on the retail earrings, and you'll see what a great deal this is. The earrings I was looking at in my local store had the same ratings as this pair - and were $550 on a 'store wide clearance sale.' Remember that jewelry is marked up, on average, 300% above cost. That's how Amazon can offer such an amazing deal. <end>  Beautiful!  These earrings are just beautiful. Very white, clean looking and sparkly. The IGI certificate that came with mine lists the clarity as SI1/SI2,and the color is F/G, which is great. The polish and symmetry are listed as "good." I think that all around, these are very nice quality especially for the price, and I am very happy with them. <end>  Beauty and Brilliance  After days of indept research on diamonds I went to a nationally chained jewelry store and paid $260.00 for a pair of diamond studs that were rated  color H-I and clarity SI-1/2. These earrings were not certified and were on sale at the price I paid. While searching Amazon.com for computer items, I stumbled upon their jewelry store and found these earings. I noticed that these studs are certified, have a higher clarity and color rating and are 1/3 carat as oppose to my 1/4. With some skepticism I ordered a pair. Three days later they arrived. I was amazed at the beauty and brilliance of the stones compared to the set I purchased from the jewelers for 25 more dollars.The rating on the diamonds I recieved for Amazon is  clarity VS(2)-SI(1) and color F-G. The new studs are a little larger and have a more brilliant return of light than the locally purchased studs and have a replacement value of $745.00.If you are looking to purchase diamond jewelry, you will not find diamonds that are equally rated at a better cost. Go to IGIworld.com and read on how diamonds are graded and how to evaluate the quality of diamonds, then shop around at several jewelers. I went to 7 differnet stores before I purchased the first pair that I will be returning soon. Make sure that you are comparing oranges with oranges. Compare diamonds that are of the same carat, cut, clarity, and color. You will find that for non-certified or appraised diamonds the sales person will not always be able to assure you what the actual color or clarity is. Ask to see the diamond under their microscope or loupe at 10X magnification -- You'll be amazed at what you can see.After doing all of this, I can almost guarantee that you will find the diamonds here at Amazon.com a better bargain. The price for similar certified earrings at the jewelers I visited began at $500.00 <end>  Absolutely Gorgeous  Bought these not knowing what to expect. I was not disappointed. The earrings are guaranteed to be at least .30 carats, have a minimum clarity of SI2 and a minimum color of H as independently tested by the International Gemological Institute (IGI). These minimum qualifications are slightly above average as you would have noticed if you've been looking for comparably weighted certified diamond earrings elsewhere (for example, at Macy's, comparably certified diamonds cost $900 for worse clarity). However, the diamonds that I recieved were above and beyond the minimums. The clarity of the diamonds I got were VS1 (very slightly included) and colorless (D/E the very best). They are appraised at $895 by IGI. I would like to note that they come in 2 boxes. 1 blue cardboard, the other deep red cherrywood. Very classy.While I am completely satisfied with the earrings I got, there are 2 minor issues I should bring up. First, the diamonds are not of the very best cut (ideal), the ones I got were slightly dark because they were cut too deep. But they are still considered "good" cut. This is a way for diamonds to retain a higher carat value, but they don't shine as much. Also, the screw backs were difficult for the earrings' recipient to put in because the nature of the screw makes the post thicker than normal (however, this is a sign of quality as they are unlikely to fall off).Long story short, get these earrings, you won't be disappointed. <end>  Simply gorgeous!  What a wonderful birthday gift. They sparkle brilliantly and look like he paid three times as much. I love the elegant wood box they came in and the screw on backs for security. They also came with a certificate of appraisal...I absolutely love them and my husband for blessing me with them. <end>
 B0000BYA0Z  Sterling Silver Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  thick heart, but chain is a little thin  the charm is beautiful, but the chain is a bit flimsy. Overall, pleased considering the price. <end>  heart necklace  This necklace looks exactly how it is pictured. There is absolutely nothing special about it. In fact,it looks like a cheap piece of costume jewelry. <end>  Nice hunk of Silver  I got this on sale for my wife. She really liked it, so did her friends. The whole thing (heart and chain) weighs 1/2 an ounce, a nice hunk of silver. It is 0.925 pure (sterling) so at 10 bucks it is a great buy. I wish the chain was 3" longer but it is advertised as 18" so I can't fault it for that. It's a great "no special occasion" gift. <end>
 B0000BYA16  Sterling Silver Cable Link Necklace w/ Heart Tag, 16.5" ||	  great tiffany knockoff very happy w/it  this necklace is beautiful. if isn't too heavy on your neck,is made very well, and so much cheaper. i bought itfor myself and so glad i did. you won't regret getting itother people make them in longer hearts and strangechains, but this one is perfect. <end>  Girlfriend Loved This  I bought this for my girlfriend's birthday and she loves it. It looks almost like the famous blue box one but at a much more affordable price. It's also a good size and the heart looks really nice. My girlfriend wears it alot now. I recommend this to any guy for his girlfriend - you will not be disappointed and she will love you for it! <end>  Love it!!  I saw someone on t.v. wearing a similar necklace. I did a lot of research before deciding on this one. The best price I found for other necklaces like this one was around $100! The weight is just right and the price was perfect, with free shipping to boot! I am extremely happy with my decision to purchase this necklace. My husband had my initials engraved on the heart. If you are considering this style, you can't go wrong...buy it! <end>  Very nice necklace for the price  Can't beat getting such a classy unique necklace for such a reasonable price! I never wear silver but had to buy this for myself for I thought it was too pretty to pass up. Would recommend for anyone who likes a necklace that is unique and comfortable yet looks great at the same time! <end>  Sterling Heart & Toggle Chain  This link chain is solid .925 and excellent quality. We are a jewelry retailer and often find these with hollow links. This came in very nice packaging and a care card. I was very pleased. <end>  Valentine's delight  I bought this for my wife as a Valentine's day present. I had some concerns after receiving it because it is a fairly heavy chain, and my wife is a slender woman. I didn't want it to overpower her appearance. However, my wife loves it and it looks great on her. It is not a choker, but it hangs close to the throat. The heart is sturdy enough that I had both the front and back engraved and it looks very nice. The clasp is safe and a nice touch because it is different. <end>  Classy, well-made, and reasonable  My daughter wanted the Tiffany version but this looks just as good and is more reasonable. It seems well made, with nice heft. She loves it! <end>  Love the necklace  I have received so many compliments on the necklace. I saw a similar necklace for 3x the amount at our local shopping mall. Beautiful!! <end>  I love it!  I absolutely love this necklace. Tiffany necklaces are too expensive for me, and this one was just right. The weight of it is great and I love how it looks. I would definitely recommend this! <end>  Bargain value  Better than the Tiffany. Heavier and looks the same for a lot less $. A real value. <end>  Sterling Silver Heart  This necklace was just what I was looking for and did not hesitate to order it. Now that it's arrived, I wear it everyday, even though I have many other necklaces. It's beautiful and worth the price. I love it and get many compliments! <end>  love this necklace  I bought this necklace quite some time ago and I still wear it all the time. It goes with so many different outfits and always looks good. <end>  excellent knock off  i got this after eyeing the tiffany & co version. that one is about $325. this is an excellent copy for less than a third of the price. i really love it.it came packaged in a navy blue bag in a navy blue box and came with cleaning and care instructions.i only gave it 4 stars instead of five because the heart pendant seems a little small compared to the picture on the website. but its a decent size anyway, and i'm looking forward to getting it engraved when i figure out what i want engraved on it!it feels heavy, definetly doesn't feel cheap. i recommend getting it if you don't want to splurge on the real thing, it would take someone with a really good high end jewelry eye to notice. <end>  fabulous!  I really really love this necklace!! My husband gave it to me for my birthday. I'm a good shopper, so first I read all the reviews about the product to make a good shop, and about the product specifications such as length, weight, material and price of the necklace, and this was the best selection and the perfect choice for me.... I love it and its looks fabulous! <end>  NOT WHAT I EXPECTED, BUT STILL AMAZING!  I love this necklace that I ordered. It's fabulous! The only con was that I thought the necklace would be a lot of longer and the heart would be a lot larger as well. It sort of looks like a choker on my neck. <end>  Beautiful  I love, love, love this necklace. I always get tons of compliments on it no matter where I am. It has a nice smooth chain that you won't be able to keep your hands off. The look is lovely. It has not dulled since I purchased it months ago. I definetly recomend this one. You can't beat it for the price. <end>  choker and not like the Tiffany's version  Bought this as an inexpensive Tiffany alternative and it's a choker for my daughter and nothing like the Blue Box version. More like steel than silver. We have the Tiffany bracelet and the only similarity is the heart tag. Sent it back and will hold out for the Tiffany's. <end>  Still waiting on my credit.  I return the necklace on the 7 of Dec., Amazon receive it on the 11 of Dec. Still waiting for my credit. <end>
 B0000BYA1B  Sterling Silver Link Bracelet w/ Heart Tag, 7.5" ||	  Not completely satisfied.  Okay, so this bracelet cost only $30, and maybe you get what you pay for. Here's just some advice for prospective buyers. On the negative side  The lobster claw clasp is small, which makes it virtually impossible to put the bracelet on with one free hand. Once it is on, you can either leave it on permanently or enlist someone's help to put it on each time. I would recommend a toggle-clasp closure instead. Also, the sterling silver looks a lot like stainless steel. (Wonder how you would test that?) On the positive side  Although the length of the bracelet is 7.5&quot;, you can adjust it inwards using the other links, something you can not do with a toggle clasp. Overall, it is an &quot;okay&quot; bracelet, although, in my opinion, the cable links are not as stylish as the Rolo links would be. But, for $30, how much can you ask for? <end>  Cheap imitation  This bracelet is a lot thinner and lighter than I thought it would be. I was expecting a chunkier, Tiffany-style tag bracelet, but it is smaller and more feminine. Not what I expected. <end>  My wife loved it.  I bought my wife a tiffany style necklace,i was looking for a bracelet,silver to match,this one i picked was very nice.I looked on several other sites and some were not as nice as this one and costed more.Very happy with my purchase.Wife could have used 8" but was no choice in size,reason i give 4 stars instead of 5. <end>  stood up to expectations  I feel like I got what I paid for. This bracelet is durable and looks good. <end>  beautiful  The bracelet looks beautiful and I am happy with the price $12.5 ($25 with 50% off promotion). I don't give it 5 star because I don't like the plain empty heart. It will be more pretty if any decoration or words on it. <end>  better quality than expected  This is thicker and nicer than I expected for that price. I love it <end>
 B0000BYA2B  Sterling Silver Oval Polished Cuff Links ||	  Cuff Links  I purchased the cuff links as Christmas gift. I was disappointed with the original product. They looked liked $9.99 cuff links in real life versus the $50 I spent. My suggestion is to pick out jewelry in person and don't rely on a picture. <end>  very flimsy!  I bought these as a gift for my hubby and i was so embarrassed when i received them that i decided not to give it to him. I gave it away to charity thinking that someone in need could get use out of it. They looked so clean and sleek in the photo. I figured I couldn't go wrong with this purchase but boy was I surprised. Some people may not mind this quality. My dad thought that it wasn't too bad but I personally was a displeased. <end>
 B0000BYA3G  Sterling Silver Key Holder w/Engraved Design ||	  Simple &amp; elegant  I actually received one of these as a gift 11 years ago. It was monogramed, and it has held up fine to daily use. It would make a nice gift to anyone who may have bought a new car recently. <end>  Perfect gift  This key chain is simple and elegant. Perfect for a man or woman. Can be monogrammed very nicely. <end>
 B0000BYQY0  18k Yellow Gold 1ctw Round Brilliant Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 5.5 ||	  Diamond Anniversary Band  This is a beautiful ring. The diamonds are of a higher quality than what you usually find in rings like this. The fire in these diamonds is unbelievable. Getting a ring like this for this price is great, getting this level of diamond quality for this price is incredible and the fact that they are certified is the icing on the cake. I shopped all over the net and could not find a 1ct. ring of this quality for any where near this price. I would recommend this ring to anyone that wants a top quality ring at a great price. <end>
 B0000BYRH6  Platinum 3/4ctw Princess-cut Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 7 ||	  I said yes!  I am the Mrs - ghost writing this review. The ring is beautiful. I was doing reviews of other stuff we've ordered over the years - it;s been 6 years since he gave me this ring and I love it. It's not gawdy or blingy, like many of my friends rings (not that that is necessarily bad - just saying) I'm a hands-on sort of girl who likes doing messy things - like painting, working on house projects, gardening, extended hiking trips. This ring has proven a durable, stalwart and beautiful symbol of the commitment we made to each other. Highly recommended. <end>
 B0000C05BS  Platinum Hoop Earrings ||	  Lovely earrings  These earrings are just right for my wife who is petite and enjoys wearing this style of loop. They are also easy to put on ( I do this due to her disability) with a solid clasp that doesn't open by accident. I really like the size ... both the diameter and the thickness are perfect. <end>
 B0000C4CHV  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Pleasantly surprised!  After looking at dozens of other stores, I kept coming back to this ring for both the style and the price (after all, it is shipped free and would only take a few bucks to ship back if we didn't like it!) I do have to say that it did take a solid 3 weeks for this ring to arrive - longer than expected. But once it did, we were so happy with the purchase! It is a beautiful ring with a lot of weight to it - it feels very heavy in hand. It also has the slightly raised center portion that is just enough to give it an original look, but not too much that it looks too trendy. Another advantage over a brick and mortar store is that you can buy the ring in the exact size you need. A lot of regular stores only have what is in stock, and it has to be resized for you, possibly affecting the integrity of the ring. This is a very shiny classic that we are going to enjoy for years to come! Looks much better in person!!! <end>  A beautiful Ring!  After looking in various jewelry stores and searching the internet, my husband and I found this ring and it was exactly what he had in mind! We got married in May, and it still looks brand new! The size charts are accurate, and it fit him perfectly. A great deal for such a nice wedding band. <end>  Great purchase!  Like the other reviewers, I love this ring. It's heavy and durable, but it has nice detailing that isn't too flashy for my husband. He loves it, and jewelry stores would probably charge $500 or so for the same size ring. I am VERY satisfied with this purchase!! <end>  A nice ring  I love the design of this ring, and the fit was correct and comfortable. It scratches more easily than I had hoped, though I have to admit I'm not terribly easy on it. It polishes up nicely though. <end>  My ring  This is my wedding ring and I have had it for 2 years and it still looks great. <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased this ring in November 2007 as my husband's wedding band. It is beautiful. He is very pleased with the ring. He has never had a problem with the comfort, even though he has never worn jewelry before. Love it!! Great buy! <end>  Beautiful!!  I could not be happier with this ring.It is gorgeous, solid, nice weight (it doesn't feel cheap), and it really shines.They shipped it to me several days prior to the estimated delivery date.And I actually order a size too big (I think they run a little big), and Amazon was so courteous and efficient about returning the product and ordering a new one that fit, they really made it painless.I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a quality wedding band who doesn't want to spend a fortune on an equal product. After this experience I will definitely be purchasing more jewelry through Amazon. <end>  Badly Scratched  The ring had a deep scratch in it. Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life. Better choice I think. <end>
 B0000C4CIH  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CIK  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CIR  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CJ3  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJ4  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJ6  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJE  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Attractive, well-designed men's wedding ring  Description  This two-tone, 14-karat men's gold wedding ring also sports two finishes. It consists of five zones or bands. The first, third, and fifth bands are shiny/polished and rounded (convex), with the outer bands in white gold, and the middle band in yellow gold. The second and fourth zones are flat and are raised slightly higher than the other bands, which should protect the shiny ones somewhat from damage. These two zones are white gold with a brushed finish and each are approximately 2.5 times the width of one of the shiny bands. The inside of the ring is white gold. The stamps read "14K" and "FA"*.Additional information  Amazon currently has two of this ring style listed (see http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000EVXWK/ref=cm_rv_thx_view/103-5051791-5395063?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=3367581), one slightly heavier than the other, with different sizes available in each. Unfortunately with both rings, the selection of sizes is limited.Opinion  I had been looking at this style of ring in a local jewelery store but then found this one on Amazon for less than half what the jeweler was asking. When the Amazon ring arrived, I was relieved to find that it was identical to the one I had been considering at the jewelry store.The photo of the ring here does not do it justice. It is a great-looking ring, and heavy enough to feel like gold should, but not so heavy as to be cumbersome. The inside is slightly convex, making the ring quite comfortable to wear.One issue to note  the ring I received appears to have a bit of light wear on the brushed surfaces  some minor nicks and scratches. Perhaps it had been returned by another customer and then shipped to me. I just received the ring tonight, however, so I will need to examine it more closely in the daylight to know whether to ask for an exchange. The bottom line  be sure to examine closely any jewelry you buy.Bottom line(s)  This is a very attractive and modern-looking ring that does not look like a pipe fitting, as do so many other men's rings today. I am very pleased to have found the ring on Amazon and am happy about the design and feel of the product. It will be a fine wedding ring.* Edit  The stamp actually reads "14(c)FG" - the FG = Frederick Goldman. The G looks like an A, though, which I believe must be part of Goldman's trademark. I've had the ring for two years now, and it's still beautiful. The texture on the raised part is smooth now, and more reflective (partly because I mistakenly asked a mall jeweler one day for a quick *polish* rather than a *cleaning*, and didn't catch my mistake before it was too late, and the guy had given it a light abrasive polish), but the ring is still beautiful. Definitely an excellent value; I'll continue to buy jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000C4CJK  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Attractive, well-designed men's wedding ring  Description  This two-tone, 14-karat men's gold wedding ring also sports two finishes. It consists of five zones or bands. The first, third, and fifth bands are shiny/polished and rounded (convex), with the outer bands in white gold, and the middle band in yellow gold. The second and fourth zones are flat and are raised slightly higher than the other bands, which should protect the shiny ones somewhat from damage. These two zones are white gold with a brushed finish and each are approximately 2.5 times the width of one of the shiny bands. The inside of the ring is white gold. The stamps read "14K" and "FA"*.Additional information  Amazon currently has two of this ring style listed (see http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000EVXWK/ref=cm_rv_thx_view/103-5051791-5395063?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=3367581), one slightly heavier than the other, with different sizes available in each. Unfortunately with both rings, the selection of sizes is limited.Opinion  I had been looking at this style of ring in a local jewelery store but then found this one on Amazon for less than half what the jeweler was asking. When the Amazon ring arrived, I was relieved to find that it was identical to the one I had been considering at the jewelry store.The photo of the ring here does not do it justice. It is a great-looking ring, and heavy enough to feel like gold should, but not so heavy as to be cumbersome. The inside is slightly convex, making the ring quite comfortable to wear.One issue to note  the ring I received appears to have a bit of light wear on the brushed surfaces  some minor nicks and scratches. Perhaps it had been returned by another customer and then shipped to me. I just received the ring tonight, however, so I will need to examine it more closely in the daylight to know whether to ask for an exchange. The bottom line  be sure to examine closely any jewelry you buy.Bottom line(s)  This is a very attractive and modern-looking ring that does not look like a pipe fitting, as do so many other men's rings today. I am very pleased to have found the ring on Amazon and am happy about the design and feel of the product. It will be a fine wedding ring.* Edit  The stamp actually reads "14(c)FG" - the FG = Frederick Goldman. The G looks like an A, though, which I believe must be part of Goldman's trademark. I've had the ring for two years now, and it's still beautiful. The texture on the raised part is smooth now, and more reflective (partly because I mistakenly asked a mall jeweler one day for a quick *polish* rather than a *cleaning*, and didn't catch my mistake before it was too late, and the guy had given it a light abrasive polish), but the ring is still beautiful. Definitely an excellent value; I'll continue to buy jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000C4CK2  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Attractive, well-designed men's wedding ring  Description  This two-tone, 14-karat men's gold wedding ring also sports two finishes. It consists of five zones or bands. The first, third, and fifth bands are shiny/polished and rounded (convex), with the outer bands in white gold, and the middle band in yellow gold. The second and fourth zones are flat and are raised slightly higher than the other bands, which should protect the shiny ones somewhat from damage. These two zones are white gold with a brushed finish and each are approximately 2.5 times the width of one of the shiny bands. The inside of the ring is white gold. The stamps read "14K" and "FA"*.Additional information  Amazon currently has two of this ring style listed (see http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000EVXWK/ref=cm_rv_thx_view/103-5051791-5395063?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=3367581), one slightly heavier than the other, with different sizes available in each. Unfortunately with both rings, the selection of sizes is limited.Opinion  I had been looking at this style of ring in a local jewelery store but then found this one on Amazon for less than half what the jeweler was asking. When the Amazon ring arrived, I was relieved to find that it was identical to the one I had been considering at the jewelry store.The photo of the ring here does not do it justice. It is a great-looking ring, and heavy enough to feel like gold should, but not so heavy as to be cumbersome. The inside is slightly convex, making the ring quite comfortable to wear.One issue to note  the ring I received appears to have a bit of light wear on the brushed surfaces  some minor nicks and scratches. Perhaps it had been returned by another customer and then shipped to me. I just received the ring tonight, however, so I will need to examine it more closely in the daylight to know whether to ask for an exchange. The bottom line  be sure to examine closely any jewelry you buy.Bottom line(s)  This is a very attractive and modern-looking ring that does not look like a pipe fitting, as do so many other men's rings today. I am very pleased to have found the ring on Amazon and am happy about the design and feel of the product. It will be a fine wedding ring.* Edit  The stamp actually reads "14(c)FG" - the FG = Frederick Goldman. The G looks like an A, though, which I believe must be part of Goldman's trademark. I've had the ring for two years now, and it's still beautiful. The texture on the raised part is smooth now, and more reflective (partly because I mistakenly asked a mall jeweler one day for a quick *polish* rather than a *cleaning*, and didn't catch my mistake before it was too late, and the guy had given it a light abrasive polish), but the ring is still beautiful. Definitely an excellent value; I'll continue to buy jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000C4CKO  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  EXCELLENT Ring!  This ring is by far the best value in the sub $500 price point. I ordered this ring recently and am quite pleased to say the least. The picture absolutely does the ring no justice -- as the craftmanship is outstanding.You cannot go wrong choosing this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring at ANY price!!!  My wife and I decided to update our wedding bands this year for our anniversary. I wanted something different than the plain 4mm comfort-fit yellow gold band I had since our wedding. I looked at many specialty web sites and jewelry stores, but my wife and I both fell in love with this ring. When we saw the price we thought it was too good too be true! We ordered it and received it the following afternoon (with a free shipping promo)! It is stunning! The only minor issue is the ring seems to run a little big (maybe 1/2 a size). Because of the pattern on the ring, it is not able to be resized, but Amazon would let you return it for a new size if necessary. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I am not one to write reviews, but my husband and I are so very happy with this ring, that I could not resist sharing this with you. The picture cannot display how amazing this ring is. And, it is definitely a bargain for the price! <end>  Quite Lovely  The packaging and the ring itself were quite lovely. Also, my fiance, who is "comfort oriented," was thrilled with the fit. <end>  Excellent quality! Excellent value  My fiance' and I have been looking for rings for some time now. I found a ring identical to this at a local jeweler, but their prices were extraordinarily high. I had almost given up on being able to find the ring and then I came across this item on Amazon -- for almost 1/3 of the cost.The reviews I read sounded promising and I can tell you that I echo everything that has been posted already. Beautiful ring. Excellent finishing. Comfortable. It does run almost a half size big. This is a serious bargain. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! I bought this for my soon to be husband and he loves it! The center engraving makes this ring stand out among the same boring, shiny, flat wedding band. Just enough originality to make you take a second look! Comfort fit is also great!!! What a steal! <end>  Great price, quality  I was leery about an online jewelry purchase, but this is a great quality ring that is a steal for the price offered. Same ring is $600-$800 in most jewelry stores. Comfort fit also feels great! <end>  My husband loves this ring...  Unfortunately, my husband and I didn't pick out matching bands because he really likes his ring and I don't like mine. Nevertheless, as a previous reviewer said, this ring does run about a half a size bigger than it says so I would recommend that you keep this in mind when you purchase it because if you get it downsized (as my husband did) then the engraved matte inner band can't be salvaged. Even with the downsized ring it still looks nice....we've been married for over 3 years now and the ring looks like it is new (sans the matte center) both in color (white gold) and quality. We had planned to upgrade our bands but he loves his ring so I'll get the upgrade *yay*. <end>
 B0000C4CL1  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  EXCELLENT Ring!  This ring is by far the best value in the sub $500 price point. I ordered this ring recently and am quite pleased to say the least. The picture absolutely does the ring no justice -- as the craftmanship is outstanding.You cannot go wrong choosing this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring at ANY price!!!  My wife and I decided to update our wedding bands this year for our anniversary. I wanted something different than the plain 4mm comfort-fit yellow gold band I had since our wedding. I looked at many specialty web sites and jewelry stores, but my wife and I both fell in love with this ring. When we saw the price we thought it was too good too be true! We ordered it and received it the following afternoon (with a free shipping promo)! It is stunning! The only minor issue is the ring seems to run a little big (maybe 1/2 a size). Because of the pattern on the ring, it is not able to be resized, but Amazon would let you return it for a new size if necessary. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I am not one to write reviews, but my husband and I are so very happy with this ring, that I could not resist sharing this with you. The picture cannot display how amazing this ring is. And, it is definitely a bargain for the price! <end>  Quite Lovely  The packaging and the ring itself were quite lovely. Also, my fiance, who is "comfort oriented," was thrilled with the fit. <end>  Excellent quality! Excellent value  My fiance' and I have been looking for rings for some time now. I found a ring identical to this at a local jeweler, but their prices were extraordinarily high. I had almost given up on being able to find the ring and then I came across this item on Amazon -- for almost 1/3 of the cost.The reviews I read sounded promising and I can tell you that I echo everything that has been posted already. Beautiful ring. Excellent finishing. Comfortable. It does run almost a half size big. This is a serious bargain. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! I bought this for my soon to be husband and he loves it! The center engraving makes this ring stand out among the same boring, shiny, flat wedding band. Just enough originality to make you take a second look! Comfort fit is also great!!! What a steal! <end>  Great price, quality  I was leery about an online jewelry purchase, but this is a great quality ring that is a steal for the price offered. Same ring is $600-$800 in most jewelry stores. Comfort fit also feels great! <end>  My husband loves this ring...  Unfortunately, my husband and I didn't pick out matching bands because he really likes his ring and I don't like mine. Nevertheless, as a previous reviewer said, this ring does run about a half a size bigger than it says so I would recommend that you keep this in mind when you purchase it because if you get it downsized (as my husband did) then the engraved matte inner band can't be salvaged. Even with the downsized ring it still looks nice....we've been married for over 3 years now and the ring looks like it is new (sans the matte center) both in color (white gold) and quality. We had planned to upgrade our bands but he loves his ring so I'll get the upgrade *yay*. <end>
 B0000C4CLJ  Men's Titanium and 18k 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band Ring, Size 12 ||	  Beautiful ring  When the ring came I was very impressed, it looks even better in person than in the picture. Sadly, it was too big and had to be returned, but it would have been loved if it had been the right size. <end>
 B0000C4CLQ  Men's Titanium with 18k Yellow Gold 7mm Black and Gray Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  an amazing ring!  got this ring for my future husband. loved that it wasn't your everyday looking mans wedding band. And He loves it too. He wants to wear it now but I'm making him wait till the wedding day. That's just how much he loves the look of this ring. He will be so proud to show it off! <end>  Special Wedding Band  The ring is strong, simple, unique, and has great "eye-appeal". I love it and am completely happy with my purchase. As should be expected, having the 18K Gold stripe in the design, the ring does scratch. It doesn't matter, as it is a lovely ring and only improves (the sentimentality) with age (as we all do!!!) <end>  Husband's wedding band  My husband picked out this ring when we got married. I bought it for him, and it just looks amazing on him. It does have a few scratches (it's 7 months old) but I wouldn't go back and change it because it is so beautiful. <end>  LOVE IT!  I gave this ring to my husband for our 13th anniversary. His original gold ring was very beat up and way too big since he has lost a large amount of weight since our wedding. The Titanium of this ring is great. Besides the everyday wear it has to endure we are also building a house ourselves so it has to handle lots of banging. So far so good. It is also BEAUTIFUL! <end>  Please read this BEFORE you buy!  I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it. After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back. Turns out they WON'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars! I am livid! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased. This product was disappointing and customer service didn't help in the least. So sad. <end>  The odd one in  What caught my attention to this was not only the color but the lack of shine and odd color. My husband and I have been married twice, divorced once(you read right) and not once has HE had a wedding band. His job requires extensive use of his hands with small parts. This ring will withstand the dings other rings may be subject too. Since my husband isn't into the shine and sparkle of gold and diamonds, I was looking at white gold and saw this ring. I may buy it for him. Of course I need to finish my scouting first but this #1 so far. I think it's a beautiful, practical wedding band for any man who uses his hands a lot at work. Since this will be the first band he gets, I want it to be special, and I'm on a budget of 500 dollars so that works. This is a one of a kind. I recommend it. <end>
 B0000C6BO5  Sterling Silver Pendant With Amethyst From The Metro Collection, 17" By Zina ||	  Not fine jewelry  I was looking for some nice jewelry to give our 14 and 16 year old nieces. This is not it. This will end up as a present for the 10 year old niece because we got it at the Friday sale price of $15. The pendant is smaller than the on-screen picture, smaller even than the fingernail on my ,ittle finger, and the stone is so small it is hard to see.If I had paid the $45 they ask for it regularly I would have been even more disappointed and asked for a refund... evven at only $15 I am tempted to send it back. <end>  amethyst pendant  this is cute and i have the matching earrings. the stone is quite small so it's hard to see the color, but i like it anyway. <end>
 B0000C6BOG  Zina Sterling Silver Flower Earrings ||	  Flirty and light  These earrings are perfect for a day at the office or a weekend with friends. They are surprisingly lightweight, which makes them comfortable to wear for long stretches of time. I think the flowers are plumerias -- they're very cute. These earrings would actually make a great gift for a younger girl. <end>  Beautiful!  Earrings were exactly as pictured. The quality was good. There earrings are exactly what I had hoped for when ordering. <end>
 B0000C85PC  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold 10K Rose / Leaves Pendant Necklace  Clothing ||	  Looks great and at a great value  I have purchase this product and it arrively promptly. As I have opened the box, I was delighted to discover that the product was very beautiful. The craftmenship, the detail, and the rose gold that was used in the assembly of it rose was beautiful. One note, the pendant is not very large, however it is accompanied by a nice gold chain. <end>  Black Hills Rose  This was a gift and delighted all who saw it. Very pretty without superfluous lines. <end>
 B0000C85PM  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold 10K Cross Pendant Necklace  Clothing ||	  very small cross  This was delivered very quickly but was much smaller and delicate than I expected. The clasp is very difficult to get on and off because it's very tiny. Maybe better for a child than an adult if you change the chain. <end>
 B0000C85QA  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold 10K Butterfly Ankle Bracelet  Clothing ||	  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold  I was impressed with the quick delivery, the package arrived in tacked, and the person who received the item was delighted with the gift. I highly recommend them for your purchases.Thank you Mt. Rushmore <end>  A Beautiful Ankle Bracelet  I really love the ankle bracelet. I gave it as a gift and everyone who saw it thinks it's beautiful. Great craftsmanship. <end>  Black Hills Ankle Bracelet  The bracelet is attractive enough, however, the clasp broke after only wearing the bracelet for about two weeks. It cost $11 to put a new clasp on it! <end>
 B0000C882T  Sterling Silver Small Flower Chandelier Dangle Earrings by Lois Hill ||	  gorgeous earrings with a design problem  These earrings are lovely, medium size and weight; they give a gentle tug to the ear, but are not so heavy as to be uncomfortable. Unfortunately, the design has two problems. First, the earwires are a very narrow gauge. One of mine broke off after a week of careful wear. I will have to visit a jewelry repair shop and pay to have them modified to accomodate heavier earwires, which will increase the price of the earrings. Second, the lotus flower dangles at the bottom tend to hang up on one another and become stuck, as a result of parts of the weave being uneven or too close together. Perhaps you will get a pair that does not hang up; I did not. In any case, the earwires are much too thin and too short to have the strength to support the earring. If you buy these, you might look into replacing the wires. <end>
 B0000C8879  Sterling Silver Thin Granulated Ring by Lois Hill, Size 9 ||	  Lovely ring  I purchased this ring as a gift to myself and am delighted with it. I wanted something I could wear anytime and with anything. I have worn this to the office, on the weekends when dressed in jeans, and to a few dinners when dressed more for evening and it compliments everything. The ring is quite feminine and the design unique; however the weight of the ring gives it a durability that stands up to everyday activities. I have been more than pleased with my choice to purchase this ring and would recommend it to other women, or to those men looking for something special, yet not overpriced to give to the women in their lives. <end>
 B0000C887A  Sterling Silver Granulated and Scroll Stacking Bands Ring by Lois Hill, Size 5 ||	  Love this ring , Designer is Great !  This ring to be honest , I was scared to buy -- but it turned out to be one of the best of the Best> It was like the item you wanted but was scared to buy, and when you finally did it - you did not know why you were scared to buy it ! And you loved it.That is this ring. I purchased this item on the super saver delivery, so I was anxious till I recieved today. And let me tell you, I am thrilled with this product.! I do think this desginer, is the the Next Diane Malouf, or Konstantio.So In my small review , I am going to try and buy all I can from this desginer before it hits Neimans.!!!!!!SincerlyLisa Hightower <end>
 B0000C889M  Sterling Silver Small Flower and Pyramid Lattice Choker Necklace, 12" by Lois Hill ||	  chocker necklaces``  Very beautiful and pretty and too strong for a childs neck but great for a wifes evening ware. <end>  Beautiful...  Absolutely georgeous, adjustable fitting rings and looks better on her than it does in the picture. Very understated, but gets lots of attention. Well worth the great price. Ordered on Thursday and received less than a week later with Free Shipping! Packaging in Lois Hill box and tie-string bag. <end>  Beautiful...  Absolutely georgeous, adjustable fitting rings and looks better on her than it does in the picture. Very understated, but gets lots of attention. Well worth the great price. <end>
 B0000CAT02  Amazon.com  3-piece Pearl Jewelry Set, BLACK  Clothing ||	  Cheap more for kids  This is awful. It looks more like really cheap costume jewlry. I was very dissapointed in this. The earings fell off the the backing the first time I wore them, and the necklace and bracelet do not latch. It is a piece of junk. <end>
 B0000CC5I7  14k Yellow and White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/3ctw, I, I1), Size 7 ||	  Love it!!  I have had lots of compliments on this ring and a co-worker even wants to buy it from me!! NOT for sale!! The stones shine and sparkle brilliently. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>
 B0000CC5JJ  18k White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/3ctw, H, SI2), Size 6 ||	  Would have given more stars  I ordered this item just like that. I noticed that the ring was 18ct white gold with SI2 clarity and H color and pretty much sounded like a good combination with regards to color and clarity.I received the item just today and I was so happy and impressed as soon as I saw the ring. I expected a little sparkle bocz of the color and clarity but it was way too much sparkle for the price I bought it for.The best part was that the ring had an IGI certification along with the details abt the ring in a certificate. I was happy that it was a good deal and it was a good ring from [...] jewelers itself.I would certainly recommend this ring...looks and feels great <end>
 B0000CDE5S  18k White Gold Diamond (.92ctw) Deco Style Eternity Stack Ring w/ Beaded Detail, Size 5 by Diana Heimann ||	  HURTS!!!!  This ring is gorgeous and so cute to look at, but it is truly PAINFUL to wear!!! It was cutting into my fingers after only a few minutes of wearing it. I bought it when it was $300 and I sent it back because it wasn't worth it to reset the diamonds in a less sharp setting. <end>
 B0000CDV4S  Platinum Round Brilliant Cut Diamond 3-Stone Ring (1cttw, H, SI2), Size 5 ||	  Beauty  This is the most beautiful ring I have ever seen, and I've seen a lot of diamond jewelry. The price is definitely unbeatable. When this ring arrived, I could not believe the quality. I don't know who makes it, but they definitely deserve an award. Thank you Amazon.com for once again delivering the best product for the best price possible. <end>
 B0000CEMB8  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 5.5 ||	  Beautiful ring alone or next to a solitaire  I just received this ring and was impressed. It's very pretty on, very dainty. I bought it to wear next to my solitaire engagement ring and it looks beautiful with it. The diamonds are small of course, but the ring itself is thin, so the diamonds stand out and it has great sparkle. When your hand is in a natural position, it looks like the diamonds go all the way around the ring. I shopped around and this is an amazing price for this ring, some cheap mall jewelers were charging $200+ for lower quality!! I would highly recommend it! <end>  Beautiful ring - pleasantly surprised!  I just received this ring for my wedding in August and I am very happy with it. It looks exactly like the picture except more sparkly in person. It is perfect next to my marquise solitaire. It is thin and feminine, which I was looking for. Many like this that I tried on in jewelry stores were either too wide or tall when compared to the band for my engagement ring. This is only slightly larger and looks perfect.How many jewelers offer returns within 30 days? Plus, it's free shipping! <end>  The Best Wedding Band for Solitare Diamond Rings  My husband bought me this ring for our wedding and it is absolutely spectacular!!! The same ring in a jewelry store cost around $295.00, therefore, we were a bit skeptical of buying it on Amazon.com. As soon as we saw it though, it was even more beautiful than the ones in the stores. It fits perfectly with my 1 carat solitare round diamond ring. Highly recommend!! <end>
 B0000CEMET  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  Order and WAIT...  I ordered this product at the end of February, but still have not received it. Don't be fooled by Amazon's statement that it will be "in stock soon." It does look like a nice ring, and there is a favorable review on the same ring with bigger carat weight, but it is hard to say when you will really ever get it. If you need this item in the near future, I suggest looking at another ring, or with another merchant. If you have all the time in the world, then Amazon will be able to get it to you SOMEDAY. <end>
 B0000CEMEX  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  Order and WAIT...  I ordered this product at the end of February, but still have not received it. Don't be fooled by Amazon's statement that it will be "in stock soon." It does look like a nice ring, and there is a favorable review on the same ring with bigger carat weight, but it is hard to say when you will really ever get it. If you need this item in the near future, I suggest looking at another ring, or with another merchant. If you have all the time in the world, then Amazon will be able to get it to you SOMEDAY. <end>
 B0000CEMG0  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  Wow! Really Beautiful!  This ring is beautiful. I returned it because it is too big/wide for my finger but the diamonds are an EXCELLENT quality. This ring is worth every penny. <end>
 B0000CEMG7  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1ctw, I, I1), Size 8 ||	  Wow! Really Beautiful!  This ring is beautiful. I returned it because it is too big/wide for my finger but the diamonds are an EXCELLENT quality. This ring is worth every penny. <end>
 B0000CEMGA  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 4 ||	  Great Value  I am extremely happy with this ring. Unlike the reviewer who stated her ring only has 9 stones, mine does have the full 11 as stated in the description. The stones are very clear, and have a good amount of fire. I have gotten a lot of compliments on this ring, and for the price it's a tremendous value. It's comfortable, and it looks great with a round brilliant cut solitare ring. For this price, why buy a cubic? <end>  Great quality &amp; a price you can't beat  I did a lot of research &amp; looked at many diamond bands &amp; I was very happy when I got this band (very fast shipping). You will not find a better deal for .25 carat. Brillant cut &amp; sparkle. I can truly say I was not disapointed when I saw it for the first time. I've gotten a lot of compliments. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Pretty but uncomfortable  I purchased this ring and it is very pretty, but because the band has sharp square edges, I found it to be very uncomfortable. Also, I bought this to wear next to my engagement ring and it didn't work with it, again because of the square shaped band. (I returned this ring and bought the round cut diamond ring for the same price, which I'm thrilled with.) The price is a lot lower than even the least expensive jewelry stores I looked at. <end>
 B0000CEMGE  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 5 ||	  Great Value  I am extremely happy with this ring. Unlike the reviewer who stated her ring only has 9 stones, mine does have the full 11 as stated in the description. The stones are very clear, and have a good amount of fire. I have gotten a lot of compliments on this ring, and for the price it's a tremendous value. It's comfortable, and it looks great with a round brilliant cut solitare ring. For this price, why buy a cubic? <end>  Great quality &amp; a price you can't beat  I did a lot of research &amp; looked at many diamond bands &amp; I was very happy when I got this band (very fast shipping). You will not find a better deal for .25 carat. Brillant cut &amp; sparkle. I can truly say I was not disapointed when I saw it for the first time. I've gotten a lot of compliments. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Pretty but uncomfortable  I purchased this ring and it is very pretty, but because the band has sharp square edges, I found it to be very uncomfortable. Also, I bought this to wear next to my engagement ring and it didn't work with it, again because of the square shaped band. (I returned this ring and bought the round cut diamond ring for the same price, which I'm thrilled with.) The price is a lot lower than even the least expensive jewelry stores I looked at. <end>
 B0000CEMGI  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 5.5 ||	  Great Value  I am extremely happy with this ring. Unlike the reviewer who stated her ring only has 9 stones, mine does have the full 11 as stated in the description. The stones are very clear, and have a good amount of fire. I have gotten a lot of compliments on this ring, and for the price it's a tremendous value. It's comfortable, and it looks great with a round brilliant cut solitare ring. For this price, why buy a cubic? <end>  Great quality &amp; a price you can't beat  I did a lot of research &amp; looked at many diamond bands &amp; I was very happy when I got this band (very fast shipping). You will not find a better deal for .25 carat. Brillant cut &amp; sparkle. I can truly say I was not disapointed when I saw it for the first time. I've gotten a lot of compliments. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Pretty but uncomfortable  I purchased this ring and it is very pretty, but because the band has sharp square edges, I found it to be very uncomfortable. Also, I bought this to wear next to my engagement ring and it didn't work with it, again because of the square shaped band. (I returned this ring and bought the round cut diamond ring for the same price, which I'm thrilled with.) The price is a lot lower than even the least expensive jewelry stores I looked at. <end>
 B0000CEMGJ  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  Great Value  I am extremely happy with this ring. Unlike the reviewer who stated her ring only has 9 stones, mine does have the full 11 as stated in the description. The stones are very clear, and have a good amount of fire. I have gotten a lot of compliments on this ring, and for the price it's a tremendous value. It's comfortable, and it looks great with a round brilliant cut solitare ring. For this price, why buy a cubic? <end>  Great quality &amp; a price you can't beat  I did a lot of research &amp; looked at many diamond bands &amp; I was very happy when I got this band (very fast shipping). You will not find a better deal for .25 carat. Brillant cut &amp; sparkle. I can truly say I was not disapointed when I saw it for the first time. I've gotten a lot of compliments. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Pretty but uncomfortable  I purchased this ring and it is very pretty, but because the band has sharp square edges, I found it to be very uncomfortable. Also, I bought this to wear next to my engagement ring and it didn't work with it, again because of the square shaped band. (I returned this ring and bought the round cut diamond ring for the same price, which I'm thrilled with.) The price is a lot lower than even the least expensive jewelry stores I looked at. <end>
 B0000CEMGS  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 8.5 ||	  Great Value  I am extremely happy with this ring. Unlike the reviewer who stated her ring only has 9 stones, mine does have the full 11 as stated in the description. The stones are very clear, and have a good amount of fire. I have gotten a lot of compliments on this ring, and for the price it's a tremendous value. It's comfortable, and it looks great with a round brilliant cut solitare ring. For this price, why buy a cubic? <end>  Great quality &amp; a price you can't beat  I did a lot of research &amp; looked at many diamond bands &amp; I was very happy when I got this band (very fast shipping). You will not find a better deal for .25 carat. Brillant cut &amp; sparkle. I can truly say I was not disapointed when I saw it for the first time. I've gotten a lot of compliments. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Pretty but uncomfortable  I purchased this ring and it is very pretty, but because the band has sharp square edges, I found it to be very uncomfortable. Also, I bought this to wear next to my engagement ring and it didn't work with it, again because of the square shaped band. (I returned this ring and bought the round cut diamond ring for the same price, which I'm thrilled with.) The price is a lot lower than even the least expensive jewelry stores I looked at. <end>
 B0000CEMH3  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 5.5 ||	  agutter  I shopped around at local businesses for the same ring. Most stores only sold an SI2, but they were about $800.00. This ring is worth the money, if you can not afford the higher quality. It does not look any different and is very pretty. I am using it as a wedding band next to my higher quality engagement ring and the diamonds look the same. I had it verbally appraised and the dealer said he would think it was worth about $500.00. <end>
 B0000CEYBV  PalmBeach Jewelry 2-Piece Army Ring/Pin Set ||	  Cheaply made  The ring is very cheaply made. The stone seems to be glued into the metal and the inside is open where you can see the bottom. I wasn't expecting top quality for the price but I won't wear this in public. <end>  corrected shipment  Incorrect item sent. Adjustment was made. However container was smashed. This was to have been a gift. The final ring seemed of good quality and the recipient liked it quite well. <end>
 B0000CFZCI  14k Yellow Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (1/3cttw, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  Nice and simple.  You get exactly what you pay for. A nice, simple ring. The diamond's quality is decent enough for the untrained eye (like mine). My only request would be to see the ring shipped with a felt case, and that it's pictures inlude one with it on someone's finger.Other than that, I'm engaged. So it must have worked. <end>
 B0000CG070  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (3/8cttw, G, VS2), Size 5 ||	  Definitely worth it!  I received this ring as a replacement for my wedding band and I have to say that it's absolutely gorgeous!The package included the IGI certificate and an appraisal form. I was happy to see that the ring is actually appraised at more than 2.5 times it's cost.The color, cut and total carat weight were better than the minimum requirements for this ring. Not sure if all rings will be better, but atleast the minimums are met and exceeded. <end>
 B0000CG08B  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (5/8cttw, G, VS2), Size 5.5 ||	  Absolutely Beautiful Ring  This is an absolutely beautiful ring with such a great quality (F color, VS2); even better than description. And it did come with a certification. I got it from the gold box deal and the price was unbeatable. Plus, it arrived fast via UPS next day delivery for FREE. This was my first time to buy jewelry online and I was very pleased. <end>
 B0000CGHLO  18k Yellow Gold Round Brilliant Center with Round Side Stones Ring (1 1/4ctw, I, I1) Size 6.5 ||	  Breathtaking and overall satisfying purchase  The ring had its intended effect  taking my wife's breath away on our 15-year anniversary. It is a great combination of the traditional channel set anniversary ring and an upgrade to the solitaire engagement ring she got when I was much younger. She loves the ring and I still catch her staring at it in the sunlight as we drive along in the car.The price seems pretty good for the size of stone when compared to some of the other online jewelry shops. I shopped around for about 1 month between 3 shops before making the plunge. The top down photo of the ring is a pretty good depiction, the side view does not do the ring justice (looks too elongated).My only warning to others ordering designed rings is to give yourself enough lead time. Order to delivery was a full month. Amazon upgraded it to an overnight due to the delay. I had to use a 3rd party as well since they would not deliver directly to those stationed overseas. <end>
 B0000CNVRK  14k White Gold Round Brilliant Cut Classic Solitaire Ring (1/4 ct, I, I1), Size 7 ||	  Very Pretty Ring  This ring is very good looking and sparkles a lot in correct lighting. Very good price for the quality. Includes a well made box for storing the ring along with care information and an appraisal card from the International Gemological Institute. My ring was actually appraised at $745. <end>
 B0000DGL4M  Good News Grannies&reg; "With Child" 3/4" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  with child  it was given to an expectant mother who has cherished it from the day she received it. she won't even take it off while she is pregnant!! <end>
 B0000DGLYL  I Love My Paramedic Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Exactly what I was looking for!  I had been looking for something special to send to my girlfriend for Christmas. I wanted something that would reflect how much I appreciated all the support and encouragement that she had given me during the last year as I struggled through Paramedic school.The pendant is great quality and arrived timely <end>
 B0000DGMQG  Shark Ladies' Ring Size 6 1/2 - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  It's great  My boyfriend bought me this for my birthday, as I have an obsessive love with sharks. It's small for me, but he didn't know my ring size and didn't ask to avoid spoiling it. But the detail is great and it looks great. <end>
 B0000DGQ98  Pierced "Madonna and Child" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  So happy!  I love this pendant. I purchased it, because it reminds me of a large outdoor decoration my late father made when I was little that hung from the from our front porch. It was exactly what I was looking for. <end>
 B0000DGSW6  Round "Flag with 'We Will Remember'" 5/8" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Dime sized pendant  I bought this beautiful pendant for two reasons. We Never Ever can afford to forget what happened on 9-11, and two, because my son is a firefighter and I want to wear this pendant as a tribute and reminder to everyone I come across. Those brave men and women who rushed into the burning, smoking towers risked it all, gave their all on American soil and also sacrificed forever, the quality of life of their family and survivors endevoring to render aid. We Must NEVER Forget any of them.I wish this beautiful pendant was a bit larger, and make a note, it does not come with a chain. <end>
 B0000DGZXE  Connecticut Huskies "UConn" 1/8" Charm - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Uconn sterling silver charm  This made a great gift for my boss. She's an orthodontist that graduated from Uconn. The only downfall is it could have been just a little bit bigger for her silver charm bracelet. <end>
 B0000DH53H  Dallas Cowboys "Star" 3/8" Charm - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Lovely Charm for Any Dallas Cowboy Fan  The charm was the perfect size we were looking for. And it was a nice quality. It was a birthday gift and the recipient was thrilled to get it. <end>
 B0000DH5QR  Scuba Diver Charm - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Excellent charm my daughter loved it  I would buy other items from this seller. The only thing is I wish they would mail something this small by USPS and not by UPS and train. <end>
 B0000DH7OO  Paw Print 5/8" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Very pretty  These paw pendants were purchased as gifts for graduating seniors. They all loved them. Thanks for the quick and courteous service. <end>  Paw Pendant  Necklace is beautiful! I wanted this as a gift for my daughter, and she wears it proudly. Great quality - I will shop here again. <end>
 B0000DHNVE  Sam Houston State Bearkats "SHSU" 1/8" Charm - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  too small  When I received this product, it was not as I had anticipated. All the charms that I had seen in the store were much larger. I am afraid that it will look funny on my daughters bracelet because of its size. I did not know they made charms so small. <end>
 B0000DYKNI  Black Coral Ring with Opal in 14K Yellow Gold ||	  WOW!!  I love my black coral and opal ring!! I have received many compliments on it! It is represented here exactly as it really looks, which is very refreshing!!My only concern, which I will be contacting the company about, is that it did not come with a letter of authenticity.If one is not forthcoming, I will take my ring to my jeweler's to ensure both stones are authentic. <end>
 B0000DZLBK  Pierced "Horse Head" 3/4" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Beautiful piece of jewelry for horse lovers  It was simply very elegant and my best friend loved it as a birthday gift. Would purchase one for myself maybe for Christmas next year.... <end>
 B0000DZYSB  Sterling Silver TEXAS WOMAN'S UNIV SEAL ||	  Beautiful  I purchased this for my daughter who is a student at Texas Women's University. The quality is excellent and she loved it. <end>
 B0000E0I5A  Louisiana State (LSU) Tigers Pierced "LSU Football" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  lsu gifts  I LOVED THIS ITEM IT WAS EVEN BETTER THAN IT LOOKS ON THE SITE. IT WILL BE A GREAT CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY SON. <end>
 B0000E1B1E  1/4 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Earrings in 14 kt. White Gold (I-J/I1-I2) ||	  Poor  Very poor quaility, dark and cloudy. VERY disappointed. Not worth five cents in my opinion. <end>  Do not buy from szul.com be warned!  I purchased an item from them which shipped late. When it arrived it was not as advertised. you could not even see the diamonds to the naked eye. It was also much smaller than advertised. When I went to return it they charged me a $18 restocking fee which is contrary to their money back guarantee. Don't believe or trust them. My CC company returned the difference because they found szul in the wrong. Don't be fooled. Be warned instead. <end>  Disappointed  I agree...they are very dark and cloudy. Also, one of the earring's back just slides right off. They were really small too. I guess they might be worth the price...too bad I bought them when they were $99. <end>  love them  I bought these 9 months ago and have gotten so much wear out of them. They are small, but very sparkly and simple. These are a great value! <end>  Nice Gift idea  this gift is great, my mother loved them. there a little bit small but i dont now much about dimond earings. The shiping was on time. no problems. <end>  As promised!  The seller delivered as promised and AHEAD of schedule. The earings were as advertised and without defect. Be sure to realize the size of these, they are rather small, but perfect diamond studs. A nice shopping experience! <end>  Beautiful  These stones look so beautiful. I bet my girl would really love 'em. <end>
 B0000E1VW8  Hoops And Rings Jewelry Organizer by Neatnix ||	  As expected...  This functioned just as expected. It's great to have a tray specific for rings. Would like to see Amazon carry the alternate color selections also. <end>
 B0000E1VWE  18 Compartment Jewelry Organizer by Neatnix ||	  Velvet Jewelry Tray  It will serve the purpose. Not as nice as I thought it would be. <end>  Looks like photo  Pretty basic. Useful because the compartments have various sizes. Too small for bracelets or necklaces. Good size for earrings and rings and small stickpins. <end>  Great Product  These trays are an extremely economical and convenient way to store your jewelry. Each piece has its own seperate compartment so your jewelry is always easy to find and does not end up in a massive tangled blob of earrings, chains, and bracelets (you know what I'm talking about). The trays come in many different configurations to hold peices of different sizes and shapes. They definetely aren't fancy but they are decent looking enough to leave on a dresser. I am thrilled I've found these little treasures! A simple solution to a very common and annoying problem. <end>  Jewelry  These are great. I have several to keep my earrings separate. Works well and is stackable for easy storage. Great product. <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The trays are the exact size to fit into my jewelry box. The shapes are perfect for holding a pair of earrings. Each tray has space for 18 pairs. <end>  organizing earrings  Our local container store closed and I needed another jewelery tray. As usual Amazon came to the rescue! This tray is perfect for earrings because the divisions are all different shapes and sizes. <end>
 B0000E1VWF  Necklace Jewelry Organizer by Neatnix ||	  does exactly what you'd expect  I bought these for my wife to organize a bunch of jewelry she inherited. I withheld only one star because the lids don't "snap" in any meaningful way. If the lids helped hold the contents in place a bit better, it would be a perfect 5 stars. <end>  Jewelry container  These are great. I have several to keep my earrings separate. Works well and is stackable for easy storage. Great product. <end>  I can finally see my jewelry!  I've had my jewelry in boxes as far back as I can remember, and is the reason why most of them never got worn. It was always a hassle to have to sift through them, with much of the necklaces being tangled. This completely solves this problem. Velvet fabric is a nice touch, as it's color is rich and makes the pieces stand out. The compartments are nicely sized, some smaller than others for more dainty pieces. I did mark it down one star for it's very flimsy top cover, but at least it came with one. Would have preferred a more solid plastic for added stacking stability, but so far, I am satisfied with it overall. <end>  Excellent, but could be better  Since this is stackable, it would be helpful if the lid sealed. Right now, the "lid" is actually a loose cover that easily slides off. Also, I have necklaces and earrings that match - this container doesn't lend itself to putting them together. It would be great if the manufacturer had long rows for the necklaces with little boxes at the ends for earrings. However, it has a tarnish-resistant lining, stacks neatly, is easy to use and has rows of different sizes which can handle slim chains or bulkier beads. It also comes in three colors (burgundy, blue and gray). I recommend this, particularly as an accompaniment to the earring container. <end>  jewelry organizer  Product was purchased as a group of organizers for a homemade woodworking project. They look nice and really organized her stuff well. I shopped a long time to find this best deal. <end>  Branko-zaljenje  Only one bad thing  I can't got that item (and similar items) because is not available for delivery in Bosnia and Herzegovina-Europe <end>
 B0000E6HAI  Ss 8.25" Rolo Link Bracelet With Heart Shaped Dangle With 4-Leaf Clover Center ||	  Out Of This WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I saw the Rolo Link on amazon and thought it looked beautiful and then after I purchased it and i saw it in real life it was magnificent!!!! I call it my lucky bracelet. And this is the best part, Im always getting complements on it!!! <end>
 B0000E6I1L  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000ERNMW  Ss Oxidized Leaves Design Blue Topaz Ring (Size 7) ||	  Bulky  A lovely design, this ends up being a very bulky ring. It comes up a full centimeter from my finger. Despite this, it is comfortable. The silver has a hard finish which ends up looking a lot like stainless steel. <end>
 B0000ERTGQ  Diamond Accent Hoop Earrings In 14kt Yellow Gold ||	  Pretty but small  Pretty and comfortable, but quite small. I think these earrings were made for a child or early teen. They are quite comfortable and I can sleep in them, but they are very subtle. Good quality. I just wish they were a bit bigger in circumferance. <end>
 B0000ERUK7  16 14k Yellow Gold Multi Jade Barrle Link Necklace With Green Jade Dragon ||	  Not Quite What I was Expecting.....  The item was not quite what I was expecting. Although I knew that the length of the necklace was 16 inches, not seeing the whole necklace in the picture, I assumed that the links of jade were going to be bigger. I was expecting a little more substancial piece. But, after I put the necklace on and wore it for awhile, I was rather surprised by how well the size matching of the jade to the legnth of the overall &quot;fit&quot; the necklace rather well, and it was weighted perfectly. It was a comfortable piece to wear and I grew to love it more after actually wearing it. A thing that I love that I don't think is mentioned is the clasp on the actual dragon is such that it can be removed from this necklace and put on other large necklaces. I have not tried moving it to a strand of pearls, but I would think that it might work!I am giving it a four out of five because of that initial impression was not earth moving, but the piece is really quite nice. If I wear it more and grow to love it more, I may regret not giving it a five! <end>
 B0000ES0XM  .30 Ct. T.W. Diamond Eternity Band In 14kt Yellow Gold. Size 8 ||	  eternity ring  diamond stone fell out less than a month after purchase sent ring back <end>
 B0000ES3LP  7mm Cultured Pearl And .25 Ct. T.W. Diamond Earrings In 14kt White Gold ||	  Worth every penny!  I am very pleased with this product. They are beautiful earrings and the price is very reasonable. <end>
 B0000ES5H2  14kt Italian White Gold Box Chain 16&quot; ||	  Perfect  i ordered a white gold fleur de lis pendant from macy's and found that the chain was not of great quality. when the ross-simons order finally arrived it was the perfect compliment to the pendant. thanks. <end>
 B0000ES5H4  14kt Italian White Gold Box Chain. 18&quot; ||	  Perfect  i ordered a white gold fleur de lis pendant from macy's and found that the chain was not of great quality. when the ross-simons order finally arrived it was the perfect compliment to the pendant. thanks. <end>
 B0000ES6LE  8 14kt. Bracelet 3 Row Pearl And Diamonds ||	  Disappointing quality  I loved the picture of this bracelet in the Ross-Simons catalog so much, I ordered it direct. Now, having received it and looked at it really closely, I can see that the quality of the pearls is poor, and I'm overall disappointed, although the catch is very nice, and it is a secure one. I'm reluctantly going to return it. I would prefer to have spent a little more for better quality. <end>
 B0000ESH0Z  2.00 Ct. T.W. Round Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings In 14kt Yellow Gold ||	  Big  This is really my own fault. They arrived quite quickly but the stones are too big. There is no way they will be anything but huge cubic zirconia studs. Too big for me to wear but I haven't seen the company advertise anything smaller. I thought they would be 2 ct TOTAL weight like other establishments advertise but these appear to be 2 ct for each earring. My mistake I guess. I'll not be wearing them at any rate. <end>
 B0000ET9JJ  Sterling Silver Thin Granulated Ring by Lois Hill, Size 6 ||	  Lovely ring  I purchased this ring as a gift to myself and am delighted with it. I wanted something I could wear anytime and with anything. I have worn this to the office, on the weekends when dressed in jeans, and to a few dinners when dressed more for evening and it compliments everything. The ring is quite feminine and the design unique; however the weight of the ring gives it a durability that stands up to everyday activities. I have been more than pleased with my choice to purchase this ring and would recommend it to other women, or to those men looking for something special, yet not overpriced to give to the women in their lives. <end>
 B0000ETAAY  14k Yellow Gold Satin Diamond-Cut Claddagh Ring, Size 7 ||	  Ring with a lot of meaning  I bought this ring for a friend and she seemed to really apprecite it. the symbols have a lot of meaning and these rings are passed to people as gifts all over the world. <end>
 B0000EVVPE  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Wonderful buy!  We were a bit worried about buying a platinum band over the internet, but it turned out great. We got just what we wanted, a 95% platinum band, with comfort fit at 1/3 of the mall store prices! <end>  can't go wrong with this for the LADIES!!!!!!!!!!  This is the PERFECT RING, especially if your girl is the "simple type"...better yet...It's more than enough if she is...so give her what she deserves...mine loved it...and it looks great, and feels great. PLATINUM... <end>
 B0000EVVQI  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000EVVQS  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  Identical to Tiffany milgrain band  Bought the Tiffancy milgrain band ($1250) and this band. After determing that they were nearly identical (and both are 950 platinum), I decided to return the Tiffany ring and keep the Amazon ring.Since this is comfort fit (the middle of the inside of the band is thicker), if you were sized for a traditional fit ring, order 1/2 size smaller. <end>  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Big Bargain, Outstanding Quality  I purchased this ring as a wedding band. I did a lot of shopping both online and in stores, and found that this series of rings from Amazon.com was the best value. The ring is beautiful! The detail of the milgrain is impeccable, and to get a platinum ring at this price is pretty amazing. <end>
 B0000EVVRW  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000EVWWQ  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000EVWXU  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Lovely band  A comfortable, weighty and attractive band. My husband has worn it for six years, and is happy with it. I like how it looks on him; it's not flashy. He's lost weight so has to be careful to not wear it when gardening or shoveling, it's flown right off his hand sometimes! That's what I mean when I say it's got a decent weight. I would describe this as a very solid ring. <end>
 B0000EVXXE  Men's Titanium and 18k 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Beautiful ring  When the ring came I was very impressed, it looks even better in person than in the picture. Sadly, it was too big and had to be returned, but it would have been loved if it had been the right size. <end>
 B0000SX0CW  14k Yellow Gold Checkerboard Faceted Amethyst (16x12mm) Ring, Size 5 ||	  Gorgeous!!  It is little bit too big of a stone for my long cylinder finger, but I love it. The color is very rich and dark that goes with thick YG. It catches people's eyes. I recommended it is a keeper. PR in Hillsboro, OR. <end>
 B0000SX0EA  14k Yellow Gold Floating Blue Topaz (8x8mm) and Diamond Ring, Size 5 ||	  Incredible  This is one of the most beautiful pieces of jewelry I own. The stone if perfect and the setting different than most you see now, which only makes it better! I get more compliments on this than on any of the jewelry I have gotten from Jareds! <end>
 B0000SX220  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 5 ||	  Diamond fell out six weeks after I received it.  This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary. The ring, itself, is beautiful, and we loved it. My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings. However, less than six weeks after we received this ring (I bought it on April 1, 2004), she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out (on May 17, 2004). She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet. She is so disappointed, and I feel embarrassed, as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry. The ring is now in its box, and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have. Amazon has auto-emailed a response, indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days. I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out. I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon doesn't make repairs to jewelry. I now must call and demand help. Don't buy this ring. <end>
 B0000SX63U  7x7.5mm AA Quality pearl Japanese Akoya cultured pearl necklace 16" ||	  Tiffany and Mikimoto AA quality!!!  I am thrilled with my purchases from American Pearl, but I want to explain why in a way that you can appreciate. This Christmas season I was out to purchase a top quality set of pearls for my wife. She always wanted a beautiful set of pearls. Even when we were looking for engagement rings years ago, she would end up staring at the Japanese Akoya pearls (not that she didn't drool over the diamonds too). This year, I wanted to make her dream come true. Neither of us are fussy about name brands, but we don't compromise on quality. When I am going to make a significant purchase, I like to be an informed consumer (to the extreme in fact). I spent about 2 months learning about pearls, shopping at the best stores (Tiffany & Co. and Mikimoto) and even reading some books on pearls (and visiting forums like pricescope).I have always shopped on Amazon, but shopping for pearls whether Amazon, Ebay or from any online vendor can be risky. There are so many vendors on this site that throw around terms like AA and AAA or AAA+ to describe their pearls. There is no industry accepted standard for grading pearls and merchants are free to set what ever grades they want for their pearls. One merchants A could be another merchant's AAA. Grades are generally useless for comparison shopping. The only way they are relevant is if the merchant is actually benchmarking its grades to Mikimoto (which is the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared). American Pearl's grading system is benchmarked to Mikimoto. The AA pearls that bought from American Pearl are the same quality in all respects to pearls you would buy at Tiffany's or a AA strand from Mikimoto. When you see other vendors selling AAA or AAA+ (a grade they made up themselves) pearls, for substantially less than American Pearl's AA, understand that you are not getting the same quality. You're getting a trumped up strand of what is likely an inferior grade of pearl. I'll put this in some context.Mikimoto mastered the art of culturing akoya pearls over 100 years ago and is still considered the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared. Mikimoto offers very high quality of pearls. The lowest quality pearls sold with the Mikimoto brand still fall within the top 5% of the akoya pearl harvest. To differentiate between the quality of its pearls (and the huge difference in price from its lowest to highest level), Mikimoto created it's own standard for grading Japanese Akoya pearls based on a scale of D, C, B, A1, A, A+, AA and AAA. D and C grade pearls are not jewelry grade and are generally crushed and used for makeup or for other commercial use. At best, they end up as beads in craft stores. Most pearls produced are C grade quality. The next level on the grading system is B quality, which is used in low end jewelry. B quality comprises pearls are typically found at department stores (even higher end ones like Lord & Taylor and Bloomingdale's) and mall jewelry stores. These pearls generally fall in the top 20-6% of the pearl harvest. To expand it's market share, mikimoto created two low end lines of pearls under the brand names Sea Magic (sold at Jared's and other similar stores) and Blue Lagoon (sold at Zales and similar stores). These pearls are blemished and have poor lustre--but are premium priced to capitalize on the brand affiliation with Mikimoto. Aside from the name, these are poor quality pearls that don't meet the standards for sale with the Mikimoto brand. Lustre is the reflection of light off the surface of the pearl. Akoya's pearls are valued on a number for factors, but first and foremost is lustre (the most prized value).Pearl's sold using the Mikimoto branding start with the more familiar A1, A, A+, AA and AAA grades. A1 is the lowest grade pearl that Mikimoto will sell bearing the Mikimoto name. A1 pearls are slightly blemished, and have but have good lustre and medium nacre (skin of the pearl). A is a very slightly blemished and better matched than A1, with good lustre and medium nacre. A+ has very slightly blemished pearls, with very good lustre, and medium to thick nacre. AA is minimally blemished, with excellent matching, excellent lustre and thick to very thick nacre. AAA pearls are flawless, with outstanding matching, outstanding lustre, very thick nacre. In short, AAA pearls is the finest grade of pearls available. AAA strands are also rare. Even Mikimoto stores only have a few strands in their inventory at any given time. Tiffany & Co. is also well known for selling outstanding quality pearls at equal eye watering prices. Tiffany does not have it's own grading system (at least one that it publicly acknowledges), but Tiffany strands are generally AA quality on the Mikimoto grading standard and Tiffany prices its strands directly in line with with Mikimoto AA strands (which would be $5,400 for an 18" 7x7.5mm strand).I was doing some research to find a true equivalent to Tiffany and Mikimoto AA and AAA quality at wholesale prices. American Pearl is a direct importer of pearls and, through a lot of research, I found out that American Pearl is one of the suppliers to Harry Winston and Tiffany!!! AP also has a showroom on Fifth Avenue in NYC, only a few blocks from Tiffany flagship store and Mikimoto's NYC store and has been in business as a B&M; for over 50 years. If you're in NYC, you can comparison shop Miki, Tiffany and American Pearl all in an hour or two. American Pearl's grading system is equivalent to the Mikimoto system. When you buy a AA strand from AP you are getting a strand that is on par with a strand you would buy at Tiffany or a AA strand from Mikimoto. AP also offers strands that are equivalent to Mikimoto AAA (of the very highest order), but these strands cost considerably more.I purchased an entire set (18" 7x7.5mm, bracelet and studs) for my wife for christmas. The set was stunning. My wife wore the studs to tiffany's so we could do a direct comparison to Tiffany's strand. It was a dead match!! I couldn't be any happier. AP gave me exactly what I wanted---Tiffany and Mikimoto AA quality for a below wholesale price. I emphatically give American Pearl my STRONGEST recommendation. <end>
 B0000T2JW8  1/12 ct. tw. Diamond and Opal Pendant in 10K Yellow Gold ||	  10 kt Golld, Opal and Diamond Pendent  I ordered this pendant a little before my wifes birthday and checked free "expedited" shiping. I was dubious about the expedited shipping and thought it would probably take 1-2 weeks to get it, well after my wifes birthday Suprise, the company was as good as their word. The necklace arrived within 2 days and in excellent condition. The pendant is delicate and attractive and the most important thing is my wife loved it. Bottom line  a big thumbs up to vendors that follow through and provide quality merchandise. I wish they all did. Signed  Happy in NM. <end>
 B0000T2PH2  14kt. White Gold, 2 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 6) ||	  Scarafice of quality...you get what you pay for  I bought this ring in the store with a very good color (F) I could see a visible white inclution in the store but only when I looked from the side. I even went out into the mall to look at outside store light. When I got outside there were two huge inclutions in the center stone even visable from a distance and a black inclution in a side stone. SO bottom line...you get what you pay for. Also I saw other rings in the store the same style and price but were L-M color. <end>  not enough info  need the 4 c's please on all of your jewelry <end>
 B0000T2RMU  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 6) ||	  Inspector  looking for a ring in 14k with 2 diamonds and 1 garnet <end>
 B0000T2RN4  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  Inspector  looking for a ring in 14k with 2 diamonds and 1 garnet <end>
 B0000T31AC  14kt. White Gold, 1 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  WOW!  This ring is a beautiful ring...any woman would love to have <end>
 B0000T353K  14kt. Two Tone, 1 ct. tw. Three Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 7) ||	  Too little information  This may be a great ring -- it got me looking. But there is way too little product information, especially for the price! <end>
 B0000T354E  14kt. Two Tone, 1 ct. tw. Three Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  Too little information  This may be a great ring -- it got me looking. But there is way too little product information, especially for the price! <end>
 B0000T3EXQ  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 7) ||	  Never despatched  I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price. If I remember it was offered at $9.99....unbelievable of course and it was. I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they weren't sure when it was going to be in stock again...Not sure why they didn't just say it was a misprint. <end>
 B0000T7R5M  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  Cute  This ring is a lot smaller than it looks. It also contains what appears to be a chip on the inside of the band. However, after going to the store itself, and examining other rings, I came to learn it is just the logo of the ringmaking company. I do wish the logo was not there though. The ring is also too thin for engraving. Overall, the ring is cute and simple. Nothing special. <end>
 B0000TZGIM  Platinum 3/4ctw Princess-cut Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 6 ||	  I said yes!  I am the Mrs - ghost writing this review. The ring is beautiful. I was doing reviews of other stuff we've ordered over the years - it;s been 6 years since he gave me this ring and I love it. It's not gawdy or blingy, like many of my friends rings (not that that is necessarily bad - just saying) I'm a hands-on sort of girl who likes doing messy things - like painting, working on house projects, gardening, extended hiking trips. This ring has proven a durable, stalwart and beautiful symbol of the commitment we made to each other. Highly recommended. <end>
 B0000U0BHC  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (3/8cttw, G, VS2), Size 5 ||	  Definitely worth it!  I received this ring as a replacement for my wedding band and I have to say that it's absolutely gorgeous!The package included the IGI certificate and an appraisal form. I was happy to see that the ring is actually appraised at more than 2.5 times it's cost.The color, cut and total carat weight were better than the minimum requirements for this ring. Not sure if all rings will be better, but atleast the minimums are met and exceeded. <end>
 B0000U2VOI  Size 9 Sterling Large Oval Cubic Zirconia Zig Zag Shank Ring ||	  Absolutly Beautiful  This ring is beautiful and not too expensive. The Best Cubic Zirconia has ever looked! <end>
 B0000UYZJM  Sterling Silver Opal Triplet And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 8 ||	  Extremely nice for the price!  This is a very eye-catching ring and looks like you spent WAY more than $19.99 for it. The stone is a nice deep color with flecks of green and red fire, and the CZs are really sparkly. I also like the fact that the sterling is rhodium plated so that it matches my white gold and platinum jewelry. <end>  really beautiful ring  I bought this ring for my Mom because it's sterling silver as she is allergic to gold. It's a perfect size and the opal triplet is dazzling. I think I'm her favorite son now. <end>  AWESOME OPAL  THE OPAL IN THIS RING IS AWESOME,DOES NOT LOOK LIKE PICTURE,MORE OF A DARK MOOD RING COLOR WITH FLOATING SPECKS OF FIERY COLORS,I HAVE A LOT OF OPALS,SOME SIMULATED,SOME REAL,BUT THIS OPAL TRIPLET IS THE MOST REAL THAT IVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME.I COULD HAVE DONE WITHOUT THE CZS,BUT I WANTED THE OPAL AND IT WAS WELL WORTH THE PRICE. <end>
 B0000V1ABC  Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Perfect fit next to my cathedral setting engagement ring  I'd been looking for some time now for a plain platinum band that would fit properly with my catherdral setting engagement ring. The plain bands I'd seen previously were not thick enough and they appeared as if they would slip under the engagment ring. The profile of this ring matchs up perfectly with my engagement ring. The delievery was extremtly quick. I ordered it with free shipping on a Mon. and it arrived that Wed. I am extremely pleased with the quality, price and service I recieved. <end>  Great ring - but just so you know....  This ring is really beautiful and does look very nice next to a cathedral setting, but it does have the word "AMAZON" stamped on the inside of it. I'm not sure if this is common for all Amazon jewelry, but it's a little tacky especially if it is going to be a wedding band or such. It's easy enough to get scratched off, but some people might be displeased with the engraving on the inside so I figured it was worth noting. <end>  Platinum Band - Great Deal and Fast Shipping  On Monday night I placed my order for the Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Band. I used the "Free" shipping and thought it would take a couple weeks to receive the item. To my surprise, the ring arrived in the mail on Friday (same week).The ring is beautiful and is as described in the item description. Unlike the other review I had read, the band does not say "Amazon" on the inside of the band. I would not hesitate to place an order here again. <end>  Very pleased.....  When this ring arrived, I was very impressed. It was a much larger cross section and higher quality than I expected. It did not say "Amazon" on the inside unlike the previous reviews stated. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  great for small fingers  I love the ring and was amazed at the weight even though it is only2.5mm. Looks amazing on my small fingers. I do agree with the previous writer, the Amazon inscription a little tacky. Mine is only a size 5 so left little room for inscription <end>
 B0000V1ADA  Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Perfect fit next to my cathedral setting engagement ring  I'd been looking for some time now for a plain platinum band that would fit properly with my catherdral setting engagement ring. The plain bands I'd seen previously were not thick enough and they appeared as if they would slip under the engagment ring. The profile of this ring matchs up perfectly with my engagement ring. The delievery was extremtly quick. I ordered it with free shipping on a Mon. and it arrived that Wed. I am extremely pleased with the quality, price and service I recieved. <end>  Great ring - but just so you know....  This ring is really beautiful and does look very nice next to a cathedral setting, but it does have the word "AMAZON" stamped on the inside of it. I'm not sure if this is common for all Amazon jewelry, but it's a little tacky especially if it is going to be a wedding band or such. It's easy enough to get scratched off, but some people might be displeased with the engraving on the inside so I figured it was worth noting. <end>  Platinum Band - Great Deal and Fast Shipping  On Monday night I placed my order for the Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Band. I used the "Free" shipping and thought it would take a couple weeks to receive the item. To my surprise, the ring arrived in the mail on Friday (same week).The ring is beautiful and is as described in the item description. Unlike the other review I had read, the band does not say "Amazon" on the inside of the band. I would not hesitate to place an order here again. <end>  Very pleased.....  When this ring arrived, I was very impressed. It was a much larger cross section and higher quality than I expected. It did not say "Amazon" on the inside unlike the previous reviews stated. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  great for small fingers  I love the ring and was amazed at the weight even though it is only2.5mm. Looks amazing on my small fingers. I do agree with the previous writer, the Amazon inscription a little tacky. Mine is only a size 5 so left little room for inscription <end>
 B0000V1EKE  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1ELS  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1ENG  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1EOK  Platinum 5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Beautiful wedding band that has held up well!  This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band. I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great. We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for. It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men's ring. I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band. Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want. <end>
 B0000V1EPO  Platinum 5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Beautiful wedding band that has held up well!  This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band. I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great. We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for. It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men's ring. I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band. Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want. <end>
 B0000V778C  9mm AAA Quality Japanese Akoya cultured pearl earring studs set in 14K yellow gold ||	  Gorgeous earrings, superb service.  I received these 9mm pearl earrings as a gift from my husband. They are stunning. The luster is like nothing I have seen in the finest jewelry stores, and the size makes a statement. American Pearl provides outstanding service, and also kindly put screwbacks on my earrings at my request. There is no mistaking that these earrings are the finest. I've compared them to Mikimotos and Tiffany and they hold their own. In fact, some expensive jewelry stores carry the lower-grade Mikimotos, at a much higher price. If you are wondering if it's worth it to spend more on Japanese Akoyas, I can honestly say that there is a great difference between the look of these and the look of a Chinese freshwater (potato-shaped, lower luster, white color), or perhaps (gasp!) the fakes, which are a certain cream color. I have compared them to everything. These earrings are gorgeous, elegant, and feminine classics. A wise person I know once advised me to buy the best quality you can afford, and I think there is something to that; it makes you feel good. <end>  These pearls are jewels.  I was looking for pearl earrings for my wife (how many centuries has this gone on?!), and found the choices daunting, at first. Freshwater pearls, South Sea Island pearls, cultured pearls. It takes a bit of looking to begin to see the differences - from, essentially, lovely beads at the economy end, to jewels - truly exquisite objects - at the pricier end. These are jewels - lustrous, beautiful,and as close to perfect (and as perfectly matched) as I can discern. It is a wonderful thing to see them worn, beauty that enhances beauty. I wish that they were less expensive, but it would be a small tragedy if they really were. <end>
 B0000V77VE  Black Dangle Freshwater Cultured Pearl Earrings ||	  Pretty, but pearls are brownish, not blackish  They are quite dainty & pretty, just don't match the necklace I bought to go with them. <end>
 B0000VMCGE  Large Sterling Silver Claddagh Ring ||	  Quality!  I wanted to buy a claddagh ring for my son - and came upon this ring. When it arrived, I really was in awe of just how beautiful it is! It is a larger, more bold ring - definitely more masculine. This is a gorgeous gift for someone looking to buy a quality piece of jewelry for someone they love.It's too bad that the ring will eventually be outgrown because my boy is only 12. Hopefully I can have it resized later or find another one that is this nice! <end>  Perfect  The first review on this ring set my heart on buying it for my boyfriend, and he loved it! The picture isn't nearly as beautiful as the ring is in person, and it's the perfect size for a man to wear. <end>  Claddagh Ring  I ordered this claddagh ring for my boyfriend as a graduation present, and it came in today. (Exactly a week after I ordered it, 2 days before the estimated arrival.) It is absolutely gorgeous! The packaging it came in is perfect for giving it in as a gift. It is the perfect size for a man to wear. I'm afraid it might be a little small, so I'm hoping it'll be able to be resized. But it is of great quality, looks very solid and shiny. I'm very happy with it!I plan to order the smaller one for myself soon, after seeing the quality of this one. So I would definatly order from this company again. <end>  pleased  )  The reviews really made my decision easy. My boyfriend had been wanting a claddagh for a while now, so I took the holiday as an opportunity to get him one. I compared prices and quality a good ammount and this seemed to be the best option. It got a little close to Christmas even though I ordered it Nov 25th. I was worried since the tracking info wasn't updating further than "shipped". I called UPS, USPS, and even emailed Something Silver. UPS and USPS were really no help at all, but the reply from Something Silver seemed geniune and they really wanted to make sure I got what I paid for. The ring came a day later and I was very relieved. Its really beautiful and my boyfriend loves it. <end>  really nice ring  this is a really really nice ring. it's nice and clean looking, wonderful high-polish, and a nice weight to it. perfect for men or any lady who likes a larger ring. <end>  great claddagh ring for a man!  I bought this for my boyfriend based on previous purchasers reviews. They were right! The picture doesn't do it justice. It is a great size and quite manly, which is a little hard to find sometimes with these rings. My boyfriend is a firefighter so he's pretty hard on his jewelry and so far it has held up quite well. <end>
 B0000VMFV6  Kit Heath Celtic Double Trinity Ring ||	  Great ring!  I actually got this ring from an Irish store around my town, but I have to say, it's one of my favorite rings. It's lasted awhile without getting scratched at all and still looks very polished. It's high quality and sturdy. I wear this ring several times a week and just absolutely love it. <end>
 B0000VNWLS  Children's Cuff Bracelet (length  5") ||	  Great For Kids or Small Girlfriends  I got this as an anniversary gift for my girlfriend. She's just five feet tall and has very small wrists. It has always been difficult to find a bracelet that would fit her without sliding up and down her arm. This, however, fit her perfectly. And she loved it. She likes silver and prefers simplistic designs, so this was perfect for her. <end>
 B0000VNWO0  Children's Heart Charm Bracelet (length  5") ||	  Very nice quality childrens bracelet  This is a very nice childrens bracelet for the money. It is very small, only for children under age of 3 unless they have very small wrists as an older child. Shipping was quick,packaged well through shipment. <end>
 B0000VO14U  Route 66 ||	  very nice!!  This charm is very cute! I like fancy stuff, and I think this is fit for my casual clothes. It would be trendy among college girls! The seller is also nice, I'm sure that I'll buy other jewelry from this seller. <end>
 B0000VO618  Horseshoe ||	  Sterling Silver Horseshoe  The product was as expected, very nice and I received it in a timely fashion.....keep up the good work! dawn <end>
 B0000VRFO8  Washington Apple ||	  Bad website  You have got to be one of the most difficult websites to navigate, and the most difficult to find how to contact a person with which to discuss a problem ordering! <end>
 B0000VRG7Y  Sterling Silver Wisconsin Charm ||	  silver WI state charm  came in good protective packaging and was exactly what I expected it to be. thank you for your prompt service. <end>
 B0000VRGBA  Eiffel Tower ||	  I give it 10 stars!!!  This is the most adorable and unique charm I've ever seen. I've never found anything like this and I couldn't pass it up. <end>
 B0000VRGWE  Matte Finish Ring (size  12) ||	  Great product - even better service  After purchasing from Something Silver, I was pleasantly surprised when the order (which had been on sale) arrived three days early. The company was timely, helpful, and create outstanding products. I would recommend their products without hesitation. <end>
 B0000VS0TM  Football Charm ||	  TINY  This was a lot smaller that I had expected, but still an ok item. <end>
 B0000VS5TC  Anatoli Large Garnet Locket ||	  Simply Beautiful.  I recently purchased this locket with a peridot stone. I cannot express how pleased I am with this purchase! Although I was reluctant to pay a premium price for a sterling and semi-precious locket, the craftsmanship is marvelous and the chain by itself would cost $25.00 or more in any jewelry shop.This is truly an heirloom quality piece. Again, I am so happy I went again and purchased a locket by Anatoli... it makes everything look cheap and silly by comparison. <end>
 B0000VWD54  Sterling Silver Iolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS RING  THIS RING IS GORGEOUS AND I CANT BELIEVE I GOT "REAL" IOLITE IN SUCH A PRETTY RING FOR THIS PRICE,USUALLY THE CREATED IOLATE IS MORE.MY HAT'S OFF TO GEMWORKS FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL BUY.THNX GEMWORKS.I LOVE THIS RING. <end>
 B0000VWEL2  Sterling Silver Black And Clear Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  review of company GEMWORKS!!!!!!  i still haven't recieved the product.i found out although i ordered it on 2/12----they DID NOT mail it until 2/26!!!!!!!!i am very VERY UNHAPPY with GEMWORKS COMPANY!!!!!!!i resolve never to do business w/ them again!!!!too bad they are connected w/ AMAZON.com because i have been pleased w/ amazon so far. i hope you let gemworks know about this as i was unable to get thru to them despite 4 e-mails!!!!!!!!!!thankyou-jan <end>
 B0000VWF5W  Sterling Silver And Gold Plated Amethyst Ring Size 6.5 ||	  I am pleased.  I have had the ring for about a month, and wear it almost daily. For the price, it was a good purchase and I am pleased. <end>  I am pleased.  I have had the ring for about a month, and wear it almost daily. For the price, it was a good purchase and I am pleased. <end>
 B0000WLZBG  14kt. Two Tone Reversible Cross Charm ||	  MY DREAM CROSS  I CAN ONLY SAY THAT THIS IS THE CROSS OF MY DREAMS WEAR IT EITHER WAY, GOLD OR WHITE GOLD THEY ARE BOTH EXCEPTIONAL. <end>
 B0000WM2I6  1/4 CT Two-tone Art Deco Diamond Engagement Ring ||	  great ring, not so great service  For the price, the diamond that comes in this setting, i felt was impressive. it has some fire to it, and it's raised in the setting [not shown from the angle that this picture is taken at -- making the ring MUCH taller than one would imagine], to catch light not only from the top, but from the bottom and sides as well.Again, this image is deceiving. The ring is a lot taller than shown here. Overall the rest of the ring is of good quality as well; the gold isn't cheap or flimsy. I liked it, but it was not what I was expecting.The, &quot;expidited shipping&quot; was nothing of the kind. I ordered this ring on the 12th of Dec., which I felt was plenty of time to receive it in time to make my wedding proposal on the 20th; my girlfriend's birthday*. I did make it a point to explain this to Szul, as well as to encourage them to please give me some way to track the shipment.Well, 10 days, about 5 emails and about 15 phone calls later (not to mention several strands of hair pulled out in frustration), I still got no tracking. All they did was try to tell me that the ring would arrive some time between the 17th and the 19th.I think the ring finally did arrive -- on the 22nd.She said yes, by the way, so I do guess the ring was a hit after all the agony of getting it here. <end>  Very nice people but HORRIBLE service  I bought the ring for my wife. She was coming back from a long trip and wanted to surprise her (I never gave her an engagement ring). Exactly because I had read the previous comments I ordered it with time and made sure I picked the right size. You guessed, they sent me the wrong size (they blamed it on amazon).I had nothing but nice treatment from these guys, I sent it back and they promised that I would have it back on Friday. I still had enough time so I did not worry. They had 5 more days after Friday to get it to me (Wednesday). I started calling on Friday, and every time they said I would have it next day. Today is wednesday and, of course, they promise I will have it tomorrow. Too late, I cancelled. I'll let you know how the cancellation worked out. <end>
 B0000WM9CA  Three Stone Sapphire and Diamond Ring ||	  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>
 B0000WMC40  Sapphire Antique Ring ||	  Really pretty setting, but fragile stone.  I really loved this ring. It was gorgeous, but the tanzanite stone came chipped/scratched (I tried returning it to get it fixed, but it came back in the same condition, so I gave up) and later cracked completely in half.  ( I don't wear it anymore, because the stone will likely fall out sooner or later...I'd really recommend this ring (because the setting is so pretty - and so was the tanzanite, before it broke), but only in a stone that's harder (do a wikipedia search for "Mohs hardness") than tanzanite is (sapphire or emerald or ruby or something) <end>  Really pretty setting, but fragile stone.  I really loved this ring. It was gorgeous, but the tanzanite stone came chipped/scratched (I tried returning it to get it fixed, but it came back in the same condition, so I gave up) and later cracked completely in half.  ( I don't wear it anymore, because the stone will likely fall out sooner or later...I'd really recommend this ring (because the setting is so pretty - and so was the tanzanite, before it broke), but only in a stone that's harder (do a wikipedia search for "Mohs hardness") than tanzanite is (sapphire or emerald or ruby or something) <end>
 B0000WMC5E  Sapphire Antique Ring ||	  Really pretty setting, but fragile stone.  I really loved this ring. It was gorgeous, but the tanzanite stone came chipped/scratched (I tried returning it to get it fixed, but it came back in the same condition, so I gave up) and later cracked completely in half.  ( I don't wear it anymore, because the stone will likely fall out sooner or later...I'd really recommend this ring (because the setting is so pretty - and so was the tanzanite, before it broke), but only in a stone that's harder (do a wikipedia search for "Mohs hardness") than tanzanite is (sapphire or emerald or ruby or something) <end>
 B0000WMHT0  Morning Glory Oval Opal & Diamond Ring ||	  Absolutely Beautiful  The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have. The opal is beautiful. The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too. The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first. It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring. If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own. <end>  Gorgeous!  The diamonds sparkle and the opal, which is NOT lab-created, has lovely fire in its pale depths. This ring is lovely! <end>
 B0000WMKA6  Pink Tourmaline and Diamond Engraved Ring ||	  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>
 B0000WMLFA  Peridot and Diamond Heart Shaped MOM Ring ||	  Kindof dinky  Cool. But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child's hand. I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring. <end>
 B0000WMWTU  10kt. White Gold, Amethyst & Diamond Heart Ring (Size 5) ||	  Beautiful, high quality, inexpensive  This was bought for me by my son when he started working full time after graduating. This ring is even more beautiful in person. For the price, why not <end>
 B0000WN7L2  Two-tone Infinity Diamond Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  This ring is beautiful! Everyone that I showed it to thought that I had it custom made. I was worried about diamond quality and size at only 1/2C for 7 diamonds, but they are white and clear and huge (almost too big- at some angles overwhelm the infinity- much bigger in person than pictured). My only concern is the elevated twist and larger diamonds make it look a bit feminine. But this ring has everything I ever wanted and looks like the drawings my husband and I made of our dream ring. I am going to a jeweler to see if I can have the twist inset since it is a separete piece. Otherwise, diamonds are mounted flat and ring is absolutely stunning. Can't beat the price anywhere usually runs $600+ (I've been watching this ring for our anniversary for 4 years!). Completely recommend.Since purchasing, I took the ring to a jeweler and had the raised infinity section lowered into the band. They only charged $75 (and I had picked it up during a $50 off sale!) and it looks exquisite and masculine. My husband loves it and we still can't get over the fact that I found the ring he designed online. <end>  Perfectly Beautiful Ring!  Both I and my new husband love this ring! It is elegant, unique, and tasteful - yet manly! (And that's a tall order...) It is the perfect ring for my new husband! He's received MANY compliments on it. It's not too flashy or gaudy, very tasteful. We are extremely pleased with this purchase. (I was very hesitant to buy something as important as our WEDDING ring online without actually seeing it.) The diamonds are beautiful. I am not a jeweler, but I don't see any flaws in the ring. It is quality craftsmanship. <end>
 B0000WWTKM  Sterling Silver Garnet Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Stunner, especially for the price  This is a gorgeous bracelet that looks beautiful when I'm wearing red, dark pink and any burgundy colors. The color of the stones works with all kinds of pink and red ranges.It has a great, very secure clasp. And best of all, the price is right! <end>
 B0000WWUT2  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz & Sapphire Ring Size 7 ||	  Nice Ring!  I ordered this ring because my birthstone is a sapphire and my husband's birthstone is blue topaz... so, for sentimental reasons. But I love it for more than that! It's nice and heavy, good quality and I love the cut of the middle stone. My only reason for the 4 stars is the silver setting around the sapphires are a little "off". But overall, a very nice ring! <end>
 B0000WWUTM  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz & Sapphire Ring Size 9 ||	  Nice Ring!  I ordered this ring because my birthstone is a sapphire and my husband's birthstone is blue topaz... so, for sentimental reasons. But I love it for more than that! It's nice and heavy, good quality and I love the cut of the middle stone. My only reason for the 4 stars is the silver setting around the sapphires are a little "off". But overall, a very nice ring! <end>
 B0000WWVS2  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Amethyst And White Topaz Ring Size 11.5 ||	  Silver Ring  I do love the ring, however, I was sent a garnet and not an amethyst. I didn't send back because of the shipping and handling charges. The ring is pretty but I did want the amethyst. I have received many compliments on it however. A good purchase for the price. <end>
 B0000X59LM  .25 CT TW (I-J/I3) Diamond Stud Earrings in 14K White Gold ||	  Very clear  These earrings were very clear and sparkley for the price. Great pair of earrings! <end>  Stay away!  The picture you are looking at is not what you get. First of all you cannot screw the end into the earring as the picture suggests. Second, it is such bad quality that you will lose the earring very soon.That's what happened to me. I have a pair of similar looking ones that only cost me $2. Even those are better quality.If this is supposed to be a gift to somebody better get the $2 ones. <end>  Diamond Stud Earrings  The item was OK, but not great. The backs of the earring arevery fragile and easily bent. <end>  earrings  The earrings are lovely. The only problem I have had is the butterfly clasps that came with the earrings. The first time I wore them one of the earrings fell out! I did notice the clasp was loose when I put the earrings on, but I didn't expect it to fall off. Luckily I realized the loss before leaving the house and found the earring. I'd hate to lose the lovely anniversary gift my husband surprised me with. <end>  GORGEOUS!  I just got these earrings and i was suprised at how beautiful they are! , and they are bigger than i expected , very nice packaging complete with gift bag and tissue paper! , I will defintaly recommend and buy from luxuria again! <end>  it's a good deal!  very simple yet nice & sparkling. bought these for my 2nd piercing so the size is just perfect,otherwise,it's quite small to be noticed if you try to wear the pair alone. <end>
 B0000YUR7W  Forzieri DiFulco Line Gold Screw Stainless Steel Link Bracelet ||	  DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR  I bought a forzieri bracelet for my boyfriend this past christmas (2004) it is a version of the bracelet on this page.It was approximately $300 and one of the links broke almost IMMEDIATELY, we sent it to forzieri to get fixed (you have to ship it to Italy), and quite a few weeks later we got it back, problem fixed you would think no? NO! It broke again, same place, same problem a few months later. We sent it in early June once more to be fixed and have STILL NOT RECIEVED IT BACK. Upon them recieving it they sent me an e-mail promising it back in about a month!! I am writing this review on September 7th 2005 and the last contact I've had with them was 8/8 and I've sent a handful of e-mails since then with virtually no response, and when they do respond it's just to tell me it'll be a 'little while' longer.If you do decide to purchase from this company my advice is to be prepared to have it break, and pay for repairs locally if you want to keep it, because their repairs don't last and they take months. <end>
 B0000ZC2QK  Necklace, 'Ping Pong Trio' 16.5" L ||	  Makes a Great Gift  Gave this piece to my wife and the gift succeeded with flying colors. Novica ships with special packing and artisan bios. very nice touch. <end>
 B0000ZU38E  Jewelry Stax 3 Compartment, Midnight Blue ||	  Awesome!  this item has really helped me keep track of my stuff when I travel and can be put anywhere. <end>
 B00011T1HG  14Kt Yellow Gold Solitaire Diamond Ring ||	  Picture is a throw off  Don't let the size of the ring in the picture intimidate you it is not really that big and shiny and the sellers are horrible they wont take back the product no matter what they're guarantee really says...The ring is nice if you plan on giving it to a little girl but the size of the diamond is SUPER TINY! not worth the price AT ALL! <end>
 B00011TCUC  14Kt White Gold Exquisite Diamond Heart Pendant ||	  Very pretty!  I am not a fan of big, bulky jewelry. This pendant is on the smaller side so I was very pleased with the size of the heart itself. For the price, the diamonds are of good quality and the necklace itself sparkles. My only complaint with the pendant is that the loop the chain goes through is nearly the same length of the heart itself. I guess it's designed that way so you can wear it with just about any thickness of chain you like (since there isn't one included). <end>
 B00011V2FA  Bracelet, 'Sterling Orbits' 7.5" Inner Circ. x 0.5" W ||	  Better than expected!  Hard to believe, but it looks better than in the picture. Big and bold and beautiful! Well made bracelet. Love it! <end>
 B00011VAGQ  Moonstone and amethyst earrings, 'Teardrop' 0.6" W x 1.8" H x 0.6" D ||	  Breathtaking  I purchased these as a mothers day gift, and they are even more beautiful in person. Excellent quality. <end>
 B000126XQC  Carnelian necklace, 'Fiery Splendor' 2" W 24" L ||	  Spectacular Necklace  I hadn't heard of Novica before, but after purchasing this gorgeous sterling silver, carnelian and garnet necklace, I will definitely be looking at their other jewelry on Amazon.comThe necklace is beautifully made and is even lovelier than described. The artist (and I must say he is definitely a "one of a kind" artist) in Bali  I Wayan Sarjana, has learned his skill well, working with Sterling Silver and producing spectacular pieces of jewelry that are not often found in shops today, except maybe in high end boutiques or deparment stores that feature "one of a kind" pieces and charge at least 10 times the amount for a piece like this.When I received my necklace (which arrived quite quickly even though it was sent from Bali), and opened the package, I couldn't believe how beautiful and well-made it was. It was packaged in a special box (obviously made in Bali also), and it included a nice letter from the artist. What a thrill!Can't say enough good things about this purchase. Thank you Novica and thank you to the wonderful artist, Mr. Sarjana especially, and to Amazon.com for bringing these beautiful items to sell on your website. <end>
 B000127352  Unique Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings, 'Peaceful Doves' 1.4" W X 1.8" L ||	  BEST EARRINGS EVER!!!!  I lost one of these earrings. It's been a long time. I haven't gotten over it. Therefore, I had to re-purchase.I can't wait to receive them, so i can be whole, again! Hahaaa! I used to sleep in them, swim in them. i think i snagged one & that's how i lost it.who knows?Love this artist, as well. I have 3 pairs of his earrings. i bought one pair, as a gift, for a dear friend.But, i bought them from [...] & saved several dollars. <end>
 B00012A5WK  Garnet and rose quartz necklace, 'Love Rose' 17.3" L ||	  exquisite!!!  i purchased this necklace a couple of months ago,and was very suprised. this was my first purchase from novica and was glad to see the jewelry is even more beautiful in person than on the page. I will most certainly purchase from them again. <end>
 B00012A8GS  Bracelet, 'Pink Crystals' 3" W 3" L ||	  very nice  I was plesantly surprised at how nice this item was, even the box it came in was great, not the usual carboard with gold foil, but a jewlery box in it's own right. The lady who the bracelet was for absolutly loved it. <end>
 B00012ALHO  Blue Floral Choker, 'Delicate in Blue' 5" W 5" L ||	  lovely  I was looking for something unique to compliment a blue dress for my upcomming engagement photos and I think I nailed it, truly lovely and one of a kind, I wore it to work the day I got it and was getting complements all day! my soon to be mother-in-law said she might even buy one. <end>  Really, Really Lovely  A stunning, understated piece of high imagination and quality. I literally have nothing blue, yet this goes with so much. Black, white, chocolate-colored tops, and equally as beautiful with jeans as a black velvet skirt. This is my first order from Novica but won't be my last! <end>
 B00012B32Q  Turquoise and agate jewelry set, 'Dream Catcher' 21" L ||	  Nice jewelry, poor necklace  The pendant and earrings were beautiful but the necklace(cheap fake leather cord) left little to be desired. Had to purchase a separate necklace. <end>
 B00012BZ2E  1.00 ct.tw Princess-cut Solitaire Ring 18k ||	  DIAMANTES DIAMANTES  I LOVE DIAMONDS, IN THIS CASE THERE WAS NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION FOR ME TO EVALUATE DIAMON GETS 5 DESCRIPTION 0. <end>
 B00012BZ38  1.00 ct.tw Princess-cut Solitaire Ring 18k ||	  DIAMANTES DIAMANTES  I LOVE DIAMONDS, IN THIS CASE THERE WAS NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION FOR ME TO EVALUATE DIAMON GETS 5 DESCRIPTION 0. <end>
 B00012CTZG  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Fantastic Ring  I was a little nervous to place an order for a ring online. However, since there is a 30 day return policy and because my fiance really liked the look of this, I gave it a try. It arrived quickly. We used super-saver shipping, and it was shipped UPS sign-in-person delivery--it wasn't just left on our doorstep. The ring is very nice--heavy when compared to the rings we looked at in jewelry stores. It is in perfect condition-not blemishes at all. Overall, a better ring for a much better price than anything we saw in a store. <end>
 B00012CVTK  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Solid, beautiful ring  I was a little leary in buying a ring from Amazon, sight-unseen, but my fiance's decision to try it and the 30-day return policy made it easy. The ring came on a Wednesday after ordering on a Saturday. It came in a jewelry box (blue velvet) which I was worried about. I took it out of the box to present to my fiance and the first thing I did was look on the inside and there I saw 'PLAT' stamped. I dropped it into the palm of my hand and was immediately impressed with the weight and heft of this ring. It slipped on nicely and looked wonderful. Unfortunately I had to take it off him and fought for a while, deciding we might want to go up 1/2 a size.I returned the ring and within 3 days, the CC was credited and I bought the 2nd ring, this time in the right size. This style of platinum ring was $1300-1600 at our local jeweler. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Amazon as a source for fine jewelry. <end>  Just make sure someone's home to sign for it!  It's true what the others are saying - it is a weighty, solid ring. A beautiful piece of platinum. There is no "Amazon" name or logo on the inside of it, so I worried about that previous customer's comment for nothing. Have it shipped to where you work though... or be sure someone (an adult) is home to sign for it, per the rules at UPS. <end>  You get what you pay for...  Pros  Modern, elegant design. Price.Cons  Wear, beveled edge is sharp, and "amazon" engraving (see my pics in the gallery)Overall  It's a very nice looking ring out of the box. I love the design, and I've seen similar rings costing 3-4 times the price. That said I'm disappointed with how it's aging. As you can see from the pics, it seems very susceptible to scuffing and scratching. I also think that the exterior beveled edge is too sharp. It causes the ring to occasionally catch on material (when putting on shirts, etc.).If I could I'd probably return it, but I'm passed the 30 day limit now, so I'll have to live with its imperfections. As the title says, I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Very nice ring  I just received the ring and it's beautiful. I was very nervous about this "Amazon" stamp some other reviewers had mentioned, but upon inspection I don't see it. All that is stamped inside is "PLAT". Not sure if they stopped stamping the rings with "Amazon" inside or what, but it's definitely not on this particular ring.The ring is heavy (as it should be for platinum) and was exactly what I was looking for. After finding it here I went to a bunch of jewelers and although some had a few that were slightly similar, they weren't what I wanted. I'm very happy I went out on a limb and decided to get this. The 30-day return policy is comforting because you know you can take a look at it, feel it and than make a decision. The moment I took it out of the box and tried it on I knew I was keeping it.If this is the style of ring you are looking for, than I highly recommend it (especially for the price). Other 6mm platinum rings can go for hundreds more dollars at jewelers. <end>  Fine Piece of Platinum  This ring I received a few days ago. I concerned about buying jewelry on the net. Took a chance and I am completely satisfied with the product. It looks elegant and you can feel the weight of the Platinum. N.B. Be sure to measure your ring size at you local jeweler befor buying online. Saves having to return and reduces your doubts. <end>  Amazon is in fact stamped on the ring  I wanted to help clarify the question about the inside stamping on the ring. Yes, it is stamped "PLAT" for platinum, and yes, it is stamped "Amazon" for Amazon.com. I would have really preferred the ring without the Amazon stamp on the inside, but it is a nice ring. I'm still trying to decide if the fit is right, but it looks great. <end>  Amazon stamp  I recently purchased this ring, and I must say that it is nice. The only problem is that the words "Amazon" are engraved on the inside of the ring, so if you want to place your own engraving it will be tough. I emailed customer support, and there is no way to purchase a ring without the "Amazon" stamp. <end>
 B00012CVZE  14k White Gold 6mm Hammered Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  14K White Gold Hammered Ring purchased from Amazon  The picture doesn't do this ring justice. I was very skeptical of buying it because the price was so low. Yes I've shopped around A LOT! So..for the money, definitely worth it. Comfort fit and sizing is pretty true to normal sizing. The word amazon is however stamped on the inside of the band if that's going to bother you. Otherwise go for it! <end>  Georgous  This ring is wonderful. It looks excellent on my husband's hand and is definatly worth the money! <end>  Great ring  I looked at similar rings at local jewelry stores ranging from $500-$700 and decided to go a different route. I found this ring and thought it was a good deal and went ahead and purchased it. It turned out to be a GREAT deal! It is a quality white-gold ring with good detail and does not have AMAZON stamped on the inside. It is a good weight without being heavy. My new husband loves it! <end>  Very nice ring  Good quality. Nice finish. Good for a man that uses his hands alot. <end>  Good product. Slow shipping  The ring is sturdy enough and hasn't shown any signs of decay. While the product was great the shipping was not. We intended to use this for my wedding but the order was back ordered and amazon didn't tell me. Here we were getting married and we had no idea when the ring was coming. I had to use a dummy ring for the ceremony and this ring arrived about 1-2 weeks later. This is the third time amazon has done something like this to my husband and he refuses to shop here anymore. <end>  Great Ring, Great Price!  I am very pleased with this ring. No surprises when I opened the package, as the ring looks exactly as it is presented on the Amazon website. Excellent quality and an excellent price! It was nice to have such a large selection to choose from on Amazon, and at this price I saved enough to purchase a 'backup' in case I lose the first one! I looked at similar rings in brick and mortar jewelry stores, and I have to say that their prices are MUCH higher.I can also attest to the fact that 'Amazon' does not appear anywhere on the ring. The only thing on the inside is the stamp 'W_14K' to indicate the material composition of the ring.Purchase this ring; you won't be disappointed. <end>  Great ring  After losing my first wedding band (long story) I looked around the web and found this one. Thanks to Amazon Prime I got it right away. I've been extremely happy with this ring. I like it so much more than my original. The color, shine, and texture are all very nice. I think this ring has a sophisticated, but not flashy look. Also, it doesn't have Amazon or anything similar stamped on the inside. It does have "W_ 14k" stamped on the inside, but that's it. Anyway, a great ring. <end>  My Mikey likes it!!  This ring exceeded our expectations. Came very quickly and my fiance, Mikey, is very anxious to wear it. Packaged very nicely. <end>  Simply Elegant and Handsome  I just received the ring I ordered for my future husband and it is PERFECT!! <end>  GREAT RING, GREAT PRICE  NO AMAZON PRINTED ON THE INSIDE OF MY RING. I LOST MINE AT THE BEACH AND FOR THE PRICE TO REPLACE IT I AM VERY VERY HAPPY WITH THIS ONE! AFTER LOOKING IN LOCAL JEWLERY STORES FOR THEM TO ORDER ONE SIMILAR TO THIS ONE I WOULD HAVE PAID ALMOST DOUBLE THE PRICE. LOVE IT <end>
 B00012CW0S  14k White Gold 6mm Hammered Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  14K White Gold Hammered Ring purchased from Amazon  The picture doesn't do this ring justice. I was very skeptical of buying it because the price was so low. Yes I've shopped around A LOT! So..for the money, definitely worth it. Comfort fit and sizing is pretty true to normal sizing. The word amazon is however stamped on the inside of the band if that's going to bother you. Otherwise go for it! <end>  Georgous  This ring is wonderful. It looks excellent on my husband's hand and is definatly worth the money! <end>  Great ring  I looked at similar rings at local jewelry stores ranging from $500-$700 and decided to go a different route. I found this ring and thought it was a good deal and went ahead and purchased it. It turned out to be a GREAT deal! It is a quality white-gold ring with good detail and does not have AMAZON stamped on the inside. It is a good weight without being heavy. My new husband loves it! <end>  Very nice ring  Good quality. Nice finish. Good for a man that uses his hands alot. <end>  Good product. Slow shipping  The ring is sturdy enough and hasn't shown any signs of decay. While the product was great the shipping was not. We intended to use this for my wedding but the order was back ordered and amazon didn't tell me. Here we were getting married and we had no idea when the ring was coming. I had to use a dummy ring for the ceremony and this ring arrived about 1-2 weeks later. This is the third time amazon has done something like this to my husband and he refuses to shop here anymore. <end>  Great Ring, Great Price!  I am very pleased with this ring. No surprises when I opened the package, as the ring looks exactly as it is presented on the Amazon website. Excellent quality and an excellent price! It was nice to have such a large selection to choose from on Amazon, and at this price I saved enough to purchase a 'backup' in case I lose the first one! I looked at similar rings in brick and mortar jewelry stores, and I have to say that their prices are MUCH higher.I can also attest to the fact that 'Amazon' does not appear anywhere on the ring. The only thing on the inside is the stamp 'W_14K' to indicate the material composition of the ring.Purchase this ring; you won't be disappointed. <end>  Great ring  After losing my first wedding band (long story) I looked around the web and found this one. Thanks to Amazon Prime I got it right away. I've been extremely happy with this ring. I like it so much more than my original. The color, shine, and texture are all very nice. I think this ring has a sophisticated, but not flashy look. Also, it doesn't have Amazon or anything similar stamped on the inside. It does have "W_ 14k" stamped on the inside, but that's it. Anyway, a great ring. <end>  My Mikey likes it!!  This ring exceeded our expectations. Came very quickly and my fiance, Mikey, is very anxious to wear it. Packaged very nicely. <end>  Simply Elegant and Handsome  I just received the ring I ordered for my future husband and it is PERFECT!! <end>  GREAT RING, GREAT PRICE  NO AMAZON PRINTED ON THE INSIDE OF MY RING. I LOST MINE AT THE BEACH AND FOR THE PRICE TO REPLACE IT I AM VERY VERY HAPPY WITH THIS ONE! AFTER LOOKING IN LOCAL JEWLERY STORES FOR THEM TO ORDER ONE SIMILAR TO THIS ONE I WOULD HAVE PAID ALMOST DOUBLE THE PRICE. LOVE IT <end>
 B00012FFN4  Jewelry Stax 18 Compartment, Midnight Blue ||	  Jewelry Stax  Jewelry Stax - 18-compartment Earring Tray - (Midnight Blue)I bought a jewelry armoire recently with several EMPTY drawers. These organizers (I purchased several different ones) were just the thing needed to make the armoire work. They are sturdy, flocked, and of fairly good quality. They are perfectly divided in a way to really "organize" my jewelry as they should. I can now quickly scan my collection and actually find the item I am seeking. Another great feature is that they "stack" so in the deeper drawers of that armoire I can double up.These are great - glad I found them. <end>  Does the job!  This jewelry organizer does the trick and it is a good price. It is not cheap looking when it arrives and I have had no problems with this one or similar items from Neatnix. <end>
 B00012NZ5O  Men's sterling silver braided bracelet, 'Passion' ||	  wonderful bracelet  this bracelet is very beatiful and very good quality,silver,very good,very elaborate and complete,the toggle-claps is very safe,very elegant,i am very pleased with my bracelet,thanks <end>
 B00012PVYM  14Kt White Gold Sleek Milano Chain ||	  great service at jewelrydays.com  I bought this item as a chain for the taurus pendant.The chain looks good and serves its purpose. <end>
 B00012PWTQ  14Kt Yellow Gold Distinctive Slab Men's Bracelet ||	  Not so great  Sent this back right away. The tongue and box clasp was very poorly made and seemed to be warped. Also It was a significantly less gram weight than stated in the ad (by over 2 oz. less.) I understand that weight said "approximate" but with the price of gold - over 2 oz. less is a SEVERE rip-off!!! <end>
 B00013899K  Sharper Image "Design" Ultrasonic Jewelry Cleaner ||	  Happy Woman  I bought this ultrasonic jewelry cleaner because I was sick of going to my jewelers to get me ring cleaned every week. Well now I do not have to go any where but home to clean my rings. But this doesn't only clean rings beautifully it also cleans metal watches like you wouldn't believe. My husband has a stainless steel watch that was leaving black marks on his wrist from being so dirty. I put it in the tray for watches and then in the cleaner. To our amazement his watch came out as clean as the day I bought it for him.The only think that I noticed that is wrong with the cleaner is that when it is running there is a mist of water the will seep out but that is solved easily with a simple piece of paper towel underneath to catch the water.I have also found out that if you add a little bit of fantastic to the water your jewelry comes out even cleaner.I hope this review has helped you. <end>  Does the Job Well  I bought this for $30 reconditioned and at that price it is worth it. I used to clean my rings / watches with Wright's jewelry cleaner (the blue liquid in a jar with the brush) that I bought in the supermarket. I decided to give this a try. All you need is water and teaspoon of household ammonia (although Sharper Image came out with a new cleaner with more expensive cleanser / cleanser refill kits available). This model works fine with just the water and household ammonia.It takes about five minutes to run through a cycle. I was expecting it to actually agitate the water and make waves. Instead, the water in the reservoir tank just stands still and the machine makes loud clicks (like a bug zapper).It does indeed make gold and silver sparkle. It seems to work better on chains / textured jewelry and produces a great shines. The only disappointment is it seems to take multiple cycles to get built up soap from the shower out of the crevices in one my rings. It does do an outstanding job on stainless steel watchbands. The owner's manual warns about using this with soft stones or expensive jewelry with delicate settings. <end>
 B00013TOX0  10kt. White Gold, Blue Topaz & Diamond Ring (Size 5) ||	  beautiful ring for a good price  great ring for a decent price. <end>
 B00013U8TY  Sterling Silver Heart-Shape Amethyst Ring Size 5.5 ||	  Beautiful and unique ring  Really beautiful and uniquely designed ring. The stones are a light purple color. The ring is well made and exactly as pictured. <end>
 B00013U8UI  Sterling Silver Heart-Shape Amethyst Ring Size 5.5 ||	  Beautiful and unique ring  Really beautiful and uniquely designed ring. The stones are a light purple color. The ring is well made and exactly as pictured. <end>
 B00014Q608  PalmBeach Jewelry 3.80-Carat Round Genuine Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Solitaire Ring ||	  Just like it looks in the picture, but better!  This is a beautiful ring, with a clear, bright blue topaz. The stone I received has no visible inclusions, and is a vivacious bright blue. The band is wide, but attractive and very comfortable (I may start purchasing wider bands, it's so comfy!). WELL WORTH THE PRICE! A great gift at this cost, or just go ahead and spend a few dollars on yourself, like I did (well, assuming you're a woman that wears a size 5.5 or 6 ring). One note - I wear a 5.5, and the size 6 ring fit perfectly, so if you're worried, buy the next half size up. <end>  color  The product was nice, but I was looking for a darker stone. If you want a nice medium blue stone, this is a great deal. <end>
 B00014Q6DK  PalmBeach Jewelry 3.80-Carat Round Genuine Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Solitaire Ring ||	  Just like it looks in the picture, but better!  This is a beautiful ring, with a clear, bright blue topaz. The stone I received has no visible inclusions, and is a vivacious bright blue. The band is wide, but attractive and very comfortable (I may start purchasing wider bands, it's so comfy!). WELL WORTH THE PRICE! A great gift at this cost, or just go ahead and spend a few dollars on yourself, like I did (well, assuming you're a woman that wears a size 5.5 or 6 ring). One note - I wear a 5.5, and the size 6 ring fit perfectly, so if you're worried, buy the next half size up. <end>  color  The product was nice, but I was looking for a darker stone. If you want a nice medium blue stone, this is a great deal. <end>
 B00014ZI4S  Onyx ring, 'Dark Mirror' 9.0 (US Ring Size) ||	  Lovely piece for the price  I received this ring only a few days ago, and have been getting compliments every time I wear it. It's quite an interesting piece, and is very well made and finished. Quite a bargain at the price, I believe! Also, the packaging in which it arrived is novel, and would add to the overall effect of using Novica items as gifts. Very pleased! <end>  A beautiful piece but....  As I wrote above this is a beautiful piece of jewlery but it only comes in a size 9. I did not know this when I ordered it. When I reviewed the web site I could not find a statement that said anything about being available in one size only. Now I have a ring I cannot not wear. <end>
 B000158VTQ  Sterling Silver Gold Plated With Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  Beautiful but HUGE  This ring was so beautiful. This ring was a MONSTER sitting on my finger. Sent it back. 5 STARS to the company for IMMEDIATE refund. They were wonderful. Would absolutely purchase from them again, without hesitation. I will read the DESCRIPTION better next time! <end>
 B00015CE2Q  Marquis by Waterford Sweet Memories Ring Holder ||	  Just what I wanted.  This Ring Holder came just as advertised. I was really happy with, but more importantly, my wife was happier! It is just the right size to put where ever you want and it also holds earrings on it as well. Definitely worth the money. <end>  wonderful  My wife loves this gift. Perfect as a consistent place to put her wedding ring when she is not wearing it. <end>
 B00015EGI6  Sara Blaine Designer Handcrafted Sterling Silver and Blue Topaz Bracelet with Toggle Clasp ||	  I'm in serious love  This bracelet is absolutely stunnig in it's simplicity. I love the scrollwork designs on the toggle clasp and i say I am in love with this bracelet because since i recieved it, 4 days after ordering it, I have not taken it off and I am searching for more blue topaz and silver jewelry. <end>  LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT!!!!  I can not explain how much I love this bracelet!!! This is such a unique and eye-catching piece that can be worn anywhere. Definitely worth the money- solid, heavy and beautiful!! Great customer service also!!! <end>
 B00015EJKQ  Mallorca Pearl Gold Plated Brass With Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7.5 ||	  BEAUTIFUL RING  THE PICTURE DOES NOT DO THIS RING JUSTICE.THE RING HAS A BEAUTIFUL GOLD FINISH AND THE PEARL AND STONES ARE GORGEOUS. IT IS SO COMFORTABLE TO WEAR AND LOOKS LIKE IT COST A HUNDRED DOLLARS OR MORE. I LOVE THIS RING.THANKS GEMWORKS FOR GIVING US SENIORS ON LIMITED INCOME BEAUTIFUL ITEMS AT AFFORDABLE PRICES.BUY THIS RING,YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED. <end>
 B00015EJLA  Mallorca Pearl Gold Plated Brass With Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 9 ||	  BEAUTIFUL RING  THE PICTURE DOES NOT DO THIS RING JUSTICE.THE RING HAS A BEAUTIFUL GOLD FINISH AND THE PEARL AND STONES ARE GORGEOUS. IT IS SO COMFORTABLE TO WEAR AND LOOKS LIKE IT COST A HUNDRED DOLLARS OR MORE. I LOVE THIS RING.THANKS GEMWORKS FOR GIVING US SENIORS ON LIMITED INCOME BEAUTIFUL ITEMS AT AFFORDABLE PRICES.BUY THIS RING,YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED. <end>
 B00015FU9U  Child's Diamond Heart Locket ||	  A big disappointment.  I received this "locket" in the mail yesterday. It is teeny-tiny and gold filled. I believe I paid $55.00 + shipping for a piece of cheesy costume jewelry, that used to be available in a Five & Ten store. I was hoping this gift would become an heirloom that she could pass down to her own little girl. I am afraid it is a piece of junk. It would behoove the vender to say in the ad that it is gold filled. The locket is so miniscule that I can't imagine any photo or piece of a photo fitting in it. Quel dommage!!! <end>
 B00015VKWG  Blomdahl Mini White Pearl Earrings 4mm ||	  Blomdahl Earrings A Life Saver  My daughter's ears became irritated due to a metal allergy. I learned about the allergy free properties of Titanium earrings and bought the 4mm pearls. The irritation cleared up and she's able to wear earrings again. I am planning to order the plastic post ones for her, too. <end>  I can wear earrings again!  I haven't been able to wear earrings for about the past year, due to high sensitivity to the metals - though I've tried everything, no matter what I would do within a couple of hours, my ears would be burning.These are wonderful - absolutely no reaction whatsoever, they look beautiful, they feel great, and I am thrilled!! Now I am definitely going to buy more styles! <end>  Wonderful  Pros These are one of the few earrings I can wear all the time without irritating my ears.They are cute (they're pretty small) but they look nice on my small ears.I've gotten a few compliments about how nice the "pearls" are.Cons The backs come off too easily. I've had the backs come off numerous times until I lost one of the earrings.Despite the cons I am buying a second pair to replace my lost earring.If you have metal allergies, these are great everyday earrings. <end>  Nice Earrings. No more ear infections.  Nice Earrings. No more ear infections. Perfect for sensitive ears. Small size is perfect for young child. Beautifully crafted and presented. Brought joy and relief to my daughter with very sensitive ears. <end>  Good deal  I liked these earrings a lot. The fit well and were light weight. Good deal and look nice. That's all. <end>
 B00016PUSU  Sapphire and Diamond Earrings in 14K White Gold ||	  Microscopic...  I picked these out months ago as a suggestion for my fiance. Online they look gorgeous, and maybe if I got a microscope they'd look as pretty in person. I had to put them in my second hole because they looked ridiculous in the first. My fiance's incredibly disappointed because they are non-returnable. For this price I didn't think they would be huge, but I thought they might be at least visibly discernable with the naked eye. <end>  pretty, but tiny  Like the title says, very pretty, but it's tiny. I expected little diamonds, but the whole thing is MAYBE a quarter inch long. Adequate only for a child's ears. I'll have to go elsewhere for my wife's valentine's day present.  ( <end>  Picture here taken under a microscope!  OMG ... they are extremely tiny - Do not go by the picture . It is a 5-6x magnified version of whats in the box.Pretty for a 3-4 year old!If you are looking forward to seeing the 4 diamonds and the sapphire on your own "adult" ears even in a mirror - forget it - Not VISIBLE! <end>
 B00017WRKS  Sterling Silver Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 6.5 ||	  EXQUISITE FINE BEAUTIFUL  I OWN THIS RING AND THE PENDANT TO MATCH.BOTH ARE JUST ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL. IT MATCHES WITH ALL MY WHITE GOLD,AND THE RHODOLITE STONES ARE PRETTIER THAN MY RUBIES. LISTEN UP LADIES,THIS IS A KEEPER,THIS IS A WINNER. <end>
 B00017WRT4  Sterling Silver Iolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 8 ||	  Leticia  This is a very nice ring for this price. The stone is suspended in a bridge-like style. It gives the impression of a very expensive ring. It looked really large to me in the picture, but it is of average size. If you like Iolite, you will really appreciate it. <end>  Love this ring !!!  This ring is really an eye catcher as the other person said that reviewed it, it looks real big but it is a perfect size,I would like to buy it in a larger size for someone else hint gemworks !!! <end>
 B00017WS9S  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Ring Size 5.5 ||	  Lovely  This ring has a lovely sheen to it. It took my breath away when I opened the box. It is very comfortable. However, you should know that it is not filigree all the way around. This makes it very comfortable. However, it leaves an odd juxtoposition between the lacy filigree and the practical band beneath.The stone also comes out quite a way from my finger, making it a pretty tall ring. <end>  Expectations Exceeded  When I ordered this ring, I thought that it would be nice. I didn't expect it to be such an eye-catching piece of jewelry. Everyone I work with noticed it and asked where I got it. I've received more compliments on this ring than my diamond wedding ring, which cost thousands of dollars! This ring has exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to buy this ring as a nice gift for a graduate or close family member. I only wish it came in a ring box rather than a small zip-lock bag inside of a flat box. If you package it yourself, it will make a nice gift. <end>
 B00017WSSY  Sterling Silver Peridot And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7.5 ||	  Shiny and elegant  This is a great modern ring although it is a little uncomfortable. It is a hard silver and my fingers can't rest against one another when it is on my finger. But it is very lovely. <end>
 B00017WU28  Sterling Silver Pink Enamel, Brushed Gold Design And Citrine Ring Size 10 ||	  Great ring  I wanted an enamel ring like the Hidalgo stack rings, but didn't want to spend a lot of $. This ring is really great looking and fits very nicely. It is an unusual design, and I get a lot of compliments on it. It is a designer look at less than $40!! <end>
 B00017WUOQ  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Citrine Ring Size 8 ||	  no  It looked different on here, like it had some sort of uniquness to it. and it didnt, I got it. And its very ugly, dont waste your money on this. <end>
 B0001AMG92  New York Mets Earrings ||	  Mets Earrings  My item came quickly and in plenty of time for Christmas. They were a huge hit with the person who received them <end>
 B0001BN4DS  Sterling Silver Amethyst Pendant ||	  Right on time  This was ordered a bit to close to the recipients birthday but it turned out as the child was opening gifts the postman arrived and the day was saved. The pendant was exactly as described and arrived in a very timely manner. I would definately make another purchase from this vendor. Thank you. <end>
 B0001DCRVQ  Sterling Silver Two Tone White Topaz Bracelet, 7" ||	  beautiful but defective  the bracelet is gorgeous but it will not stay clasped no matter what i do i will return it. <end>
 B0001DXS6Y  10kt. White Gold, Created Pink Sapphire & Diamond Ring (Size 8) ||	  LOVE THE RING  I WOULD FOR SURE BUY THE RING AGAIN. IT IS BEAUTIFUL AND A GREAT BUY. <end>
 B0001EZDCU  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Smaller than I thought but..  The ring is really small; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it. I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut, that is why its worth it, but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is. However, the ring was perfect for my needs (and I looked around) and you cannot find another bigger or better one in the same price range. So, I am quite satisfied with my purchase. <end>  good service  i actually got the ring sooner then i expected. the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge!!! excellent. will buy from again <end>  DONT BUY  THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING. UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU. ID SAY IT'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT. THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU'D THINK IT IS. DONT GET IT.. <end>  Beautiful!  What sparkle. It is so pretty and dainty. Just what I was looking for. <end>  smallish  its smaller then expected but it arrived earlier then expected and my girlfreind is happy with it. so i have no problem with it at all <end>  Very Very pleased!  I couldn't believe it. The ring is fab. Of course its not that big, but hey, its only 140 dollars! It is a beautiful ring though. Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend, but the shipping, was so fast. They said it would be shipped on the 21st, yet it came on the 20th! now, thats what I call service. This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made. <end>  What's up w/ the photo?  This pic makes the ring look like it's a 2 carat diamond! 1/10 is super tiny, so this pic is very misleading. The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting, yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color isn't much to brag about. <end>  Szul Stinks!  Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you. If you do business with Szul, there's a good chance you'll get screwed! <end>  Beautiful ring, and I got it free!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous, and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site  awesomestufffree.com/jewelry <end>
 B0001EZDFM  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Smaller than I thought but..  The ring is really small; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it. I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut, that is why its worth it, but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is. However, the ring was perfect for my needs (and I looked around) and you cannot find another bigger or better one in the same price range. So, I am quite satisfied with my purchase. <end>  good service  i actually got the ring sooner then i expected. the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge!!! excellent. will buy from again <end>  DONT BUY  THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING. UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU. ID SAY IT'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT. THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU'D THINK IT IS. DONT GET IT.. <end>  Beautiful!  What sparkle. It is so pretty and dainty. Just what I was looking for. <end>  smallish  its smaller then expected but it arrived earlier then expected and my girlfreind is happy with it. so i have no problem with it at all <end>  Very Very pleased!  I couldn't believe it. The ring is fab. Of course its not that big, but hey, its only 140 dollars! It is a beautiful ring though. Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend, but the shipping, was so fast. They said it would be shipped on the 21st, yet it came on the 20th! now, thats what I call service. This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made. <end>  What's up w/ the photo?  This pic makes the ring look like it's a 2 carat diamond! 1/10 is super tiny, so this pic is very misleading. The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting, yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color isn't much to brag about. <end>  Szul Stinks!  Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you. If you do business with Szul, there's a good chance you'll get screwed! <end>  Beautiful ring, and I got it free!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous, and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site  awesomestufffree.com/jewelry <end>
 B0001EZDR0  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  Nice Ring, Picture doesn't represent the real ring  This Ring is nice, the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here, but I would recommend to read about the "carats"[1] of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is...My fiance loves it, and here's[2] a *fuzzy* picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring..[1]http //www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png <end>
 B0001EZDX4  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  1/10ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire in 14k Yellow Gold  It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it's height and how big the diamond is and the setting <end>
 B0001EZLMM  1/5 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  beautiful  Beautiful women deserve beautiful jewels. I'm not ashamed to say--I get the best. I deny myself nothing. Why should I? Luv ya <end>
 B0001EZPQO  1/4 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Ms. Adam  The ring is beautiful, but I think it is not for an adult. It is a very thin and tiny ring not what you see on the picture. <end>
 B0001EZUKA  1/2 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Not worth the money  I was very disappointed when I recieved this ring. While the stone was very nice, the setting looked very cheap and flimsy. There just was not enough gold thickness anywhere and it looked like it would be very easy to bend or be damaged in everyday wear. Besides getting bent, I would worry that the stone might pop out of this setting too easily as well because the supports for the stone were not very substantial either. While the price of this ring was reasonable for the size and quality of the diamond, I really think a much better quality setting could have been used to hold the lovely stone-the setting cheapened the whole look of the ring. This ring was pretty to look at but I would be afraid to actually wear it! <end>  Not worth the money  I was very disappointed when I recieved this ring. While the stone was very nice, the setting looked very cheap and flimsy. There just was not enough gold thickness anywhere and it looked like it would be very easy to bend or be damaged in everyday wear. Besides getting bent, I would worry that the stone might pop out of this setting too easily as well because the supports for the stone were not very substantial either. While the price of this ring was reasonable for the size and quality of the diamond, I really think a much better quality setting could have been used to hold the lovely stone-the setting cheapened the whole look of the ring. This ring was pretty to look at but I would be afraid to actually wear it! <end>
 B0001EZUNW  1/2 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Not worth the money  I was very disappointed when I recieved this ring. While the stone was very nice, the setting looked very cheap and flimsy. There just was not enough gold thickness anywhere and it looked like it would be very easy to bend or be damaged in everyday wear. Besides getting bent, I would worry that the stone might pop out of this setting too easily as well because the supports for the stone were not very substantial either. While the price of this ring was reasonable for the size and quality of the diamond, I really think a much better quality setting could have been used to hold the lovely stone-the setting cheapened the whole look of the ring. This ring was pretty to look at but I would be afraid to actually wear it! <end>
 B0001F0612  1/10 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Great quality!  This was the first time I had purchased jewelery online and I can say I am very impressed. The quality and finish of the ring is excellent and the diamond is nicer than I expected in this price range. I especially like the tone of the 14k white gold over the 10k and that is uncommon with this stone size and price range. <end>  IM EXITED!!!  I ordered this ring for my girl, future fiancee! it looks big on the pictures but once i opened it it was small! still i love it and i hope my girl likes it tomorrow when i get on my knee!thx SZUL i like the fact i sent you guys a message requesting it before Saturday and I got it today  ] really good service. Will come back for future products <end>
 B0001F06Y4  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold (I-J/I1-I2) Size-6.5  Looks great however smaller than the display picture represented. Slightly misleading, but thanks. <end>  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold (I-J/I1-I2) Size-6.5  Looks great however smaller than the display picture represented. Slightly misleading, but thanks. <end>
 B0001F06Z8  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold (I-J/I1-I2) Size-6.5  Looks great however smaller than the display picture represented. Slightly misleading, but thanks. <end>
 B0001F06ZI  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold (I-J/I1-I2) Size-6.5  Looks great however smaller than the display picture represented. Slightly misleading, but thanks. <end>
 B0001F070M  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  1/7 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold (I-J/I1-I2) Size-6.5  Looks great however smaller than the display picture represented. Slightly misleading, but thanks. <end>
 B0001F0824  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Beautiful!  The ring looks very nice. But I would recommend going first to jewelry stores and see for yourself the size of the stones, so you know what you are ordering. The picture doesn't show the real size and you might be dissapointed. Other than that, I am happy with my ring! <end>
 B0001F083I  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Beautiful!  The ring looks very nice. But I would recommend going first to jewelry stores and see for yourself the size of the stones, so you know what you are ordering. The picture doesn't show the real size and you might be dissapointed. Other than that, I am happy with my ring! <end>
 B0001F08BA  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  not satisfase  i expect like regular size of ring,but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy, the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold <end>
 B0001F08C4  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  not satisfase  i expect like regular size of ring,but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy, the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold <end>
 B0001GKYA4  Royce Leather Men's Leather Valet Tray ||	  worth the money!  I was skeptic about paying slightly more for this product but it was absolutely worth it. It is well made and doesn't look cheap like the majority of the other ones listed online. I keep my wallet, keys, iPod, camera, watch, and pen in this valet stand. Due to its size, you can even fit it into a small sliding drawer. Most of the other valet stands were too tall or bulky. The only downside is this isn't a charging station, but that wasn't a deal breaker for me since I keep my phone charged next to my bed and my iPod charged at my computer or car. <end>  Men's Leather Valet Tray  This item was reasonably priced, in perfect condition, and shipped in a timely manner. I gave it as a gift and the recipient loved it. Great business transaction, thanks! <end>  Great purchase  This valet was the same qualilty as discribed. Looks great and is perfect size for a dresser or desk top. <end>  Pretty Great, But Small  I didn't end up getting this through Amazon because I had a Brookstone gift card, but it's the same item. I'm pretty happy with it--it came in a great box if you're picking it up as a present.The valet itself is very svelte and the leather seems to be high quality. It has a good amount of compartments--I have my keys, a backup set of glasses, a few cufflinks, my bus pass and pen fit there pretty well. My only complaint is that it is a bit smaller than I hoped. I have a pretty small wallet and it barely fits in one of the larger spaces. I wonder what people do who have larger wallets..? <end>  Nicer than I thought  A like wood one was my desire but so was the money to pay for it. It is the same design and very well made. It serves me ever so well and is an exellent leather. Looks great on my night stand and though I do love nice wood I'm sure this one is better due to the plastic lenses of my glasses. <end>  Poor Quality  The quality of the item was poor; it was poorly made and I had to return it. The leather seams were glued, coming up at the edges, it was disappointing. I returned the item to the seller after they provided the return address and an RMA number; 5 weeks later I am still awaiting my CREDIT to my account. <end>
 B0001H5ZHK  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  Fantastic Earrings!  Considering the small price, these earrings are absolutely fantastic. I get many comments on how beautiful they are and what makes them even better is how comfortable they are on the ear. They look like real gold and much more expensive earrings. I just wish I could find a pendant to match! <end>
 B0001H61C8  Sterling Silver Citrine Ring Size 7.5 ||	  Nice Item, bought for a gift.  I bought this for my mother. I've seen her wearing it so I think she likes it. <end>
 B0001J0NRK  14kt. White Gold, 1 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 5.5) ||	  It is stunning!!  When we were shopping for wedding rings, I wanted something that was simple, but elegant. Because I have small hands and my profession prevents me from wearing anything too gaudy, I wanted a flat surface (nothing with prongs, etc.) and something that stood out, that was different. This ring caught my eye instantly - the way the diamonds sparkled - I was sold even before trying it on. There were two other sizes (1.5 ct. and 2.0 ct.), but our wedding budget was tight and I was content with the 1 ct.; I also opted for yellow gold. On my wedding day, my husband placed this ring on my finger; much to my surprise, it was the 2.0 ct.!! We recently celebrated our 1-year anniversary, for which I received a diamond anniversary band that is a perfect match. This ring is absolutely exquisite and is very versatile (wear alone or with baguettes, princess cut, etc.). The compliments never end!! <end>
 B0001J0NS4  14kt. White Gold, 1 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  It is stunning!!  When we were shopping for wedding rings, I wanted something that was simple, but elegant. Because I have small hands and my profession prevents me from wearing anything too gaudy, I wanted a flat surface (nothing with prongs, etc.) and something that stood out, that was different. This ring caught my eye instantly - the way the diamonds sparkled - I was sold even before trying it on. There were two other sizes (1.5 ct. and 2.0 ct.), but our wedding budget was tight and I was content with the 1 ct.; I also opted for yellow gold. On my wedding day, my husband placed this ring on my finger; much to my surprise, it was the 2.0 ct.!! We recently celebrated our 1-year anniversary, for which I received a diamond anniversary band that is a perfect match. This ring is absolutely exquisite and is very versatile (wear alone or with baguettes, princess cut, etc.). The compliments never end!! <end>
 B0001J0NSE  14kt. White Gold, 1 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 7) ||	  It is stunning!!  When we were shopping for wedding rings, I wanted something that was simple, but elegant. Because I have small hands and my profession prevents me from wearing anything too gaudy, I wanted a flat surface (nothing with prongs, etc.) and something that stood out, that was different. This ring caught my eye instantly - the way the diamonds sparkled - I was sold even before trying it on. There were two other sizes (1.5 ct. and 2.0 ct.), but our wedding budget was tight and I was content with the 1 ct.; I also opted for yellow gold. On my wedding day, my husband placed this ring on my finger; much to my surprise, it was the 2.0 ct.!! We recently celebrated our 1-year anniversary, for which I received a diamond anniversary band that is a perfect match. This ring is absolutely exquisite and is very versatile (wear alone or with baguettes, princess cut, etc.). The compliments never end!! <end>
 B0001J3RCS  Namb 6-inch x 3-inch Jewelry Holder ||	  perfect gift for the newly engaged!  i received this as an engagement gift and loved it. it's fabulous quality and lovely. it's now become the perfect gift for my newly engaged friends. <end>
 B0001KA50Y  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Garnet and Cubic Zirconia Earrings ||	  Deceiving list price  I recently received these earrings. They are very pretty. Perfect for special occassions. Personally I don't believe it is worth the $139 list price, sale price-yes. <end>
 B0001KOBJ0  10K White Gold, Diamond Heart Pendant, 1/20 ctw. ||	  Wow.... Simply Stunning for the price  What a gorgeous Item. This Floating Heart Pendant with Diamond is stunning for such a low price. I have read all the Reviews and people are complaining about lost or long term shipping issues. I paid for standard shipping and my item was at my front door the next day. This is a one year anniversary gift to my girlfriend and I know she'll love it. If your the type of person who doesn't want a rock hanging off your kneck and would just enjoy a elegant necklace. With a diamond large enough to be noticed but no distract other peoples attention. Your necklace comes in a nice box with a ribbon tied around it. The case for the necklace is beautiful. I found this to be a very good find. So if you are like me and want alot for a little I would definitly purchase this one of a kind offer. <end>  Disappointed  In browsing the jewelry section of amazon.com, I came across what appeared to be a great deal . . . this Floating Heart Pendant with Diamond by Samuel Jewelers. The online image looked lovely and the thought of a diamond and white-gold combination for under $50 was very appealing. I purchased the item. . . . I received the necklace earlier today and I must say, I am VERY disappointed with it. The piece is much smaller than I thought it would be -- diamond is practically invisible, the white-gold chain itself isn't at all elegant or eye-appealing, and because the chain is so delicate, thin, it makes it very difficult to put on and remove the necklace. Do not waste your money on this. Buy your girl/woman a dozen roses instead! <end>  Loved it, but  I loved this item, which my boyfriend gave me, but unfortunately it seems that the chain broke and my necklace is lost. <end>  wonderful present!  I got this as a Christmas present for my sister-in-law. I thought it was really beautiful. I liked the size of the heart- not too big and not too small. This item is an incredible value for this quality! <end>  An unexpected delight  I purchesed this for my girlfriend for her birthday, and she has enjoyed it ever since. The delicate nature of the product is great for people who like that type of necklace, but it may not suit everyone, and there is always the fear of the chain breaking. For the price and the quality, this is a worthwhile item to purchase. <end>  Great Value  I bought this pendant as a Valentine's Day gift for my girlfriend, and we are both very happy with it. It is small, but the item description is not inaccurate. Pay attention to the dimensions, make sure it's the size you want, and then buy it! The price is very reasonable. Most of what you'll pay for is the diamond, itself (which is worth $20-$25), and you can always buy another chain separately, if you want. It is a great buy for your loved one! <end>  Simple, classic, reasonable price  Good service here, with quick shipping, a nice little gift box and just what I expected with this purchase. She likes simple, nothing formal, and this will be worn frequently and with a smile on her face.Best part of this purchase was the instant elimination of shopping for just the right thing. I knew what she wanted here, and after several stops at numerous stores, had nearly given up on finding the right item. Amazon and Samuel's to the rescue.I'll do more shopping this way! <end>  You can't beat this price  I bought this pendant and necklace set for my mother and she's going to love it. Gold and diamonds for under $50? You can't find this kind of deal in the mall jewelery stores; I looked! I expected the diamond to be teensy, but it looks like a bigger carat weight than is listed. I was pleasantly surprised. This is just the special gift I was looking for and it fit my budget. <end>  GORgeous.  bought this for my girlfriend for valentines day and she LOOOOVES it. (actually shes the one writing this so it just goes to show how much she likes it!) its small and delicate and BEAUTIFUL and waaaaay cute. the chain was kind of small and fragile-looking, so she switched it with a chain from another necklace. the day after the night i gave it to her, she kept stopping at windows and mirrors to look at her reflection with it on. AND it came on time! good deal all around. =] <end>  It's great great great!  I bought this pendant as a Christmas gift for my grilfriend and she loves it! It's a great deal. <end>  Looks great. A bit small if expecting to be flashy  I bought this as an averyday pendant for my girlfriend and its perfect. not to big so that it looks like bling but just good enough for it to get noticed and praised. It's a great little gift and the chain does not look cheap. it came in a nice jewelry box and very protected packaging. NOTE  SHIPPING TO CANADA WAS 35$ PLUS FEDEX CHARGED ME !0,49$ EXTRA! Apart from that, its a good deal. <end>  small but great  the size given in the description is accurate, which means its small. but i knew that when i bought it and i love it and and my girlfriend does also. great product at a great price. <end>  GREAT DEAL  I think this necklace is beautiful for the price!!! I wasn't expecting greatness, but it was worth the price. I wear it everyday and I haven't had any problems with it. (I bought it when it was only $50) <end>  Beautiful  Love it for the price. Comes in a good box and well...it's just very nice! <end>  Review 2.1. Nice Item, Not so nice price having doubled.  I bought this in 2005 from the same seller, Samuel's Jewelers, for $49.USD, on Amazon.com. Now, 7 years later in 2012, it is sold at $99.---Same product, same make, same size and strength of diamond. Same exact item.This is my second honest review of this item, since the first review was not accepted due to brutal honesty. Now I will settle for diplomatic, yet objective honesty with to get the message across.This item is sold by Samulel's Jewelers, as said. In 2006, Samuel's Jewelers was bought by a parent company, Gitanjali Gems of India. This means that Samuel's Jewelers as a private business, gives its proceeds to its parent company, Gitanjali Gems(NSE GITANJALI.) Gitanjali Gems is a public, billion dollar business  as of 2006, average price of 1 share of this business was $180. As of today in 2012, 1 share is priced at $310.The above statement is of relevance to this $99 item, as this item is both jewelry (white gold; which isnt true gold but rather true gold diluted with another metal, which reduces the costs compared to real gold,) and more specifically, a small diamond. A small diamond (literally, very small weighing in at 0.050 carats;) that was $49 in 2006 and is now $99 in 2012. So despite nearly almost doubling of the price of profits and the business new worth, the price of their items are also doubled. If a business is clearly making money, the price of their product should not increase. It should stay the same, or even, decrease. All these facts, numbers, and figures are true. Just go look up the information yourself if you must see to believe.Any person who is not an economist can agree to that the price should not have risen. This is an example of corporate greed.Aside from the corporate greed, it IS a nice product as reviews say. but not $99USD nice. The price is higher, yet the value is the same. This is the only subjective part of my review. Everything else above is an objective fact---->Numbers do not lie. <end>  Great Gift, As Described!  The pendant is beautiful, and the diamond is a great size and sparkles. The heart is slightly smaller than a thumbnail, and I would agree that the photo is accurate. The chain is delicate, but personally I don't expect it to break. However, it appears that it may knot easily because it's also thin.If you are normally rough with your jewelry, have been known to break items, lose them, or wear them while sleeping, then it's not a good piece to wear. THOSE are the kinds of people who are complaining that the chain breaks, or they lose this.I really love this because it's simple and can be worn every day if I don't feel like accesorizing with something else.There were issues with shipping, however. Samuels delivers FedEx and requires a signature. If no one is home during the day they return it to the FedEx shipping center and you have to pick up the package. Luckily, this was close to home for me. For others, this could be an inconvenience. <end>  Diamond pendant  I purchased this for my 88 y.o. grandmother for Christmas...Came giftwrapped, so I didn't see the product till Christmas morning...I was quite disappointed. The diamond grade is poor, and the pendant is white gold, yet the chain is silver and is so fragile and small, that I nearly broke it when I took it out of the box for her. The clasp are so small, that she cant put it on herself....I bought a white gold chain that is bigger...looks great now. <end>  Diamond Heart  I got this Pendant for my girlfriend as a Christmas present. She really liked, however it is small, but that is kinda why we both liked it, not too bulky. Unfortunately the chain is super thin and broke within the first few days. She had it repaired on her own but it broke again within a week. She decided to just buy stronger chain that would fit the Heart pendant. <end>  Awesome Gift  A great gift to your loved one and an ever better seller. The seller deals with you in the most professional way and the security measures are superb. <end>  Great look..Extremely small  The item looks great but note that it is extremely small. There are length sizes on here but if you look at the picture too much it make you believe the product is bigger than what it truly is. <end>  Very nice for the price!  This item is very sweet and I think looks great for the price! A wonderful gift idea (which is what I bought it for). The chain is delicate, but not cheesy looking. The diamond is actually slightly larger than I expected (note - it's small, but based on the price I expected REALLY small). It measures 1/2" across the center of the heart and sits very nicely on the neck due to a "raised" back. It is shown here on an angle, but the pendant is actually designed so that you could also have it hang straight which is a nice added option. In short, I thought it was a great deal. A delicate option for an adult, or also perfectly appropriate for a young girl. The box is pretty (burgundy with an off white ribbon) and ready for gift giving. <end>  Beautiful  I bought this as a gift for my mother for her birthday and it is wonderful. I was a little worried at first that the price was reduced so much, but after looking at the jewelers site and reading all the feedback on the seller I ordered the item and I am glad that I did. I had no problems with payment or shipping and I received it the day I was told it would arrive. It was packed well and it came in a nice box so I didn't have any problems with it being tangled or broken when it arrived. Like it says the necklace is about 1/2" wide and the diamond is larger than what I expected for the price. I would buy this for myself and would recommend it to others. <end>  Item is great, seller is HORRIBLE.  Got this for my wife for Christmas and the item itself is very nice. There was a glitch with the Amazon site and a duplicate order was placed for the item from Samuels Jewelers and an item directly from Amazon.Amazon fixed the issue with their item right away.After making five attempts (both via email and voice mail) to contact Samuels Jewelers I got zero response and have STILL gotten no response at all.I had to refuse the order and only got a partial refund, I'm assuming it was partial because of shipping fees. I would contact the buyer about this but it seems pointless as they don't respond to their customers anyway. <end>  Great Product, bad service...  I received this necklace as a birthday gift from my boyfriend, and I absolutely love it. The heart itself is a delicate .5 inches long (which may be small for some people) but it's really elegant. The diamond sits perfectly on the heart and it has a beautiful shine to it. Also, the seller also packaged it beautifully, and the chain doesn't tangle or knot. It's big enough to be noticed but small enough so that I can wear it all the time--I couldn't ask for more. The necklace deserves 5 stars out of 5.UNFORTUNATELY, my shipment was lost/stolen by UPS, so while it was supposed to arrive on my birthday, it never did.I realize that the seller is not responsible for the package being lost/stolen, but the seller IS responsible for customer service, which was awful.I called the 800 number given on their website and left message after message on the customer service line, and e-mailed customer support for four days straight, but I received no reply, and when I called UPS, they were equally unhelpful.Finally, after days of trying (my boyfriend was about to call the credit card and deny the charges for lack of product), I called the CORPORATE office (which was an out of state number, not the 800 number they give you, which was a major inconvenience) and I finally reached a human being, who claimed they couldn't respond to my messages immediately (immediately is within 24 hours, 4 days is LATE) because of all the e-mails/calls they receive everyday from OTHER customers and my complaint had to wait (hearing that made me feel REALLY special).However, when I reached a human being, they eventually cooperated and sent me a replacement overnight mail, which was very kind of them, but they should have given a refund for the shipping costs. So while I love my necklace, I was very unhappy with the service provided by Samuel's Jewelers. I have been ordering through amazon.com and other various online retailers since 1998, and I have never had such an awful experience.If you want to buy this product, my advice to you is to get Expedited/Express mail option provided by the seller, as the chances of it getting lost are far lower than with the regular 3-7 day mailing option. If the shipping and customer service hadn't been a nightmare, i would've easily given this review five stars out of five! <end>  Great jewel, mediocre service from seller  The product is beautiful, lovely and a perfect gift. I had to wait more than 1 month to get it because it got lost and time response from the seller was slow. I had to send several mails in order to get an "we are investigating". The solution I got was I expected  ship a new one and was delivered fast. You will get a nice product but if something goes wrong in the delivery, be prepared to wait a while. <end>  Beautiful Necklace, GOOD service  I received this necklace as a Christmas gift and I don't think I've ever been more satisfied with the product or service of a jewelry company. For such a low price ($40 for white-gold and diamond?) it's quite a good bargain in my opinion. It's really dainty and delicate.As for the service, maybe it was because people were complaining so much although I got mine half a year ago, but I never had any problems with it. My boyfriend, who is the biggest procrastinator, got it for me right before Christmas and it came in right when they said it would. Also, I accidentally stretched the necklace while taking off a turtleneck. I emailed the company and sent the necklace back for repairs and they sent me back a new one the same DAY that they received my old one. I got my brand new necklace back in less than a week and a half! They were courteous and replied to all the emails that I sent them, and were really helpful as well. <end>  don't buy  bought this for my wife and she got to wear it twice and the necklace broke. Fixed it and it broke again. It is very weak where the chain attaches to the hasp. <end>  Nice product, not the best for a necklace  My boyfriend purchased this for me for valentines day and it looked really nice on the site. It came in a beatiful box but when I opened it wasn't what I expected. It still looked nice but it was soooooo small. The chain is the size of a thin thread and the pendant itself is about the size of the nail on my index finger (and I dont keep long nails).So to me, it doesnt see much like a necklace. Some people said they liked it because it looked so delicate but I think it looks so delicate that its about to break. And when you wear it around your neck, it looks kinda cheap cause its so small.So instead I wear it as a bracelet by puting the chain through the heart three times and wearing it like that. Its really nice as a bracelet for me since the chain is wounded around three times, I'm not as scared of it breaking apart. And it doesnt look too small for a bracelet.And to the guy that said you cant make the heart slanted like in the picture, I can with mine. Theres this really small kind of rectangle where you put the chain through. But its an irregular triangle, so one of the corners gives more space for the chain to go through while the other doesnt. You gotta find that corner. At first when I tried immitating the image, it didnt work but when I tried again like a month later, it worked. <end>  Beautiful gift!  I bought this for my mom for christmas and was very pleased when I received it! It's wasn't too big, a very delicate look. For $40 I don't believe I could have found a better gift for her anywhere. The diamond sparkles and the white gold is beautiful. It got to me really fast and came in a beautiful white box inside a beautiful red box with a gold bow. I would recommend this as a gift to any woman. <end>  Beautiful.. for the right person  I noticed the other reviews described it as tiny. It IS small, and the image would obviously magnify it to show more detail. The product specs are on dot; the pendant is exactly as described.A word about the packaging is appropriate here. The product went to my recipient with pilfer-proof packaging, and inside was a red box with a cream bow, accompanied by a rose with my gift note. Very impressive.Definitely recommended, if you like understated jewellery. <end>  Good Value  The pendant is a little small but over all nice size diamond and good quality for the price. <end>  Great buy from overseas  Purchased from Iraq and sent home. Necklace arrived a day earlier then scheduled with standard shipping. No problems with company and will definitely shop with again for future wishes. She absolutely loved it. <end>  where is it?  this comment has nothing to do with the item. it may be gorgeous, but i still haven't received it after two weeks. i paid for expedited shipping as well, which will end up costing you half of what the item costs. i contacted customer service about this and asked for a refund of the shipping, at least but they said they can't do anything about it. that's true, but it seems by reading other reviews, they have a history of items getting "lost in the mail" or slow shipping. so if you are very patient, then maybe buy it, otherwise i suggest getting something from a much more reliable seller. <end>  Don't expect the angle  The necklace is nice, though a bit smaller than you might think. I would like to point out, however, that you can NOT actually have it at the angle shown in the picture. The chain clasps are too big to allow it. in fact, contrary to one review, you can only hang it one way, which is "straight," which is put in quotes because it actually still hangs at a slight angle due to the shape of the pendant. Actually, I lied, you can hang it sideways (not just angled, but SIDEWAYS) if you want, but...not really attractive in my opinion. It's a pity, because i thought the angle the picture showed was really nice, and although the straight is still nice, it is not AS nice. <end>  Fast shipping, small product  The item is definitely smaller than what I perceived it to be and the diamond is almost invisible. Surely the diamond in the picture is NOT proportionate to the pendant. Save for the size, it still looks beautiful.Shipping was very fast. Ordered on Thursday, here by Tuesday. I'll be coming back for more purchases, hopefully the size issue was a problem of this product alone. <end>  RIPOFF  THIS ITEM IS A RIPOFF IT IS VERY SMALL. YOU CAN BARELY SEE THE DIAMOND DO NOT BUY THIS IS THE WORST PURCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE <end>
 B0001KOC80  14K Yellow Gold, Solitaire Diamond Pendant, 1/2 ctw. ||	  Very bad vendor  I ordered several items from this jeweler. My credit card was charged, I received a confirmation and a ship date. Samuels then cancelled my order with no explanation and told me the items were unavailable. My experience was very unsatisfactory and I would not order from them again. <end>
 B0001LFQ48  Narrow Openwork Ring (size  6) ||	  This ring rocks!  This ring totally amazed me. The quality is so much better than I had expected. It's truly a very pretty, shiny, and kewl ring. I got it for my boyfriend and he totally loves it. <end>
 B0001M15ZG  14k Gold White Freshwater Cultured Pearl 3-Pc. Set (5-5.5mm) ||	  good quality  Nice pearls, good luminence, well made.Good priceMade a nice gift for my wife, as she wouldn't normally shop for pearls for herself, and it beat going to a jewelry store and dealing with an obnoxious salesperson. <end>
 B0001MRFL4  14k Yellow Gold Medium St. Michael Badge on 18" Chain ||	  Not as Described  The medal is nice, but it is about half of the advertised size. It is .5" wide by .75" tall, NOT .75" wide by 1" tall as described. Also the chain is very flimsy. I ordered this for my son-in-law, and I don't have time to exchange it as he is getting ready to deploy overseas. I am going to a jewelry store to find a better chain so that the medal does not get lost. If you order this item, expect the medal to be about the size of a dime, and don't count on using the included chain. <end>
 B0001MRFSW  14k Yellow Gold Heart Center Cross on 18" Chain ||	  Very Pleased  Everything was great. Wear my cross every day. Just what I wanted. <end>
 B0001WI7M0  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Belly Button Ring Pink Ball With Yellow Heart Swarovski Crystal ?belly Ring ||	  Great deal  This was a GREAT product for the price. Even with shipping it was under $3!! Very cute and seems like decent quality. <end>
 B0001WI84W  Pugster Decorative Silver Bracelets Men's ||	  Very Cheap materials, this item will be returned!!  the product details are very misleading. I was expecting a better quality product considering the price I paid ( even at the discount price I paid $34.00 including the shipping. The materials are 90% plastic and maybe 10% metal ( unidentified metal) all held together by two strands of what appears to be a mixture of rubber and thread. The feel of it alone reminds of a cheap bracelet you would get out of a 50 cent vending machine, the 10% metal being the cheer charms but the painted skirt, shirt and poms is plastic paint. I can't believe how dissapointed I was in this product, was suppose to be a christmas gift to my niece. I could pay equally this amount on a better quality charm bracelet from Brighton. <end>
 B0001WI9N2  Pugster Heart Lovely Couple Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Not a good clasp  I bought this for my gf. It's nice for the price, but the clasp NEVER holds. It comes off ALL the time. <end>
 B0001WIBTY  Pugster Italian Charm Bracelet Heart Bear White Animals ||	  Love It  I bought the starter bracelet and a couple of charms for a 13yr old. She is going to love it! All were recieved in less than 7 days and were packed very well. Would do business with this company again. <end>
 B0001WICN4  Pugster Baby Shoe Purple February Italian Charms ||	  Amazing value!  I was a little skeptical of this charm because of the price. I was incredibly pleased when I received it. I do not have an Italian Charm bracelet. I put it on my gold charm bracelet and it fits right in beautifully. This is the perfect charm to celebrate my February baby! <end>
 B0001WIEQ4  Pugster Laser Heart To Shop & Love Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  I did not receive the correct charm.  The process was fine, I am having trouble returning the incorrect charm I received instead of this Artistic Hearts charm. I have no idea what the item number is of the one I received in error. It appears to be a man with black hair wearing a red (wife beater) t-shirt - maybe holding a trophy? <end>
 B0001WIG6M  Pugster Black Scissors Work & Leisure Italian Charms ||	  It is what it is!  This is exactly what the seller said it was! And I got the item lighting fast!I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys collecting charms. <end>
 B0001WIGEE  Pugster Green Peacock Feathers Photo Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Peacock Charm  I love this- I love peacocks enough to have them tattooed, and wanted this charm to put a little green into my bracelet. It looks very nice, kind of looks like a feather flower. <end>
 B0001WIMZW  Pugster Greek Beta Numbers Letters & Symbols Italian Charm ||	  Don't Bother  Don't bother ordering this item because you will be sorely disappointed. I ordered this link and my card was promptly charged, but the link that was sent instead was an "angel" link that was completely different and only priced at half what I had been charged. Pugster does not answer the customer service line during their posted hours, and when they do choose to respond to emails do not want to address the error of having sent the wrong item. Pugster finally decided to respond and send a replacement only after I had to have Amazon intervene for a refund, and the replacement link was STILL wrong!!! I now have 2 poorly designed angel links and no music note link. Unbelievably poor service. Product received is not even close to what is represented in the picture - not even music related in any way. Company refuses to admit that there is an obvious error in their warehouse. Definitely not worth the time or hassle of ordering. <end>
 B0001X2770  Size 9 - Sterling White Mother of Pearl Spanish Lace Ring ||	  SPECTACULAR, beautiful, breathtaking..........  Opened the package and WOW! This ring is gorgeous, very, very, eyecatching. About 1" long and 3/4" wide, an absolute "must have" for MOP lovers. <end>
 B0001X277A  Size 10 -Sterling White Mother of Pearl Spanish Lace Ring ||	  SPECTACULAR, beautiful, breathtaking..........  Opened the package and WOW! This ring is gorgeous, very, very, eyecatching. About 1" long and 3/4" wide, an absolute "must have" for MOP lovers. <end>
 B0001X5BDW  Roderick Tenorio Southwestern Sterling Silver Morning Star Mosaic Bracelet ||	  Exquisite Native American Art  This piece, like all of Rodererick Tenorio's pieces, is an extraordinary example of native North American Art. Once you get one piece, you must collect as many as you can!!!!!!!! 100% satisfaction guaranteed.I own 12 pieces and am still collecting.Violet. SW Florida. <end>
 B0001X5BMS  Sterling Silver Blue Green Turquoise Double-Strand Tropical Sea Beaded Necklace ||	  just as advertised  This is a lovely necklase of natural chips of stone. There are of a similar matched style and matched size. Very appropriate for the purpose (Christmas present) and stocking stuffer. I am sure the receiptent will be as pleased as I. <end>  Wife loves it.  I had never bought jewelry from Amazon before so I was a bit skeptical. However, when the necklace arrived, my concerns were put to rest. The product was well represented by the photos online and my wife was happy with her surprise. Thanks Amazon. <end>  Excellent birthday gift  Got this for my girlfriend and she loved it! We are a younger couple and have only been dating for 3 weeks so I didn't want to get anything too expensive or too cheap. This necklace was perfect! <end>
 B0001X5BOQ  Southwestern Sterling 14-Karat Gold Cross Necklace ||	  Southwestern Sterling-Gold Cross Necklace  The cross is beautiful! I bought it as a gift for my husband and he loves it.The cross arrived in a blue jewelry box. Inside the box was a pretty jewelry pouch for storing the cross. This was a nice surprise.We were impressed by the quality of the cross. It is well made and very detailed. Also included was a card with information about the meaning of the cross.I would buy from this seller again. <end>
 B0001XDYKE  10kt. Gold, Children's Heart Fashion Ring (Size 1.0) ||	  pretty  this is a very pretty ring for any little girl who loves to wear jewelery I know my daughter will love it <end>  Great Packaging!  Amazingly beautiful packaging! It was so easy to open, then wrap just as it was! I can't imagine how some vendors would ship! <end>
 B0001Y0REY  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0001Y0RN0  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0001Y0RYY  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0001Y0SFM  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0001ZPWB6  X - Roderick Tenorio Southwestern Sterling 14-Karat Gold Unisex Band Ring ||	  Durable, Beautiful, Meaningful  Hello!I've had this ring since Roderick Tenorio first advertised on QVC on TV. This ring has last me about four years now, and going strong. I had a skin reaction with lots of turning green and peeling (allergic to nickel, I think- not sure), but after that initial discomfort, my finger has a nice little spot that shows I've had a ring on for quite a while.The ring itself is beautiful. Love it, love it. I work at a job where I'm always using my hands, and this ring hasn't even gotten scuffed up yet, which is incredible given what I've put it through. I can't praise it enough, and I feel naked without it. I still get compliments on it too! A truly beautiful piece. <end>  Perfect ring for a man or woman  Roderick Tenorio Southwestern Sterling 14-Karat Gold Unisex Band RingThis ring is of the highest quality and I would recommend it for a man or a woman, and even as a wedding band! <end>
 B0001ZVEKO  14k Yellow Gold 24 Inch X 2.2 mm Mariner Link Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  great customer service  My original necklace had a flaw. They immediately sent out a replacement and a free shipping label to return the defective one. The fianl product is exactly as described. <end>
 B0001ZVNNW  Solid 14k Yellow Gold 13" 0.6mm Childrens Box Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  What you see is not what you get...  Ordered this $60.00 chain. From the picture, it looked to be a nice substantial chain to be given to my one year old grandchild. When I received the chain, I was extremely disappointed. The chain is ridiculously flimsy and light weight. One yank and it will break. I had planned to purchase two additional chains but have changed my mind for the price to value is just not there. <end>
 B0001ZVR4C  14k Yellow Gold 16 Inch X .6 mm Box Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  beware of the clasp  the necklace itself is great. The clasp that it comes with is another story. The clasp came apart twice the first week we had it. It was very thin and fragile. I ended up taking it to a jeweler and having a lobster claw clasp put on it so it wouldn't fall off and get lost <end>  Shiney  I've worn this chain everyday for the past six months without taking it off and its still strong and shiny. Perfect for any pendant. <end>
 B0001ZVU5S  14k Gold Narrow 18 Inch X .8 mm Snake Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Good Quality Dainty Chain  I was pleased when I recieved my chain. The shipping was quick and the product was as described. Very nice choice for a petite charm, the chain is very lovely. <end>
 B0001ZVUOO  14k White Gold Round 18 Inch X 1.8 mm Wheat Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Perfect chain to complement your pendant  This chain is a perfect complement to any pendant. Not too thin - just right. My wife wanted something more sturdy than what typically comes with a pendant and this met her expectations splendidly. If you're looking for more of a stand-alone chain, recommend one about double the weight for the same length. <end>
 B0001ZVVSO  14k Yellow Gold 22 Inch X 1.2 mm Box Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Beautiful workmanship  The chain arrived well protected, beautifully packaged and in a timely manner with excellent email contact from seller. The workmanship was better than I had expected and a great value. <end>
 B00020SABY  Sterling Silver Mosaic Three Ring Turtle Stack Set ||	  very cute ring  This is a really cute ring. And if you wanted you could wear the center ring with the stone by itself. <end>
 B000216OSO  Charm 14kt Gold Italy- PD1840 ||	  Italy Charm  Although, I am anxious to see this product in person, I would have liked to know the actual size. <end>
 B00021GQVY  10kt. White Gold, 1/8 ct. tw. Diamond Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings  These earrings look even better, than the picture. They are smaller than I thought, but I know my daughter will love them. The quality and brillance is amazing for the price. I would reccommend this to anyone who likes white gold. Also the company is great this is my 1st time ordering from them, but it won't be the last. My order was processed and shipped (by FedEx 2-day) free of charge. And I received it in less than a week. <end>
 B000221GM2  Pugster Studded Blue Mom Italian Charms ||	  I like the charm but it isn't razzle dazzle  I wish that the Bunco charm had more on it. I wanted dice or something. This was the only one I could find. The charm itself is nice and is well constructed but doesn't sparkle. <end>
 B000221PMS  Pugster Fashion Brown Woven Pattern Leather Bracelet ||	  Fell apart  I really did like this bracelet. It was easy to adjust but after I wore it a few times, the leather straps fell out of the ties. I haven't tried to fix it yet, not sure how to make that work nicely. I really liked how it looked, but couldn't give it more than 2 stars because it fell apart too easily. <end>  Red oval leather butterfly bracelet  As soon as I seen this bracelet, I knew it was love at first sight. It meets all that I hoped it would. It's very attractive and eye catching. I went on to get another one for a friend. I absolutly LOVE it. I will always be a customer of Pugster. All the bracelets are great and it's hard to choose just one. <end>
 B00022C8HY  Diamond Gypsy-Setting Hoop Earrings ||	  These MAY be the last earrings you ever buy  SecureHoop earrings are the most comfortable earrings I have ever worn, and I do not worry about losing them. I sleep in mine, shower and shampoo, do Pilates and yoga, and have even snorkeled, and they do not come out until I take them out.The only problem I have had with them is that the only kind of earring I want to wear are SecureHoop earrings. I have three pairs. I wish they did a bit more with colored stones, in fact, because I'd probably buy additional pairs.These may be the last earrings you ever buy because you may (like me) not want to wear any others. <end>  very fine earrings  These are beautiful and beautifully made earrings. I found everything about them to be very fine. The metal has a beautiful finish, and the secure fastening is solid. The diamonds sparkle brightly and appear very colorless - however, they seem hardly bigger than pinpricks. You need to be fairly close-up to notice them. Overall, these earrings seem to be flawlessly constructed. Just be aware that they are petite. <end>  Looks cheap in person, better in photo  I am looking for a small hoop earring with a locking closure -exactly like this product.Since I participate in different sports, some involving helmets, I have been desperatelysearching for a style that was comfortable (no posts sticking out the back)and secure (one that I couldn't lose) during sports; yet simple and elegant.I also wanted one I could leave in during a shower or sleep that wouldn'ttarnish (hence white or yellow gold) or fall out.I like a matte finish and don't really care for cheap diamonds. The styleI chose had diamonds that were so small, I thought they compromisedthe look to the point that it would have been much better without (I didn't see anyon their site without diamonds).The style  (because I'm a designer)- they had no style (I have ideas of hat I'd like to see).The hoop was too thin. In short, the only things I liked, were that they were goldand had a terrific closure.I think there is a potentially large market for "Sports Jewelry". Someone out there-are you listening?Communication & response from the company "Coolstyles" was terrific, even though I didn't like their product.They are very service oriented. If I liked their products better, I would not hestitate to deal with them again! <end>  Great Product, Great Price, Great Service  I totally disagree with the reviewer of May 12, 2007. These simply were not the earrings she had hoped for. For me, they were exactly what I wanted. I am a short person with short hair and like to wear small, feminine earrings. I am also very active (bicycle, cross-country ski, swim) and need something that will stay put. The Secure Hoop Diamond Gypsy-Setting Hoop Earrings are meeting all my needs. What impresses the heck out of me is that CoolStyles (in Florida) got these earrings to me (in Michigan) on the 4th business day after I placed my order. I believe they had the best price on the 'net as well. <end>  Good quality, good service!  The vendor, through Amazon, is 'CoolStyle'. This was for a man's earring, and it was exactly what I was looking for. I searched the web for a several days looking at different vendors & styles. This one caught my eye immediately. The price seemed reasonable, compared to similar items. CoolStyle shipped it promptly, and the quality seems to be very good. The diamonds are very small - and that was exactly what I wanted - just a little bit of flash. A very nice touch is the brushed finish on the outside of the ring, while the sides are polished.BTW - I was a little nervous of the Safety Lock, but it seems to keep the earring very secure, and it is barely visible on the backside. I leave the earring on all the time, and it has never opened up on me.They also arrived with a nice polished wooden box (to keep my spare, as they come in a pair). <end>  Very nice earring.  I wanted a perfect hoop earring without a post sticking out the back. This hoop is very comfortable and perfect size. I do not wear earings normally but was able to wear this without taking it off for days. The 3 little diamonds give a very subtle shine which is also very attractive. <end>
 B00022F4K2  Sterling Silver Photo Ball Locket For Six Pictures, 9/16 inch ||	  Great Locket  Great locket, exactly as described and pictured, heavy and good quality silver for a fantastic price. Sabrina Silver are SO good to deal with, very friendly and great customer service,. Have since bought lots more from them. Excellent experience <end>  Nice product, fast delivery  This item arrived first from many items ordered at the same time. The locket is just as described and is good quality. Please note that the chain is NOT included. I had not noticed this when I ordered, so now I have to spend more money to purchase a chain. Otherwise very happy with this product. <end>  Very Excited  I received the lockets I ordered today... much faster than I had anticipated. Each came in its own silver colored gift box which was a relief because the chains I ordered from a different vendor came in a single gift bag. I got the 9/16" and am pleased with the way it looks on the chain. I would recommend the 2mm if you are going to use a silver chain. I used a 1/2"punch to cut out my pics. It is slightly larger than the cutout meant for the pics but I am willing to sacrifice size for the uniform cut. I plan to use Terrifically Tacky Tape to adhere the pics to the locket. I would definitely buy these again from this vendor. <end>  So original  I just received this as a Christmas gift from my mother and I love it. It is very heavy/sturdy, so I am not worried about wearing it every day. It does not come with a chain so I put it on a 22 inch box chain I already had and it is perfect. <end>  Wear your kids  Love this little thing! What I hear most often -- after the oohs and aahs -- is that it looks like the golden (well, silver) snitch from the Quidditch games in the Harry Potter books. It is a little ball and isn't like a flat little heart locket. But pretty much everyone is fascinated when I open this locket and pictures of my kids unfold. I've had it for about two years now and it's in perfect condition! <end>  Awsome!!  I was quite pleased with this item. Large enough for pics to be seen, small enough not to be intrusive to your outfit. Not heavy at all. I date a man with four children, and used the locket to put pics of us and the children in. He found it quite endearing, and the kids think it looks "cool". I also like it because it is a departure from a traditional heart locket. Thanks. <end>  Great purchase!  Product was just as described, arrived actually a day earlier than its estimated date. The only problem was the lack of a lip to slide the photos into, but I knew that going into it. Definately highly recommended! <end>  The best locket ever!  My husband bought me one of these 6 picture lockets many years ago and I carry photos of him, my kids and my dog inside. I especially like to wear it whenever I'm traveling alone. If I start feeling lonely, I open it for a quick glance at my family's smiling faces. I bought the same locket for a couple of my friends after they raved over mine. It's pretty, not too heavy and well made. I love it! <end>  beautiful jewelry  the jewelry was why i expected but it came with no chain which was not clear so christmas eve i had to run out to make the gift complete. I made a mistake and sent it to wrong address which i take blame for but trying to correct the mistake was impossible both amazon and the manufacturer told me they couldn't do anything. After stressing out over it and after ignoring the manufacturers advice to repurchase it the usps came through and delivered it to the correct address. <end>  "Something Old"  I purchased this for my daughter's wedding...it was her "something old" I placed "old" wedding photo's of family from both sides. I also made a beaded "post" to attach it to and it was placed in her wedding bouquet for her to carry. It made for a very special momento ... I wish I had something like this. <end>  Disapointment  I was very disappointed with this locket I purchased it for Christmas for my daughter. It is very odd looking and resembles a tea ball instead of a locket. I returned it after Christmas. It does not include a chain which I did not notice when I purchased it, but if the chain was as unattractive as the locket it wouldn't have made a difference. <end>  Sterling Silver Photo Ball Locket  This was exactly what I thought it would be. It came in quicker than I even expected. I'm very pleased with my locket. <end>  Do you like cutting the neck of your loved one? Then this is for you!  This locket is a jagged, neck cutting, menace. It's like a tiny morning star around your neck. My wife wore it for 10 minutes, and had blood dripping from her neck area.It seems the hinges, and general metal work, needs to be filed down a bit.I repeat. This item will cut you. <end>  wonderful, unique locket  this is a great, delicate locket. my mom bought it for me for christmas and i am very happy with it. the clasp is a little difficult to open, but should not deter from purchasing. <end>  AWESOME MOTHERSDAY GIFT!  There are five children in my family and my mom had a locket of the first three of us but then couldn't fit my two younger brothers in so she stopped wearing it and always looked for one that could fit us all. This was the perfect locket for that, it fit all the children and my dad! She loves it and is constantly getting asked where she got it from. I would definitely recommend this to anyone and actually have. <end>  Wonderful Locket  I purchased two of these and both my wife and daughter love them. Only wish they came with a chain. <end>  breaks  The necklace was everything it advertised, but it tends to break, a lot. Once it's broken, it's difficult to use again. <end>  not worth it  Literally broke the third day I had it. Chain didn't break it was the locket. Also opened on its own all my pictures fell out before I lost it. Also no way to keep photos dry if you sweat or get rained on or shower or do anything with any kind of moisture. <end>  Most gorgeous locket!!  This a truly one of a kind kind of locket. So many compliments when I wear it. Absolutely gorgeous and easy to open and close!! <end>  lock issue  I loved the thought of this item. I have 5 kids so a general locket wouldn't work for me. Within 20 min of me having this locket in my possession the lock messed up. It also tarnishes very easy and is hard to polish. It didn't state that it didn't come with a chain so I had to purchase one. Picture are difficult to put in. <end>  Nice but....  This is a nice lil locket. Although its only sterling silver, and i think [...] bucks JUST for the pendant is a little steep. They could have thrown in a chain for it. i cant imagine a basic sterling silver chain breaking the bank on this.Its a nice size - ive seen others similiar to this with a 1 inch size, and 4 picture panels. But this one is just about right. The panels inside dont seem to be cheap and flimsy. The clasp's that close the ball seem good - although id be real careful as not to bend them. if you do - you might screw yourself and not be able to properly close the thing securely ever again. <end>  Lovely Locket  The locket isn't your typical shape, and has a handmade look to it. But it's the only thing that I've found that holds six pictures. Grandmother was estatic. <end>  cool gift.  I was satisfied with the quality of this item, however I had a hard time getting the pictures in. You will need double sided tape, and small pics as with any locket! <end>
 B00022G1X6  Bold Singapore Ankle Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  Gift  The necklace arrived well ahead of schedule, was very please with the quality and price. Will buy from this organization again. <end>
 B00022G80W  14k Yellow Gold 10 Inch X 2.2 mm Mariner Link Anklet - JewelryWeb ||	  14kt Anklet  Beautiful treat for my self! Would recommend this item as a gift for any occasion. The gift that keeps on giving. Have had so many compliments. <end>
 B00022G85C  Elegant Mariner-link Ankle Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  Wasn't all that it looked to be!  This bracelet isn't what is shown in the picture. It is flat, and shinny, not as shown! You would think they could have used a better photo! <end>
 B00022K4A2  Medelco MD7 ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. ||	  worked great at first, but it gradually cleaned poorly  I paid over $100 for this from Hammacher & Schlemmer, and I was thrilled at first with the cleaning it did. I have a tennis bracelet that can get really gunky. It cleaned so well for about a year, but after that, it really didn't clean at all--I would have to use a toothbrush instead. <end>  Does a wonderful job  I have tried several ultrasonic cleaners to get rings clean and this one is best I have found. The timer goes as long as 15 minutes (not 3 minutes like most others) and my rings come out sparkling. For a fairly inexpensive cleaner, this works really well. <end>
 B00022TQU6  Sterling Silver Gothic Rainbow Moonstone Cross Pendant ||	  Happy Customer  This pendant is so very beautiful! It's bigger than I'd expected. It's my husband's birthstone, so when he saw it, HE wanted to wear it! So I gave it to him & ordered one for myself. It's the prettiest pendant I've ever owned. The stones are big & clear & georgeous. And the price is excellent. Thank you very much from both my husband & me! <end>  Pretty and Edgy Too  This cross makes an appropriate gift because it's neither too large or too small. Also, the moonstones add a touch of elegance that's not overpowering. It's a little different, and a little edgy. Since this pendant doesn't come with a chain, I bought a nice box link sterling chain to go with it. The box link complements the squared-off edges of this cross design really well. <end>
 B00022TU3E  10kt. White Gold, 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Wedding Set (Size 7.5) ||	  I love this wedding band  This was the wedding set that we were first married with. It is so pretty. The only problem is; I lost the top band. It is next to immpossible to buy a replacement. I have looked everywhere because I loved this ring so much. It is a custom fitted band. <end>
 B00022TU3Y  10kt. White Gold, 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Wedding Set (Size 8.5) ||	  I love this wedding band  This was the wedding set that we were first married with. It is so pretty. The only problem is; I lost the top band. It is next to immpossible to buy a replacement. I have looked everywhere because I loved this ring so much. It is a custom fitted band. <end>
 B00022TVB0  10kt. White Gold, Lab Created Pink Sapphire & Diamond Ring (Size 8.5) ||	  Perfect  Other than the ring being a little duller in terms of its pink tone, the ring was exactly as pictured.Perfect size, pefect shape, everything went very well.Also included a life time gaurntee for trade in refurbishing and cleaning, so ya. kodos <end>  Nice ring  This is a very nice ring. Fits perfect. I love the color of the pink sapphire. <end>  Looks Great, Shipped Fast  I ordered this Sunday night, used the faster shippping option, and received it on Tuesday, despite a "1-2 week" delay until delivery being listed on the item's page.Looks great, comes in a nice box - nothing too ornate, but nice. <end>
 B00023JMYA  Italian 1mm Sterling Silver 24" Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  Horrible  The picture was deceiving, and the product did not stay silver for long it is changing colors.The product did not look the same as on the picture. I was very disappointed. <end>  Silver  For the money it's great. I tend to hook on to necklaces somehow and snap them. Have not done it yet to this one. <end>  Beautiful!  I've purchased several silver chains here - will buy again in the future - haven't been disappointed yet! <end>
 B00023JMYK  Italian 1mm Sterling Silver 30" Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  Box Link Sterling Chain  This item was shipped so fast I didn't even have a chance to anticipate the delivery date! Thanks $1mm!! The item was beautiful and arrive in perfect order. <end>  I'm not a Jewelry expert, but this is beautiful.  I got this for my mom on Mothers Day. It was smaller then I expected but it was beautiful none the less. It sparkled and gleamed and looked like something more expensive than 20 something dollars. I highly recommend this. I don't know much about Jewelry or its ridiculous prices, but I don't see how this isn't more then adequate as a present for someone you love or appreciate. You don't need to spend $10,000 to prove anything, as long as its something nice that they will love and shows you put thought into making them happy, that is all that matters. <end>  Italian Silver, Super fast!  Beautiful chain, bright & shiny. Bought one of their lockets too, also very pleased. I almost felt like they were waiting outside my door after clicked on the "place your order" button. Awesome service. Thanks! <end>  Super A+  This is a Great seller no hassles the product was exactly what it says it is a great piece of jewelry and super fast delivery ordered on a Wednesday and had my package on a Friday will be buying from this seller again in the future. A+++++++++++++++++ <end>  Very Nice  This is an excellent seller  great customer service, fast shipping, no hassles, quality products and great prices! I highly recommend this item from this seller! <end>  Great Chain  Very beautiful, high quality chain. Would recommend for anyone looking to wear a longer chain without a charm or with a very light charm. <end>
 B00023JO9I  Tiny CZ Ear Huggers Sterling Silver Huggie Hoop Earrings ||	  Very, very small  I have never seen earrings so small. I think they would be good for a little girl. They were very hard to open up...in fact one wouldn't open at all. I'm going to return them. <end>  Great Earrings!!  These earrings are so great! I love to wear earrings but don't like to wear earrings that I have to take out every night. So as I was looking on amazon at earrings I saw these and decided to try them out. I got them yesterday and put them right away and love them! I can already tell that I will wear these earrings alot! <end>  The Most Precious Tiniest Sparkling Hoops!  I prefer to wear very small earrings and the Tiny CZ Ear Huggers Sterling Silver Huggie Hoop Earrings were a delightful surprise when they came in the mail today!They look almost like the real thing and I'd be hard pressed to find anyone who could deny that the CZs weren't diamonds; that is how classic they are. Will most DEFINITELY buy from Silver Insanity again!! Thanks. <end>  As durable as they are cute!  These earrings are darling.They wear as good as they look.Would recommend. <end>  Small, but strong  They are nice small earrings, they won't fit big ears. I bought them for everyday use, because you don't have to take them out every evening.What I like most is that they are quite thick and sturdy and they close with a decent click so they don't pop open easily. <end>  perfect for alternate ear piercings  These are great as I had expected. They are Perfect for the alternate piercings in your ears! I can leave these on at night & in showers - never need to take off. <end>  cute little huggies  These ARE tiny but they do fit, and they have a great sparkle. I don't feel them at all, and I don't have to take them off at night! These huggies have a snap closure so you don't have to worry about losing them. I bought these for myself (I'm an adult) but they would make a great gift for a baby too. I definitely recommend this item. <end>  DEFECTIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I received these back in April and it is now September. Only one earring locks properly. The other earring was difficult to open and once I got it open it would not lock in place and would fall off. I contacted seller 2X with not even one response.Plenty of other sellers to purchase from. Buyer beware! Nothing worse than a seller who sells defective junk and ignores customers. <end>  Tiny Huggies  I knew that the Huggies would be small but not this tiny. They would be fine for a new born baby. That being said, You do not know that you are wearing these earrings. They can be left on all of the time and in my case this works. My pierced ears have a tendency to close and by wearing these whenever I am not wearing other earrings, it helps to facilitate placing earrings into my ear. They are extremely tiny but made well. <end>  beautiful  great value for the money. These show off better than my white gold with 1 ct. huggies. I am really impressed. <end>  Beautiful and very small  These earrings are beautiful and high quality. I've been wearing them for months and they are comfortable, and never have slipped open. The only thing I would advise Is to really measure your earlobe! These barely fit over my slightly chubby lobes. The inside diameter is 7mm. <end>  Just Orderd thes  Im so excited I bought thes for my Daugther she is 7months old so im hopeing there as small as what I read on reviews !! Im hopeing it gets here soon !UPDATEWell my daugther is now 1 year old with 4 months she is extremly active and the earings have not fallen off nor the little rocks fallen out Im very imprest I will recomend thes earings to any one wanting to buy thes for there little ones <end>
 B00023JOD4  2mm Sterling Silver 18" Inch Box Chain Italian Necklace ||	  I thought I had reviewed this already but hey it's all good  My husband gave me an hour glass pendant but the chain that came with it was of poor quality. The silver chain I purchased from Silver Insanity was of high quality and just plain pretty! <end>
 B00023JOL6  Italian 2mm Sterling Silver 16" Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Most excellent Chain  I needed a top quality, good looking chain to match with a Pendant I bought for my wife. This one was an excellent choice. The 16 inch model was a perfect length, hanging the pendant at just the right height on my wifes neck. She loved it. Top quality at a great price. <end>  Looks great with my pendants  I have bought many pendants lately and like to wear different ones, so with this 16 " beautiful, quality chain I'm able to quickly add the pendant I want to wear. I store the chain in it's baggy to keep the moisture away from it (and each of my silver .925 as well) and keep it looking great. Price is great. <end>  Disappointed  I was extremely disappointed in this necklace thinking I made a good purchase after reading the reviews. I thought it looked cheap and didn't care for the coil like feel. I wore it a few times and the necklace would always grab my hair around the clasp. I wouldn't recommend spending your money on this necklace. <end>
 B00023JOMA  Sterling Silver 7" Fairy Faery Link Bracelet Jewelry ||	  okay bracelet  i bought this for my mother. don't know if she will like it. the bracelet was just ok to me. it was not handmade. <end>
 B00023JON4  Italian 2mm Sterling Silver 24" Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Silver chain review  This is a nice chain with a durable lobster claw clasp. The diameter is somewhat small, but I will probably order another chain with a larger diameter. <end>  BIG disappointment  I was extremely disappointed in my 2mm 24" snake chain. I have bought several pieces in the past from Silver Insanity, but it seems they've decided to cut corners. I would be surprised if this chain measured ONE mm let alone 2. I have other 2 MM chains and this one is HALF the size. It feels very light. Not at all what I'd come to expect quality wise from Silver Insanity. I will not buy anymore silver from them. <end>  Very Pleased  This chain exactly matched my expectations...it went well with the pendant I wanted to hang from it and I can slip it over my head without having to mess with a clasp. Thanks once again Amazon! <end>  Flipsy Clasp  I bought this necklace wore it once and the clasp broke. I try to contact the retailer and I am still waiting. They have great jewelry and I buy from them all the time. I am really disappointed they did not call me back. <end>  Silver Chain  I have worn this chain for over 90 days and it is as shiny as the day I received it. I especialy like it as the length is 24" and I can slip it on an off without using the clasp. <end>  24 inch snake chain 925 and made in italy  Very lovely snake chain , looks good on THANK SILVER SANITY . I AM WEARING IT TOMORROW WITH A PENDENT I HAVE <end>  love ittttttttttttt  omg it looks soo kool and is perfect length. recommend it to any teenager or grownup.will buy again <end>  Smaller than photo indicated  The chain was much smaller and looked entirely different than the online photo. However, it was a very good quality and is very substantial. I bought it for a pendant that was heavier and wanted a good quality chain- am happy with it. <end>
 B00023JONO  2mm Sterling Silver 20" Diamond-cut Rope Chain Necklace ||	  Beautiful Necklace  I bought this necklace and I am very happy with it. It is super silvery and very shiny, and I absolutely love it. It was exactly what I had in mind, and it fit the charm I bought it for very well. The quality of the chain (as well as the clasp) is very good as well- it's sturdy and I couldn't find any flaws in the tiny links. Overall, I rate this product very highly, and I would definitely recommend this product to others looking for a nice, beautiful chain. What's even better is that you can wear by itself, or with a nice charm on it, it looks great either way. It came in a nice velvety bag too, which was a plus for storing it later. <end>  Nice but kinked  The necklace arrived quickly, but it was kinked in a couple of spots. I'm not sure if this is typical for this type of chain and I was able to carefully remove the kinks, but I was a bit disappointed. On the other hand my wife seemed happy (it was a present for her) and didn't seem to notice where I removed the kinks. <end>  love it  I have enjoyed this piece a great deal. The first one silver insanity sent was defective. I wrote to them and they immediately sent me a new one with return postage for the defective item. They were great to deal with. I would buy this product again and from silver insanity. <end>  Diamond-Cut Rope Chain  Beautiful chain. Glows like gold. Well worth the money. I bought several in different lengths. <end>  Excellent  The necklace was beautiful, and arrived quickly am very pleased with the jewlerly and the servicehoneybee <end>  perfect and shiny  received it very quickly and was very pleased. It was the perfect size and so sparkly. <end>  Great Necklace  I tend to (not always, but mostly) review products I like, and this one is no exception. I wear this chain all the time (even when running on the treadmill), only having taken it off a handful of times in the last few months, and it's just lovely. Shiny, strong (resists a toddler's tugs and yanks), and most importantly, it does not get tangled in or pull out my hair!! I can't imagine any silver pendant it would not pair nicely with, and I only wish I had another one in 16" to vary where my pendant sits on my chest. It was shipped in a timely fashion, arrived in excellent condition, and I am very happy with it. <end>  Beautiful Piece  Just ordered this 3 days ago and I already have it around my neck. Shipping was very quick and the necklace itself is beautiful. Very good craftsmanship and comfortable. If you like silver I highly recommend this piece. I will definitely continue to order from Silver Insanity in the future. <end>  Really Pretty  It came really fast, and it was everything that I was expecting. No surprises, really Nice. <end>  Fantasic value and price!  I got this for my niece to go with a necklace I got her for Christmas. It went with it perfectly and it is such fantasic quality for such a fantasic price! <end>  chain  Great product. Looks very good with the charm that I purchase to go with it. Great price and great product. <end>  Great looking but wrong fit!  This necklace is great looking but make sure you order what you want; I was careless and ordered the 20-incher which I couldn't get over my head. No miracles from St. Christopher, I had to reorder a 30-incher to fit! However, the return was easy and painless. <end>  Sterling silver chains  Beautiful chains they just sparkle. Just what I wanted for my many pendants. Would highly recommend these chains any lady would love them. <end>  SS chain  Chain was very pretty. There is a little trouble with the clasp opening & closing and thats why I didnt give it 5 stars. <end>  Nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i am writing to let the buying public know that this is a great company to deal with. i've had no problems. the products are great. i believe good quality for the price. i purchased this for my niece. whose eyes lit up like the stars. she was very happy with it!!! this was a christmas present. it couldn't have been better received. have a great day!!T <end>  Lovely.  Lovely chain with a good weight and thickness. Simple and elegant.. I purchased one, then liked it so much, bought another! <end>  five stars  Arrived in Jerusalem about a week after ordering, more than a month before estimated delivery date. Bought for my 20 year old beautiful daughter, hesitatingly hoping to satisfy her very refined taste. She is very happy, in fact, excited, about the beauty and the great quality. <end>  Nice overall  Thought it would be a bit thicker But that's my own fault since the thickness is listed in bold very clearly. Can't decrease rating for that just saying this so you can make sure it's the thickness that you want <end>  Good quality, great price.  I bought 3 different lengths, thickness, & styles and loved them all. Free shipping. Good bargain. <end>  Cheap  This looks like something you get out of a gum ball machine. We have been trying to return it since we got it, but seller is hard to reach.... The photo is misleading, and I discourage anyone from buying this.Jack <end>
 B00023JP24  Diamond-Cut 3mm Wide Sterling Silver 22" Figaro Chain Necklace Italian Made ||	  GREAT chain!  Bought it for my boyfriend and he LOVES it, wears it every day. Just the right size and weight, better than I expected. <end>  beautiful!  Ordered this last week, and received it today. Oh my... It's so beautiful and very nice. I can confirmed it is real silver due to stamped on it. I highly recommended this to whoever like "humble" and tiny. (What I mean, this isnt too thicky as Rapper/or ego's) <end>  Excellent in every manner. Would/will purchase again.  Exactly as shown. Strong, sturdy, well made, easy lobster clasp, shiny, stays in place and doesn't twist so the clasp ends in the front (at least not to date). I wear it with my cross so I never take it off and it still looks brand new.I'm a serious jewelry person and I would not hesitate to purchase this again in several lengths. I bought it to wear with an Anthony Michael cross close to my heart day in and day out but I've also worn it on the outside of my top with different pendants/enhancers and even alone. It is versatile with many uses and strong enough to stand up to same. Would look nice on a man also and make a nice gift for anyone. <end>  Good but not Great  So i was browsing around amazon and came across this chain it looked nice and cheap so i ordered, but when the chain came it i was really dissapointed. The picture was very decieving because it looks like a thick chain but it is soo thin you can hardly see it from a distance. However it is a strong chain and if you keep it nice and shiny it looks good. Also i think the 24" chain is a better fit than the 22" <end>  Too small  way to small i bought it for my boyfriend and it looks really kinda cheap. its pretty just dont order for a man <end>  SINY BLING  VERY NICE.PERFECT LENGTH AND HAS JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF BLING. VERY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE AND WOULD RECOMMEND TO OTHERS. <end>  Best Chain Yet  I have ordered multiple items from this seller. They always ship in a very timely manner. Their product is always in perfect condition when I receive it. Each item I have received has been even better than pictured, described, or expected. Even though I have raised my expectations each time. This chain was no exception. It is the best one I have gotten yet. <end>  Chekk it out  Itz stoopid icy bt itz not bulky! If u like skinny chains that shine this will be official to you!! Great present for a lil brother!! <end>
 B00023JP2Y  Sterling Silver Rainbow Moonstone and Blue Topaz Cuff Bracelet ||	  Absolutely Gorgeous!!  The picture does not do this bracelet justice. This piece is stunning and I have people ooohing and ahhhing over it everywhere I go. It is worth EVERY penny. <end>  Gorgeous and special  This bracelet is so pretty. It can be worn with nearly anything as it is somewhere between a celtic style, bohemian style, or modern style. The moonstone is so pretty and full of depth of color. I keep looking at it all day when I wear it. It feels organic on me, very natural to wear, and the cuff was bendable ever-so-slightly to give a snug fit. Love it! <end>  beautiful  This is a very nice cuff bracelet. The stones have not fallen out so far. I think it is well worth what I paid. <end>  Flimsy.  I love the look of this bracelet! It's so cute and pretty!!! BUT the silver is very flimsy and bendable. The bracelet has crack marks where it looks like the arms will break off! It greatly saddens me to have to return it, because it really is a great looking piece. <end>  moonstone-loose stones  This is a pretty bracelet but definitely not worth the price, shortly after buying it, one of the side stones fell out and it was by luck that I found it. It also bends too easily. <end>
 B00023JP38  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Rosewood Hair Stick ||	  Beautiful Hair Stick!  I bought this hair stick for my daughter. Although it will take quite a bit of practice to use it easily, it is beautifully made. <end>
 B00023JP6U  Hanging Lantern Sterling Silver Tall Cylinder Poison Box Jar Pendant ||	  hanging lantern sterling silver tall cylinder poison box jar pendant  i take one pill a day for medical reasons and this was the perfect item for me. whether man, woman or child this is a universal piece of jewelry. it has a nice weight too. i also ordered the 30" bead chain which is also excellent. this is just what you are looking for if you like sterling silver & do not want to take up room in your pocket with a pill box for one pill and so you dont forget to take your medicine. <end>
 B00023JP9W  Sterling Silver Celtic Iron Cross Mens Ring Size 15(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Love the ring,  I have the ring on my left middle finger as I type this, and I couldn't be more pleased with it. I note that someone wrote about theirs turning color. Silver will tarnish if you do not care for your jewelery. A little polish, and it's bright again! I have a hard time finding rings in my size that look nice, and Silver Insanity has provided me with three so far, all of which are very lovely. I would give the ring more than the 5 stars were I allowed. Perfectly formed Celtic Cross, nice fit, real silver. What more could I ask? Quoth the Raven... <end>  Nice Ring  I have had this ring for about 2 years now. I liked it so much I bought one for my brother. I have received compliments from the opposite sex on this ring more than once. The only problem I have had with the ring is I lost it once, but found it about 6 months later. <end>  Terrible Service  Needed exchange and vendor never replied or exchanged. Terrible service, would never ever use again. <end>  No  It turned a funny color and then broke in the middle ...Bad Choice .... <end>
 B00023JPI8  Large Sterling Silver Mens Gothic Cross Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,11.5,12,13,14) ||	  a masculine ring for someone who may not normally wear a ring  I first found, and bought, this ring in a booth at a large 'biker' event - Bikes, Blues and Barbeque - a fe years ago. I'd been wanting a ring for some time, but never found anything that appealed to my tastes - masculine but not gaudy or overbearing/overlarge. I've gotten numerous compliments on it from strangers....and was sad to let it go when a lady-friend asked for it as a keep-sake (lol).I missed it and wanted to replace it, but was skeptical that I could find anything that fit 'me' so well. I began searching Amazon under men's rings..and I was thrilled when I found the exact ring here.This ring actually even sparkles - glinting off the edges - in sunlight. I gave one to my best frined for his birthday the other day and his wife and daughters love it on him. <end>
 B00023JPII  Sterling Silver Celtic Iron Cross Mens Ring Size 14(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Love the ring,  I have the ring on my left middle finger as I type this, and I couldn't be more pleased with it. I note that someone wrote about theirs turning color. Silver will tarnish if you do not care for your jewelery. A little polish, and it's bright again! I have a hard time finding rings in my size that look nice, and Silver Insanity has provided me with three so far, all of which are very lovely. I would give the ring more than the 5 stars were I allowed. Perfectly formed Celtic Cross, nice fit, real silver. What more could I ask? Quoth the Raven... <end>  Nice Ring  I have had this ring for about 2 years now. I liked it so much I bought one for my brother. I have received compliments from the opposite sex on this ring more than once. The only problem I have had with the ring is I lost it once, but found it about 6 months later. <end>  Terrible Service  Needed exchange and vendor never replied or exchanged. Terrible service, would never ever use again. <end>  No  It turned a funny color and then broke in the middle ...Bad Choice .... <end>
 B00023JPVK  Silver Gold Pewter STARFIRE UNICORN Pendant Necklace ||	  Believing is seeing  If you are looking for a breakout moment, this unicorn pendant is just the ticket. As they say in unicorn lore, believing is seeing and wearing this pendant does it for me. <end>
 B00023JPWO  Beltane Sterling Silver Dragon Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for April 24 - May 16 ||	  May Day Celtic Charm  I have received many compliments on this necklace charm. I do not know if Beltane has granted me any strength, but I like wearing it and especially while I am at work. I like astrology, dragons, and unique jewelry AND my birthday falls under 'Beltane.' It is a fun piece of jewelry and just the right size. <end>
 B00023JPWY  Alban Elfed Sterling Silver Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for September 9 - October 1 ||	  Nice Pendant!  This pendant isn't half as flimsy as other reviews make it out to be.On a nice chain, it looks great, though it is smaller than I imagined it would be. <end>
 B00023JPXI  Heulsaf Yr Haf Sterling Silver Wealth Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for June 9 - July 1 ||	  Dauther-in-law pleased  I sent this to my artist daughter-in-law in Brooklyn for her birthday. She is very pleased with the quality and style. <end>
 B00023JPZ6  Sterling Silver Kids Toddler or Childs Bangle Baby Bracelet for 5.5" Wrist ||	  great bracelet!!  This bracelet was just as it was on-line. It fit my granddaughter perfectly and she loved it. <end>
 B00023JQ5A  Sterling Silver 3mm Flat Shiny Omega Chain 18" Collar Necklace ||	  Great Necklace  I just got my necklace and it's PERFECT!!! I wear a lot of Native American pendants and this compliments them beautifully! The pics don't do it justice and it's nice and heavy for it's size, not at all flimsy  ) <end>  Very Nice  I was very pleased with my necklace. It arrived quickly and it was exactly as described. <end>
 B00023JQ8W  Silver-Tone Pewter Celtic Nordic Viking Horn Valknutr Pendant Necklace ||	  Cool pendant,cheap necklace  Pendant is a cool expression of Scandinavian heritage. However, after about 4 months of wear the necklace broke. Need a better quality necklace to wear it with... <end>
 B00023JQFU  SUN WHEEL Celtic Isle of Man Nordic Pendant Necklace ||	  small but nice  its a bit smaller than i had envisioned, but its got alot of rustic detail to it. touch your middle finger to your thumb and thats about how big it is. its got a pretty decent weight to it. the chain could have been a little bit longer but no biggie there especially considering the price. its a good deal! <end>  Looks nice. Fades fast.  When I got the necklace it was nice. 2 weeks later and one shower with it and the gold came right off, the pendent and chain faded.Looks cool but its cheap. <end>
 B00023JQG4  Gothic Silver Tone Vampire BAT Hanapu Pendant Necklace ||	  perfection  this surpassed what i expected so much i will continue to buy many things from them <end>
 B00023JQI2  Large and Heavy Sterling Silver 4 Panel Photo Ball Locket Pendant ||	  Loved it... yet dissapointed  I really like this locket as far as quality and it's unique design. However there is one big flaw. On the actual place for the pictures there is not a lip to slip the pictures under. You would have to just glue them on and there's nothing to secure or hide the edges of the picture, which in my oponion would look tacky. So, unfortunately I'm gonna have to return it. <end>  It's OK  I was a little disappointed, it wasn't made very well. However, for the price it's pretty good. <end>  photo ball locket  excellent piece of jewellery, my partner has 5 children and has been looking for a silver family locket. She has placed her photos in the locket and they look great. She is over the moon about the locket as she didn't think she would be able to find one. <end>  Quality Silver 6 Photo Necklace  The necklace was of high quality and a good heavy weight. My mother and mother-in-law loved it for Mother's Day, especially since I already included the pictures for them. The necklace is a good size- larger than most photo necklaces. However, some sort of stencil would have made the picture sizing/cutting easier since it's a small space to work with. The only downsize is the two clasps. They don't quite close all the way into the hole, so you aren't sure if it's completely locked. I liked the look of the necklace on the black satin chain rather than the usual silver chain. As a side note, if you buy two of the pendants, they are both shipped in the same velvet bag, so if you are giving them as gifts, one recipient won't have a velvet gift bag. <end>  I Love Mine!  I received this pendant for Mother's Day after some strong hints to my husband. I had only seen them in stores once or twice, but they were way too expensive. This one is even prettier than those I had seen in the stores and the price was more than reasonable. Yes, you need close-up mini portraits to see detail, but I have so many to choose from, that wasn't a problem. The clasps work very well, too. I will definitely consider this pendant for future moms & grandmas that I'm shopping for. <end>  Great product!  I love this locket! Its very unique and its of great quality! The circles for the photos where not as big as I expected, but for as many slots I have for photos its okay. I would recomend this locket to others! Thanks alot for a great product!Brandi <end>  Dream answered  I have been wanting one of these for a long time. Now I have one and all is perfect!!!! <end>  Great Product, Great Service  I was thrilled to get my pendant. I had searched far and wide for it, and was happy to find it on Amazon.The speed it took, to come to Australia from America was incredible! I couldn't belive it was so fast.I would like to thank everyone involved. <end>  Great for Grandma!  I bought this for my mom and put pictures of her 4 grandchildren, and 2 daughters in it. She loves it! The pictures are very small... I recommend using a very close-up shot of a face. <end>  Unique, personalized gift.  I gave these last year to the important women in my life (wife, mom, mom-in-law, etc). I think they're very cool and I happen to work in a photo lab so making the tiny pics wasn't too hard. Here we are a year later and I've noticed that I haven't ever seen any of the ladies actually wearing thier locket balls.Pros  Unique, cool design, personalCons  Cost you another $30 or so to make custom, tiny photos. Women don't seem to actually wear them (or at least mine didn't) <end>
 B00023JRTK  Reversible Spinning Om Yin Yang Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Much nicer than the picture  This is a beautiful piece of solid silver jewelry. Well constructed and spins without burrs or sticking points. It is very pretty, and a wonderful addition to my wardrobe. A lovely pendant that I will treasure always. <end>  Happy customer  This item was requested as a gift, and it met all expectations. Also the company provided prompt and efficient service. Very pleased! <end>  spinning om /yinyang pendant  I love my charm...it is very uniqueI get stopped all the timeand, it's weight makes it seem a lot more expensive than it was <end>  I agree--the pictures do not do this one justice  I ordered mine from another web retailer, but it is identical to the one pictured above, and it is absolutely beautiful. It's substantial, not a thin piece of silver at all. It has a solid heft to it that means you can put it on a thicker chain if you like. I have mine on a chain that looks like a cross between a box chain and a shiny snake chain, and the two together (pendant and chain) look beautiful.You won't go wrong ordering this one! <end>  So nice I bought it twice!  I first bought this a year or so ago and wore it almost constantly. It is pretty, and it has a nice weight to it without being heavy. The spinner part is a nice thing for those of us who tend to play with our jewelry when on the phone or waiting in line. I had surgery in August and either then or in the drama of the chemo & radiation after I lost my necklace in one of the hospitals (I think). It was gone for months and I really missed it. A couple of weeks ago I just gave in and bought another one. So happy I did! I haven't taken it off since.  ) <end>  So many compliments!  I searched hi and low for a pendant to wear all the time, that actually meant something to me. I've been studying the Tao and am now getting into Buddhism. I was so excited when I lucked on to this one. I constantly get complimented on the uniqueness of it. <end>  Very Nice  This pendant is well crafted, made of quality sterling silver, and beautiful. I am still searching for the perfect 20 inch chain for it. I wearing 24 hours a day and love it. A great buy.Reversible Spinning Om Yin Yang Sterling Silver Pendant <end>  not what i expected  the item is shown with a chain however it did not arrive with one. Also the title shows spinning and mine did not spin free it binded when i tried to spin it and was bent a little when i recv it in the Mail. overall look is nice I just wish it would spin like it states it will and also wish it came with a chain like it is shown. <end>  I have worn this every single day for over 5 years  High quality silver jewelry. I have not taken it off in over 5 years. No tarnishing, no coloring, just a solid symbol that comforts me always. Best value for the money by far.Check out my newest Thriller - Bound By Birth - by Randall R WheelerBound By Birth <end>  Om---My goodness  Length   0 21 MinsOm--My goodness this is a really nice pendant! It shines like crazy and it spins like the description said it would. It looks wonderful on a silver chain!I would recommend this to anyone. And it would be a welcome gift to anyone who enjoys Eastern religion and philosophy.Thanks and Namaste!Reversible Spinning Om Yin Yang Sterling Silver PendantA little over a year later and the part that spins has turned black and no amount of silver polish will bring it back to the original shine. This leads me to believe that the part that spins is NOT SILVER!!!! <end>  Both beautiful, and unique..  Arrived this week, and is just as beautiful as the reviews indicate. I have had the opportunity to wear this lovely necklace just two different occasions so far, and someone has complimented me on it BOTH times! Does not come with a chain, but looks equally stunning on a silver chain, for a more dressy look, or make the symbols &#34;pop&#34; with a casual black roping. More importantly, I also sense this will be both a symbol to identify myself to like-minded individuals, and a conversation starter for those who are not yet awakened. <end>  LOVE IT!  I BOUGHT THIS A COUPLE OF YEARS BACK. I LIKED THE LOOK. SINCE THE DAY I RECEIVED IT....I HAVE GOTTEN SSSSOOOO MANY COMPLIMENTS AND PEOPLE STOPPING ME TO ENQUIRE WHERE I FOUND SUCH A BEAUTIFUL PENDANT. I BOUGHT ANOTHER FOR A GOOD FRIEND AND MONTHS LATER SHE SAID" YOU KNOW SO MANY PEOPLE STOP ME TO ASK WHERE I GOT THIS". ANOTHER DEAR FRIEND HAS ASKED ME THREE TIMES OVER THE PAST MONTHS. NEEDLESS TO SAY...I AM BACK BUYING ANOTHER ONE. THINKING OF GETTING AN EXTRA JUST IN CASE ANYTHING EVER HAPPENS TO MINE.IT IS A LOVELY PENDANT !! <end>  verrrrry nice  Great product and good value . . . I bought this for myself having both the OM and YIN YANG as the only tattoos on my body I enjoy wearing this piece and get lots of comments re its look and originality <end>  BEST PENDANT EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND I REALLY MEAN IT!!!  This is my favorite pendant I have ever gotten. The only Con about it is it was a little smaller than I thought it would be but it is still cool. It comes in a nice black case also. From Ben Nelson (9 years old) <end>  Beautiful  I had been looking at various yin yang pendants over the past several months. I had put them all in my "favorites" and kept reviewing them and re-reading the reviews. I am so happy that I decided on this particular pendant. The speed of delivery was amazing. The pendant is very beautiful. The material is heavy and looks more expensive than it is priced. I have already received several compliments. I would recommend this to anyone who likes both symbols - two for the price of one. Thank you so much. <end>  Two necklaces for the price of one!  Since I just recently began to explore Eastern philosophy, and have been reading about Tantra concepts, I wanted a necklace that either had the Om symbol or the Yin-Yang symbol. I got both! The necklace is good quality, has a chain that is just the right length for me, and has a very clever spinning middle, so I can wear either the Om side or the Yin-Yang side by just flipping it over. I especially like the delicate, intricate scrolled design. If only I could find matching earrings! <end>  Superb  I gave this pendant as a gift to my niece... she wears it all the time. It has retained its original shine, it still spins as it did when it was brand new and it is about three years old now. She still loves it and gets many compliments on it whenever she wears it. Her face lit up when I presented it to her and she still enjoys having it in her personal jewelry collection. I can recommend this as a wonderful addition to anyones jewelry box. <end>  Very nice  I bought this as a gift. Very well made and even more attractive in person. I am very pleased and so was the recipient. <end>
 B00023JSCG  Synthetic Opal or Loose Glass and Amethyst Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Just the right pair!  I recieved a pair of these earrings for my birthday {Jan}, garnet is my birthstone. They are lovely, and I wear them all the time. The earrings are light-weight that they don't pull on my ears, and short enough that they don't appear too dress. Definely a pair of earrings you can wear with jeans, or a dress! <end>  Beautiful, unique, earings  These earings are beautiful. I get so many compliments on them. They are a bit heavier than I thought they would be, but no problem. <end>
 B00023JSJO  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Chain and Bar Cufflinks ||	  Wish I could give it -10 ( minus 10) No truth in advertising!  if you look at this ..it is 3D and appears to be faceted..be not decieved it is FLAT!This dissapointment would have been enough for me to score this low but the minus numbers arise because of the return policy....you have to jump through hoopes- slalum; climb everest; and oh.... in case you were thinking of sending the item back in a far superior package i.e. bubble envelope- because you threw out the rinky dinkey rubbish cardbord box that it came in... the joke is on you! So dumpster diving time!!!!What a shame! Never AGAIN!!!! <end>
 B00023JT98  Sterling Silver LAPIS and Mother of Pearl CRAB Earrings ||	  Delicate and pretty  These earrings are delicate, pretty and easy to wear. The mother-of-pearl and the lapis are inlaid and flush with the silver, which is not easy to see in the picture. The color of the lapis is a royal blue. <end>
 B00023JTB6  Sterling Silver Genuine Dark Blue Lapis Moon Face Earrings ||	  Beautiful lapis!  Lapis lazuli is a beautiful stone that has been mined by man since prehistoric times. Indeed, in ancient Mesopotamia, it was considered the queen of gemstones, and was highly sought after for jewelry. Now is your opportunity to own a piece of lapis jewelry for yourself!These handsome earrings are lapis and sterling silver, and look very attractive. They look excellent with formal, semi-formal, and even informal outfits. Plus, the less you are wearing, the more important jewelry is, and these earrings always look great. I love these earrings, and highly recommend them!(Review of Sterling Silver Dark Blue Lapis Moon Earrings) <end>  just ok  The earrings are smaller than anticipated. The hooks are a bit cheap too. I probably would not purchase these if I had seen them up close first. <end>
 B00023JTBG  Heavy 3mm Sterling Silver 22" Inch Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Perfect weight, and beautiful  This chain is heavy and thick. It looks great with my Pandora beads. I love the length. The 18 inch chain hits me too high (chokes my neck) and 24 inches is too low (hits the middle of my sternum). The quality of this chain is far better than I expected. The claw clasp is big and durable but matches the width and size of the chain. All in all it is absolutely perfect. <end>  Gorgeous snake chain!  This chain is just beautiful. It has a lobster clasp which are the best in my book. The price was very reasonable for this weight chain. I highly recommend this item and merchant. Shipping was extremely quick. A great purchase! <end>  Nice but not HEAVY enough  The necklace is very well put together and perfect length 22". I was expecting a thicker/heavy chain unfortunately, it was not...yet still very nice. I think I'll go with a 4mm or 5mm heavier (male) necklace next time. <end>  Beautiful Item  This chain arrived very quickly after it was ordered, packaged in a plastic bag inside a lovely little black faux-velvet bag. It's heavy, very shiny, and looks well made. I expect it will last a long time. I had bought it for use with a Thor's hammer pendant (bronze)which I'd bought for my boyfriend. It doesn't go well with that but I have no doubt we'll find something great to use it with,or just wear it plain as it is gorgeous! <end>  shining shining shining  it wasnot really i expected...i thought it would be a bit more heavy and chunky....but it IS SHINING SHINING SHINING!!!!!I LOVE IT!!!! <end>
 B00023JTKM  Sterling Silver 7" Marcasite and Red GARNET Bracelet ||	  Bracelet  This bracelet is not as large as I had hope for, and I think it was overpriced, but I decided to keep it anyway. <end>
 B00023JTQG  Sterling Silver Hummingbird Fairy Clear Quartz Pendant ||	  pretty  Worn on a long chain this neckace is quite pretty and I have had a lot of positive comments from others. A very fun piece and affordable. <end>
 B00023JTSE  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Amethyst Heart Earrings ||	  great earrings  outstanding earrings. The picture doesn't do them justice. Solid quality construction too. The wife loves them, wears them all the time and gets compliments pretty often. <end>
 B00023JU42  Sterling Silver Pet Ferret on Blue Lapis Gemstone Pendant ||	  Beautiful  My sweet ferret recently died. I bought the pendant for myself. I picked the Lapis stone for what it represented. Now my ferret goes to work with me everyday. It's perfect. It arrived on time and looks exactly like the picture. I hope to get another! <end>  Ferret and Lapis pendant  THe product arrived looking identical to the advertisement. The silver was substantial and well detailed, the lapis was of good color and consistent markings. Great for anyone who has a ferret, or a fondness for minks, weasels and similar creatures. <end>
 B00023JUBU  Sterling Silver Mayan Dragon on AMETHYST Pendant ||	  Sterling Silver Mayan Dragon/Amethyst Pendant  I am very happy with the pendant purchased from Silver Insanity. It is a good size, and has a good weight to it. It is not a delicate piece of jewelry that might break easily. <end>  Badly designed  It could have been an attractive piece of jewelry, if the dragon had been mounted around the amethyst circle instead of off to one side. But it was mounted on an angle or whatever they had in mind. The picture shows it this way, but I couldn't believe it was designed like that when I ordered it. I asked for a refund and got my money back, but I had to pay the return postage. It's sad, it could have been a beautiful pendant. <end>
 B00023JUDS  Sterling Silver Mythic Green Man Aventurine Pendant ||	  Greenman Pendant  This is a very lovely piece and my father loved getting it as a gift. The silver Greenman is a little offcenter from the stone, so it does look a bit awkward. Despite this minor defect, it is a stunning piece that anyone will love. <end>  Beauty  As usual this is a beautiful product from this company. It's a highly detailed durable piece of jewelry and a great size as well. I recommend it to all who covet the greenman and the calming powers of aventurine as well. <end>
 B00023JUM4  Sterling Silver Egyptian ANKH Latching Bangle Bracelet ||	  Very pretty bracelet  This is a nice bracelet - lively, simply, and elegant all at once. I only received it a few days ago, but the craftsmanship seems to be excellent. The ankh is especially well designed. Because it's a bangle design, it is somewhat delicate (in the sense that you could bend it slightly if it were to get caught on something), but that is usually easy to fix and not unexpected. And this bracelet appears as if it will hold up well. I'm very happy with it... now I just need a ring to match!!  ) <end>  She loved it!  I gave this bracelet as a Christmas gift and she loved it! It arrived before Christmas and it looked jut as it does in the picture. It's a beautiful piece and I was very happy with the product. I plan to purchase more from this seller in the future. <end>  better than the photo  I was pleasantly suprised when I recieved this bracelet.It is more beautiful than in the photos. <end>  Dainty  The bracelet is dainty, sturdy, and beautiful. It represents myself as a person and i don't ever take it off. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  I visited the King Tut exhibit - which will be closing here in Denver this coming Sunday (1/9/11) - at a preview for Denver Art Museum members before it opened to the public, and my interest in all things relating to ancient Egypt was rekindled. I had seen the first traveling version of this show in the late '70s at the Met in NYC while still living there, and before I traveled to Egypt. I had become even more fascinated with the country and jewelry then I previously had been, so scrolling through the Egyptian jewelry offered on Amazon I knew I would buy this bracelet the minute I saw it. I already have several ankh rings and earrings (in gold and silver) and realized I didn't have a bracelet. It is as beautiful and delicate in appearance as it appears in the photo and compliments everything I wear it with. I'm surprised I didn't see anything this nice and reasonably priced at DAM, but I'm certainly glad I found it here! <end>  Nice for the price  I didn't expect much for the price but I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the pacakge. Fits nicely, latch secure and easy to operate and it looks good. <end>  Very Nice!  I purchased this bracelet as a gift for a co-worker during a Christmas ($20.00 max) gift exchange at a temporary position. The assignment ended unexpectedly before the exchange or the expected arrival of the bracelet. She was to have gotten me a paperback book I wanted and I called her to tell her that the bracelet arrived and she said she'd call me to arrange an off-site exchange. She never called me and I left her several messages to which she never responded. This bracelet is beautiful, well crafted and looks much more expensive than the purchase price. I was going to give it to one of my daughters for Christmas, but decided to keep it for myself! Selfish, but satisfying! Although small in diameter, it opens up to fit the size of any wrist and keeps it shape. <end>
 B00023JVAU  Sterling Silver Celtic Triskele Knot on Black Onyx Disc Slide Pendant ||	  awesome  not exactly what i expected but it is still a really nice pendent maybe a veiw of the back of the pendent would be good as well? <end>
 B00023JVDW  Sterling Silver Sea Turtle on Green Aventurine Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  The earrings are beautiful and detailed and a real value for the price. Considering that, you may want to check to make sure that all of the attachments (rings that connect each piece together) are secure. One of the earrings had a loose connection that required an easy adjustment. <end>
 B00023JVEG  Sterling Silver Kitten Kitty Cat On Black Onyx Spheres Hook Earrings ||	  Excellent product, bad luck  When I saw this product, i just had to order it. It looked like a perfect gift for my girlfriend, since she adores cats, and this item looks so cute. First problem i got is that the item didn't took 2-4 working days to arrive. No. It actually took 18 days to get to Serbia. But, it was mainly caused by Hurricane Sandy, and not perfect organisation by USPS.Silver Insanity were very quick to respond and they instantly informed me what could be the problem and how to solve it. It was a really professional support and i give tham 5 star for that.Last week, the item finally arrived. It was very well protected, so it came withouth any damage at all. As soon as i opened the gift box, i saw the earrings and i was really suprised how well they are made and how cute they are. You can really feel the weight, and the quality is top-notch.So, for everything done by Silver Insanity, i give an absolute 5 star. USPS could deliver it earlier maybe, but hey, at least it arrived....now comes the sad part of the story. Before i could even give these adorable earrings to me dear girlfriend, she found another guy, and broke up with me. So, yeah, now i'm very depressed, extremely sad, and have these earrings waiting in the drawer.Thank you, Silver Insanity, for this awesome product. It's a shame they are still in the gift box. <end>
 B00023JVK0  ANGELS Sterling Silver Goddess Angel Amethyst Earrings ||	  earrings  I wish they gave the measurements, it's not tiny as they look in the photo, too big. <end>
 B00023JW2W  Sterling Silver Baby Frogs on Malachite Hook Earrings ||	  original and cute  I got baby frog pendant first - it looked nice and I LOOve malachite and I would give it 10 stars if I could. This is one beatiful Piece- heavy malachite bead and so detailed animal I got many-many compliments. When I saw earings I had to get them. The only reason I give them four stars, it's hooks - too thin, I almost lost them when I put it on for the first time. You have to get plastic stopers (.50 in any jewlery store) <end>  So cute!  I ordered these because I used to have a necklace with exactly the same design as a pendant. They're so cute, and they are very high quality, smaller than they look, and lightweight enough that I can wear them without my ear lobes stretching <end>
 B00023JWFO  Sterling Silver CELTIC Abstract Twirl Dark ONYX Pendant ||	  Necklace with loose onyx  Looked nice in picture. Looked nice out of bag, less then 10 minutes later onyx fell off. Sure it would have been nice if it had lasted. Had to run out and buy niece something at last minute to replace this. Risky product <end>
 B00023JWX6  Sterling Silver Victorian or Steampunk Style Magnifying Glass Pendant ||	  Bought two  Initially, I bought one for my sister. My only issue was that I had to bring it to my jeweler to have a bail put on. Otherwise, loved it. Thought it was unique and functional. Rated it four stars.So, I bought one for myself. Before I could wear it the magnifying glass fell out and chipped. I probably should have returned it, but I went to an optician to see if I could get another magnifying glass. (I am waiting.) Realized when the glass fell out that the workmanship was poor (perhaps just on mine... )  The glass quality wasn't as good as others I have; the magnifying glass itself had horribly raggedly edges and hadn't been seated in the pendant well (not flush, for example). We'll see what happens when I bring it to my jeweler to have the glass replaced; I assume he'll glue it in. Too bad. It is a unique and attractive design. Had this not happened on the second pendant I bought, I'd have rated this pendant higher. <end>
 B00023JXA8  Sterling Silver Pagan Wiccan Protection Knot Pendant ||	  Protection Knot  I came across this when I was searching for other jewelery. I was very pleased when it arrived. I have worn it ever since arrived. My daughter is hoping for one ! I have recieved some compliments on it, most people see it but since I wear some obscure things they don't ask ! lol. <end>  silver wiccan  This was bought as a gift for my daughter who is very into celtic culture, wiccan and loves silver. She loves it. It is very beautiful. <end>  A very pretty and stunning pendant!  I just got this pendant in the mail, today! They say it's a protective pendant, and I feel that's what it is! When I opened the package, I instantly felt this warm, powerful feeling coming from it! It's really awesome!!! <end>  Is not that good for kids  For the price is excellent plus Ido like the quality ofthis product I Dont recomend this product for kid cus it does have sharp edges; the second problem is the chain sucks if u get this product u might want put the chain in the trash i buy a new one order that this product ois great <end>  cheaply made and poor quality  I was very disapointed with my pendant. It looks better in the picture than real life. It might be a good gift for a little girl, but it's cheaply made and looks like it was stamped out in a press. I guess I was expecting better quality, but you get what you pay for. I gave mine away as a gift. <end>  Great for the price  I was very pleased when I recieved this...I love that it doesn't look like every single other pendant on the market and although it looks like it in the picture, it's not enormously huge. Just the right size and very pretty. <end>  I rate this 5 broomsticks!  Because of the good reviews I read, I decidedto chance it and purchase this pendant.I just received my Silver Pagan Wiccan ProtectionKnot Pendant a few days ago. The picture doesn'tdo it justice. It is beautiful.I, too, like it because it is so different.It arrived well packaged and well protectedand there wasn't a long wait to receive it.I have it on a 24" sterling silver chain.If you enjoy things that are different,I recommend this pendant. <end>  Loved It!!!  I loved the Wiccan Protection knot pendant, I purchased it for my daughter for Christmas and she hasn't taked it off since. She had wanted a Celtic tricetta necklace, but absolutely adored this one just as much.Thank you <end>  Beautiful  This is a beautiful piece of work...my only negative feedback would be that it would be nice if the edges were somehow softened -- they are sharp! I gave it to my sweetheart, and he loved it (despite his not being pagan/wiccan).Thank you! <end>  It's OK  I have to say it's not as nice as it looks in the picture, and maybe I'm just not that bright, but I kind of expected it to come with a chain, which it didn't. For the money, and considering the quality, including the chain would have been nice. <end>  Stunning!  If you are even considering buying this then you should definatly BUY IY! It is so much nicer than I even thought it would be. On my girlfriends neck it looks so nice and she loves it. Well worth the money. <end>  this product seemed like it was done in a home garage.. it's not as advertised. if you were this product people will think that  this product seemed like it was done in a home garage.. it's not as advertised. if you were this product people will think that you made this in your own home. <end>  Wiccan pendant  I ordered this because it was different than other things I own. I liked too that it was a "protection" piece. It is a good size, it's solid, and of good quality, especially for the price I paid. Great buy/style all around! <end>  Protection Knot  This piece truly is as stunning as it looks. My soon to be husband and I both got one, and we both love them. People think it's an interesting conversation piece. <end>  Beautiful!!  I ordered this for my friend who is Wiccan, and when i recieved it, i didnt want to give it away. It is so beautiful and shiny, and i got it quickly. I don't think the picture gives this as much credit as it deserves. It is very beautiful.. a little pointy at the corner parts, but magnificent. She wears it every day!!  ) <end>
 B00023JXQW  Japanese WHEEL OF LAW Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Pretty but...  The chain is very cheap, and mine came all dirty, tarnished and just yucky. The pendant is beautiful, but also very tarnished. <end>  a great piece to own  I was pleasantly surprised when this arrived. It substantial in quality and weight with fantastic detail. I get comments on it every time I wear it. I wasn't crazy with the chain that came with it, although it too was quality. I switched the chain with a black silk rope chain and it really compliments the piece instead of a metal chain competing with it. If you like the picture of this on Amazon, YOU WILL LOVE IT LIVE AND AROUND YOUR NECK. <end>  substancial, but not too heavy  I love this pendant. The necklace I immediately gave to my son as a toy- not impressed- but the pendant is just great. 1 inch across and about 1 1/2 inch high and a little over 1/8 inch thick, it feels good on. Though you can feel the cutouts, they aren't lifted enough to be catching on clothing and such. Very satisfied! <end>  Beautiful  This is the 2nd one I've purchased. This one is even nicer and shinier. I get asked about it all the time when I'm wearing it which is always,very nice item <end>  dinky  this pendant is hollow - looks and feels cheap to me. Picture is misleading. In a side view you could see that it's actually pretty thick - but since it's hollow inside it's not very heavy.On a side note, I actually ordered it twice - first order never arrived (probably because I was deployed to Iraq and the APO system does sometimes lose things) so when I got back Stateside I re-ordered it and sent the seller a message saying that the first order never arrived. 2 weeks later and I still have not heard back from them. Then when the second order arrived, I was pretty disappointed to have gone through so much trouble for what turned out to be a dinky little necklace with a cheap chain. <end>  Awesome, but may require some cleaning  The talisman is great, I purchased in a store "Essence of Tibet" or something along those lines. The pewter metal encasing the design is nice, with a good weight and design on the back. The design is actually good enough to be worn in reverse, in my opinion. The front is comprised of brass and copper. There is a layer of copper covered by a brass layer which contains holes. These holes create the "Wheel of Law" design. I really do love the design, it's simple and subtle enough to be worn anywhere, but interesting enough to get compliments and gain interest from others. The chain serves its purpose. It doesn't perfectly compliment the talisman, but to be honest it's not that big of a deal. I am not sure what other reviewers are talking about when they say it's not comfortable or that it turns your skin green. I find that it's comfortable enough to forget it's there and it certainly does not turn your skin green.If you read the title of this review you would notice that it says "but may require some cleaning". From the many reviews of this line of talismans and my personal experience, I have determined that the bronze is not protected by any lacquer or other clear sealant. Because of this, when exposed to air and moisture, the bronze will slowly tarnish. This is not really an issue though, because there are many ways to preserve and clean bronze. Just search "clean bronze".All in all, this talisman makes a great personal purchase or gift purchase. If giving one as a gift, look at the other talismans first to determine which one would be best for your friend. The Wheel of Law is a great choice though, because it is supposed to attract "Health, Wealth, and Happiness". You can't go wrong with that. <end>  Pendant was great....  I agree with the previous reviewer about the pendant, but the chain itself needed replacement as it was not comfortable and did not suit the pendant. The pendant alone was worth the price though. <end>  smaller than expected but still nice  it's just a little bit bigger than a quarter and probably 3 times thicker. i really like the details, where one metal is cut and placed over another. bronze over copper? the cuts in the metal are fine, crisp, but will not cut you. the metal underneath has lots of character, some dark shades and a brushed-type finish. so it's still rustic looking but not to the point where it looks cheap. it looks well-made. the metal surrounding it (pewter maybe?) is perfect to keep the rustic look. if it was a bright shiney metal, it would ruin the effect. love the price too! <end>
 B00023JXTE  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Drop Celtic Knot 17" Necklace ||	  Nice, until it broke  At first glance I'd give this 4 Stars, and the chain was very nice too. All in all it is a lovely piece but all that goes for naught if it isnt durable enough to be worn. My Girl friend wore hers for a matter of days and the chain separated from the pendant (no, the chain did not snap, the ring thats attached to the pendant actualy came apart, almost like it wasn't "soldered" on properly. Either way, I can't imagine how to fix it myself and with no where to attach a chain on the one side, its basicly usless. Thus, 2 stars. <end>  Very pretty  This necklace is very, very pretty. The chain the pendant is on is especially nice- much nicer than the average plain chain most are on. <end>  did not look like online photo  Generally when items are enlarged for viewing details, websites indicate it. The topaz stone was extremely small and I didn't feel comfortable giving it as the pressent I originally purchased it for. <end>  Very Pretty  Necklace is very pretty. Would have given 5 stars but the clasp is a little hard to use... Also, the picture was enlarged so the necklace is slighty smaller but still very pretty. Overall a good purchase. <end>
 B00023JYAC  2mm Sterling Silver 30" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Gorgeous, High Quality Silver Necklace  *****This necklace is so lovely and of such high quality; I was so pleased to receive it. It is shinier and more beautiful than the picture! Note the lobster clasp, which is very sturdy and pretty as well.Since the vendor does not list it as "nickel free" I researched it on the Internet and found that apparently .925 sterling silver is always nickel free; I am mentioning this in case you are like me and were wondering about this because of allergies.The vendor ships very, very quickly (I had my item within 4 days) and for the price, I found everything about this necklace to be superb. I would have gladly paid twice the cost for it.Highly recommended.***** <end>  I love Amazon jewlery  This is the second piece of jewlery that I've purched from Amazon and I was more then satisfied with the piece and loved how fast it got to me. <end>  It's pretty!  I really liked the necklace. It was just the right length, the silver is nice and shiny, it's easy to look after (polish and the like), and i don't think it's going to break easily, which is excellent. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants something to hang a dog tag on, or something like that. <end>  Beautiful ss chain  This is a great looking item; the beads are smalled than I anticipated but I love it anyway. It really compliments the pendant that I purchased it to go with.Satisfying buying experience, will buy from this seller again. <end>  Watch out!  True, the chain is lovely. But notice the clasp was a little cheap. The first day I wore the chain, it feel off. <end>  30" Ball Chain Necklace  I wanted a long ball chain that I could tuck in my shirt when I wanted to hide it and that I could just pull over my head when I wanted to remove it. This is that necklace. It's perfect if you are looking for a longer chain to wear a locket or pendant on, especially if you want something with a little edge to it. It can look tough or feminine depending on how or what you wear with it. I love it. Good price, great service. I'm very satisfied. <end>  Nice  I liked the chain although I am not sure it was worth the price. Maybe I am cheap. I do live on a fixed income. If you don't mind the price the necklace is nice. Very shiney. <end>  Bead or Ball Chain  Great quality and so far very sturdy. Comfortable to wear and looks great with gold or silver pendants. I would definitely recommend. <end>  Very Nice Piece  Side by side, the beads are slightly smaller than the average sized military dog tag chain at 2mm, but you can't tell if worn. This 2mm necklace is a very nice piece. I got this for a friend who wanted to wear this with his uniform. Standard shipping was very fast, ordered this on a Monday and got it in the mail Thursday so Silver Insanity does a great job getting orders shipped out. Overall, I am very happy with this necklace. <end>  better than expected  The weight was surprisingly heavier than I thought it would be for this price. The silver was dazzlingly white - it actually gleams! It just 'feels good around my neck.' <end>  2mm sterling silver bean chain necklace 30"  I am very pleased with the necklace. It was much more delicate than I thought it was going to be, and that is a GOOD thing!!! I am using it to hold a silver locket that I received as a gift as a child and the chain goes very well with it!!!!! <end>  30" bead chain  just as advertised. i am very happy with the product. i ordered a sterling silver poison box pendant to hang on this chain which made a perfect set. <end>  Silver necklace  Daughter love her chain, quick delivery... ahead of schedule. I would highly recommend this product. Beautiful luster <end>
 B00023JYD4  Sterling Silver Red Garnet and Marcasite Cross Pendant with Antiqued 18" Chain Necklace ||	  Lovely!!  I am addicted to jewelry!! this is a beautiful cross, the garnets are a nice color, and overall I am very pleased with it. <end>
 B00023JZ1K  Adjustable Claw Sterling Silver Gothic Fingertip or Thumbtip Fingernail Armor Ring ||	  unbelievable piece  So I love all armor rings of Silver Insanity as I have bought those with all different colors of natural stones. Having said that, to me this one really comes out great. Real armor in a ring which I actually wear on my ring finger. Very comfortable and sufficiently big, as I am a fan of big unique chunky rings. <end>
 B00023JZGK  Sterling Silver Ivy Leaf Vine Branch Marcasite Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Careful With This One!  I love this ring, it is just as pictured and looks very elegant. The only caveat I have is that the shape and structure lend the ring to easy bends--I have already broken a couple soldered points. Also, I snag it on lots of things--clothes mainly--so I end up shelving the thing more than wearing it. But I am pretty rough on my hands, so if you aren't, this is a great ring for you. <end>  Nearly covers your whole finger! Nice and lean!  Silver Insanity has the best accessories!!! I saw the image of the ring on Amazon and immediately fell in love. I love rings that covers your proximal phalanx (the bone in your finger closest to your hand). When I received the ring, (earlier than counted upon), I was a little disappointed to see how little it looked and how dainty but that was before I tried it on. I was expecting the ring to be bulky and glad it wasn't. The fingers surrounding it wasn't bothered or irritated thx to the rings slimness. I recommend using the ring size chart b/c I had thought I'd be a 6; turns out, I'm a 7. What was misleading, though, is the picture. The leaves are shown bright, but it looks noticably darker (inside the outer rimming of the leaf, to where the gems are) when you have it in your hands. My fingers are long and slender. The ring didn't twist or turn about, but it didn't cover my proximal phalanx completely. I'll measure... from the end of the bottom leave to the end of the top, it's about 3.3cm. My middle proximal phalanx (the bone in your middle finger closest to your hand) is about 3.8cm. And if you should run your fingers through your hair, the leaves will not get entangled! Nice!You can wear the damn ring everywhere!!! I love it! <end>  Great product!  I love this ring. It is fun and it looks nice. I get compliments about it every time I wear it. <end>  Unique  Ring was nice, and unique. The points do snag on things though. And one of the "diamond" chips fell out but you can't really tell. <end>  Classy  Love the looks of this piece. Very classy and elegant, yet does not preak the bank. <end>  my favorite ring  The pictures don't do this ring any justice. It's a very pretty, unique ring. <end>  great ring!  I love this ring! I originally found it when I was reordering another vine ring from silver insanity. My boyfriend's mom gave me the vines and leaves ring which I also love, and I wore it at work too much (I'm a waitress) and a piece broke off. I went to amazon to order a replacement and found this ring. I ended up ordering both rings. I love this one because I can wear it at work and it has only caught on things a few times, and it was pretty easy to bend it right back into shape. The price was unbeatable and the quality of the ring was better than I expected. I have had so many complements on it, that I am going to order the matching earings!!! <end>  love the ring, but....  I love this ring, I really do. It's absolutely gorgeous. The only problem is that so far i have already lost three of the stones it in. It still looks ok, but losing those stones definately dissapointed me. I still wear it almost every day though. <end>  Worth it!  perfect pricing for this ring! Pretty! delivered quickly & in great condition! <end>
 B00023JZGU  Sterling Silver Ivy Leaf Vine Branch Marcasite Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Careful With This One!  I love this ring, it is just as pictured and looks very elegant. The only caveat I have is that the shape and structure lend the ring to easy bends--I have already broken a couple soldered points. Also, I snag it on lots of things--clothes mainly--so I end up shelving the thing more than wearing it. But I am pretty rough on my hands, so if you aren't, this is a great ring for you. <end>  Nearly covers your whole finger! Nice and lean!  Silver Insanity has the best accessories!!! I saw the image of the ring on Amazon and immediately fell in love. I love rings that covers your proximal phalanx (the bone in your finger closest to your hand). When I received the ring, (earlier than counted upon), I was a little disappointed to see how little it looked and how dainty but that was before I tried it on. I was expecting the ring to be bulky and glad it wasn't. The fingers surrounding it wasn't bothered or irritated thx to the rings slimness. I recommend using the ring size chart b/c I had thought I'd be a 6; turns out, I'm a 7. What was misleading, though, is the picture. The leaves are shown bright, but it looks noticably darker (inside the outer rimming of the leaf, to where the gems are) when you have it in your hands. My fingers are long and slender. The ring didn't twist or turn about, but it didn't cover my proximal phalanx completely. I'll measure... from the end of the bottom leave to the end of the top, it's about 3.3cm. My middle proximal phalanx (the bone in your middle finger closest to your hand) is about 3.8cm. And if you should run your fingers through your hair, the leaves will not get entangled! Nice!You can wear the damn ring everywhere!!! I love it! <end>  Great product!  I love this ring. It is fun and it looks nice. I get compliments about it every time I wear it. <end>  Unique  Ring was nice, and unique. The points do snag on things though. And one of the "diamond" chips fell out but you can't really tell. <end>  Classy  Love the looks of this piece. Very classy and elegant, yet does not preak the bank. <end>  my favorite ring  The pictures don't do this ring any justice. It's a very pretty, unique ring. <end>  great ring!  I love this ring! I originally found it when I was reordering another vine ring from silver insanity. My boyfriend's mom gave me the vines and leaves ring which I also love, and I wore it at work too much (I'm a waitress) and a piece broke off. I went to amazon to order a replacement and found this ring. I ended up ordering both rings. I love this one because I can wear it at work and it has only caught on things a few times, and it was pretty easy to bend it right back into shape. The price was unbeatable and the quality of the ring was better than I expected. I have had so many complements on it, that I am going to order the matching earings!!! <end>  love the ring, but....  I love this ring, I really do. It's absolutely gorgeous. The only problem is that so far i have already lost three of the stones it in. It still looks ok, but losing those stones definately dissapointed me. I still wear it almost every day though. <end>  Worth it!  perfect pricing for this ring! Pretty! delivered quickly & in great condition! <end>  Careful With This One!  I love this ring, it is just as pictured and looks very elegant. The only caveat I have is that the shape and structure lend the ring to easy bends--I have already broken a couple soldered points. Also, I snag it on lots of things--clothes mainly--so I end up shelving the thing more than wearing it. But I am pretty rough on my hands, so if you aren't, this is a great ring for you. <end>  Nearly covers your whole finger! Nice and lean!  Silver Insanity has the best accessories!!! I saw the image of the ring on Amazon and immediately fell in love. I love rings that covers your proximal phalanx (the bone in your finger closest to your hand). When I received the ring, (earlier than counted upon), I was a little disappointed to see how little it looked and how dainty but that was before I tried it on. I was expecting the ring to be bulky and glad it wasn't. The fingers surrounding it wasn't bothered or irritated thx to the rings slimness. I recommend using the ring size chart b/c I had thought I'd be a 6; turns out, I'm a 7. What was misleading, though, is the picture. The leaves are shown bright, but it looks noticably darker (inside the outer rimming of the leaf, to where the gems are) when you have it in your hands. My fingers are long and slender. The ring didn't twist or turn about, but it didn't cover my proximal phalanx completely. I'll measure... from the end of the bottom leave to the end of the top, it's about 3.3cm. My middle proximal phalanx (the bone in your middle finger closest to your hand) is about 3.8cm. And if you should run your fingers through your hair, the leaves will not get entangled! Nice!You can wear the damn ring everywhere!!! I love it! <end>  Great product!  I love this ring. It is fun and it looks nice. I get compliments about it every time I wear it. <end>  Unique  Ring was nice, and unique. The points do snag on things though. And one of the "diamond" chips fell out but you can't really tell. <end>  Classy  Love the looks of this piece. Very classy and elegant, yet does not preak the bank. <end>  my favorite ring  The pictures don't do this ring any justice. It's a very pretty, unique ring. <end>  great ring!  I love this ring! I originally found it when I was reordering another vine ring from silver insanity. My boyfriend's mom gave me the vines and leaves ring which I also love, and I wore it at work too much (I'm a waitress) and a piece broke off. I went to amazon to order a replacement and found this ring. I ended up ordering both rings. I love this one because I can wear it at work and it has only caught on things a few times, and it was pretty easy to bend it right back into shape. The price was unbeatable and the quality of the ring was better than I expected. I have had so many complements on it, that I am going to order the matching earings!!! <end>  love the ring, but....  I love this ring, I really do. It's absolutely gorgeous. The only problem is that so far i have already lost three of the stones it in. It still looks ok, but losing those stones definately dissapointed me. I still wear it almost every day though. <end>  Worth it!  perfect pricing for this ring! Pretty! delivered quickly & in great condition! <end>
 B00023JZYM  Sterling Silver Griffin Gryphon on Clear Quartz Pendant ||	  Nice piece of jewelry  This is a nice piece of jewelry. However, I would caution against wearing while working out/sweating. The quartz ball has come out because the glue gave out. A little super glue fixed the problem but there are just some pieces of jewelry you shouldn't wear when sweating...even accidentally! It has also been quite a conversation-starter  my friends are asking the significance of the griffon... <end>
 B00023K07I  Western Native American Indian Zuni Bear Fetish with Carved Details Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Cool Cross  I have a collection of cross necklaces. I enjoyed adding this one to my collection. Very cool. <end>
 B00023K07S  Sterling Silver Marcasite Jewish Star of David Pendant ||	  It Looks Cheap  It was inexpensive and it looks cheap. Upon examination, it was not made cheaply. The silver is solid, the stones are bead set and it is bordered with milgrain(little sterling beads around the edge of the pendant). The problem--whoever designed this piece flattened the surface so much so that it looks almost concave. It makes the pendant appear really thin and flimsy, when it actually isn't, because the surface is so flat, it appears that someone took a beautiful Star of David and glued on some black glitter. It has no depth. The reverse side of this pendant is solid silver and it actually looks better. I don't like this piece of jewelry, but I won't go through the hassle of sending it back. I previously purchase some lovely marcasite earrings from another company, I would definitely not wear this pendant with my earrings. It is a disappointment, because I purchased this pendant to go along with my earrings. I also love the Star of David and this is a poor representation. <end>  Just as described  I had this wish listed and my parents bought it for me. The back is smooth and the bail is solid. The marcasite stones are evenly set in the silver. It's as good as it looks in the listing. <end>  Beautiful Star of David  This Marcasite Star of David is much more beautiful than the picture shows. I love the size, weight, and look of this beautiful pendant. <end>  Nice, especially for the price  I have this necklace, and get a lot of compliments on it. It's not fine jewelry, but man, it's 13 dollars! For that, I think it is really nice. It holds up well, and goes with everything. I have 3 different Star of David necklaces, and this is the one I probably wear the most. <end>  Lovely pendant for the price  Unlike the other reviewer, I was quite happy with this Star of David. I wear it frequently and get lots of compliments on it. I wear it with other marcasite earrings. It's not fine antique jewelry, but it still sparkles and looks beautiful. <end>
 B00023K08W  Sterling Silver Marcasite Heart Post Dangle Earrings ||	  Pretty Design, but...  I really liked the design of these earrings, but the pair I received wasn't as light as the online photo and there were very few marcasites, so they didn't sparkle. I returned them. <end>  Sterling Silver Marcasite Heart Post Dangle Earrings  These go with anything. Durable, haven't tarnished in the 18 months I've had them. great product for the money. <end>  Great Online Shopping Experience!  Jewelry was received as promised. Everything looked great and it arrived fast. <end>
 B00023K0LY  Diamond-Cut 3mm Sterling Silver 36" Figaro Chain Necklace Italian Made ||	  figaro chain  I have a hard time finding chains more than 30 inches . This chain was 36 inches and perfect for me ! Well made ,nice weight to it . will order from this company again! <end>  buena  Tengo un tiempo difcil encontrar cadenas de m&iexcl;s de 30 pulgadas. Esta cadena es de 36 pulgadas y perfecto para m! Bien hecho, el peso agradable para l. voy a ordenar de esta compaa de nuevo! <end>
 B00023K0XC  New 2" Huge Sterling Silver Flower Oval Locket Pendant ||	  I love the size of this!  I bought this because it was the largest sized locket I could find, and I'm very happy with it. The picture is not so tiny you can't tell what it is. This locket just needs an occasional polish and has lasted me well for almost three years. Definitely recommended! <end>  The Lovely Locket  I am so pleased with this lovely locket. The sample picture of the locket was true to size and detail. I love it and was so pleased when it arrived. I have already placed two pictures in the locket and I wear it constantly. It is amazing how many compliments I receive. <end>  Gorgeous locket, a rare find in this size  Beautiful, fine quality, hard-to-find-size sterling locket which I will use for my upcoming wedding ... Will put photos of my late parents in it and attach it to my bridal bouquet. Fine carving, sturdy clasp, yet easy to open. Very fast shipping in secure box. Highly recommend this seller and this locket. <end>
 B00023K0XM  Sterling Silver Open Celtic Cross Charm or Pendant - Medium Size ||	  FABULOUS PIECE OF JEWELRY  The best way to describe this product is that I just "love it!". I wear it often..it is a beautiful piece of jewelry. It is well crafted and seems to hold up very well. I recommend this to anyone that is looking for a smiliar piece. I am sure you won't be disappointed. <end>  Gorgeous cross  My wife got this cross and never takes it off, it's like her signature style. She wears three pendants all the time and this one is there always. she loves it. <end>  Celtic Cross Pendant  I liked this cross very much, the scroll work was very nice, Good choice of pattern for a cross. <end>  Looks cheap!  This item looked great on the computer, once it arrived it looked like it came from a gum ball dispenser. Very flimsy, and thin. The design is beautiful, but the quality is not there. <end>
 B00023K1UY  Large Sterling Silver Gothic Biker Scorpion Slide Pendant ||	  Beautiful  I purchased this as a gift for my husband whose sign is Scorpion. He loved it. It is good quality and a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Pretty Cool Pendant  I like it. It's nice, heavy pewter, and is nice and shiny!Only negatives  It doesn't come with a chain of any sort, so you need to improvise what you got, and it is very sharp so if you have it on wrong, or you rough house with it, you do get little red pokes around your chest and... *blush* neck. Some people are weird and manage that... <end>  this scorpion is sharp in more ways than one  As much as I like this piece the legs come to sharp points which stab you or your clothing when worn. The legs also bind with the chain I wanted to wear this with so I had to go with a smaller chain that doesn't look as good with it. <end>  gothic scroiopn  hay. this is good size. heavy and all. really didn't get why was under gothic part. but other then that. 4 star <end>
 B00023K1Y0  Faith, Hope, and Love Silver Bead Stretch Bracelet Set ||	  not happy  This bracelet broke immediatly when my daughter tried to put it on her wrist.Very poor construction,DON'T waste your money!! <end>  Broke  Bracelet broke the minute i put it on! And ive been trying to email them to tell them and ask if i can send it back and get a new one and its been two weeks now and i havent gotten a reply yet!!! <end>  Pretty - but .....  I bought these as little gifts for 3 of my elementary school students. Two of the bracelets broke the very first attempt the girls put them on. <end>  Fabulous present  This is a great gift to send. The quality and style are outstanding. <end>  I wear these on my ankles and wrists.  I really like these bracelets. The words hold significance to me, both personally and religously. They are a nice accent to all of the silver jewelry in style these days. <end>  Don't bother  I bought this because it looked so pretty and I was really happy when it arrived but UNFORTUNATLEY after less than a month it lost it's silver color and blackened so don't bother buying it. It won't even last a month before it looses it's color. <end>  Nice  The bracelets are nice.. Didn't break when i put them on.. They are stretchy and would match with any outfit. I love them except they kind of look like they are meant to be worn by a little kid...****After wearing the bracelt the first day I had it, I came home and took it off and it broke to pieces!!***** <end>  JUNK  I bought these for my daughter and her friends. While they look beautiful and appear to make a great gift, the minute you put them on your wrist or take them off they break and millions of beads go everywhere. Please dont waste your money. They are cheap pieces if JUNK!! <end>  Just love it !!!  I bought this because of the words & it looked so charming with the pink ribbon. All my friends & workmates love it. They want one themselves! Definitely worth its money. I've had it for 4 mths now and wear it at least 3-4 days weekly. It hasn't turned colour and it's still in tip top shape. It's all about how you care it! <end>  Simple Beauty  These bracelets can be worn as a set or individually.You can give one to your best friend or to someone who needs a smile. <end>
 B00023K1ZE  Sterling Silver Turtle Tortoise Motion Spin Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Nice!  This ring is well worth the price. It's silver, so it won't turn your finger green, it's adorable, and for those who like to keep their hands busy this is perfect. It's definitely worth more than they're asking for. <end>
 B00023K2GW  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Amethyst Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Marcasite ring, simply lovely.  Great ring, quick delivery. Happy with purchase. Lovely design and happy to have it in amethyst purple, my favorite! Marcasite is a unique style and I'm glad its making a comeback into fashion world. <end>  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Ring  We bought this for our 13 year old daughter and I will agree with the other reviews that it is prettier in person than the computer picture. The amethyst is clear, not cloudy. The designs on the bands are also clear, they do not stand out on the computer picture. It's not a very big ring, I would call it dainty, but it will get noticed. We haven't had any issues with the stone, in fact, we've taken to get it sized just a little bit bigger as they do not come in half sizes and we've had not problems. <end>  poor quality of silver  First the ring is darker than it looks in the picture. The stone also looks darker and more purple. The quality of silver is poor. <end>  very beautiful.  i was impressed with this ring because it looks more beautiful thant what you see in the computer.defenitly worth it. <end>  I love it!  I love this ring! I bought it as a present for myself and am so glad I did. The marquise is beautiful and the Amethyst is a nice cut and not cloudy. You can't beat this price either! The only negative comment I could give is that the setting has two sharper edges that my boyfriend has complained about when holding my hand- but it hasn't hurt me! <end>  Awesome ring! Great deal!  This ring definatley looked nicer than it did on the computer.It's gorgeous and there are no down-sides what so ever!I love it! <end>  pretty junk  One star is one too many for this piece of jewelry, but I had no choice, as I had to enter a rating. Personally, I believe it deserves 0 stars. When I received the ring in the mail I was pleasantly surprised, as the setting was beautiful and the stone very clear. But after wearing it only a few short hours, the stone came loose, unbeknownst to me, and as I later discovered, fell out. It is not an expensive piece by any means, so I was not too put out over it, but if you are considering purchasing this item, I would suggest passing this one up. <end>  Very pretty!  Beautiful ring, however be sure not to knock it on anything... after wearing it for long periods the stone gets loose. It hasn't fallen out yet, but you can tell it is thinking about it.Even if it does, though, I've definitely gotten my monies worth! <end>  loser  the stone fell out one day after owning this ring,it is very beautiful and i would have it set again, this time much better than was shipped,but i cannot find the stone.oh i guess i won't be shopping here anymore <end>  Pretty,but shoddy workmanship....  A good price for a pretty ring...but if you are intending for a "daily wearing" kind of ring, you may want to look further.The marcasite stones began to fall out after the first few months of wear..... <end>  4 star review  I loved the elegant design and it was just as ordered when I received it. The only thing I would have wished were different was a larger stone-and wouldn't have minded paying extra for that. I really liked the unique design. I love the jewelry selections at Amazon.com. <end>  Not happy  You get what you pay for here. I think it is prettier on the computer than in person. My son's girlfriend wore it two days and it started tarnishing. She was so happy with it when he first gave it to her, so I hate that it is not holding up. <end>  Simply Beautiful  This ring is just beautiful.Very nice quality and elegance for the price.I wear it every day and recieve many compliments,including "are you engaged"? I'm not,but that should tell you how nice the ring is..And it does feel nice to hear that little compliment.&lt;smiles> <end>  This is a pretty one  The medal is shiny and the stone is pretty and clear. It is a little bit darker than the picture shown, but not drastically. I like it a lot, it is lovely and the band isn't so wide its uncomfortable, its a nice snug fit. Thank you for this nice piece of Jewelry, I love rings and love collecting them <end>  Great product  Love this product. It is very beautiful and elgante. Looks like I spent more then I did. <end>  Beautiful!! Awesome price!  This ring is gorgeous!! The stone is actually a deeper purple than what the picture shows. The style is very unique & funky - but at the same time it's dainty - which I love. I'm planning on buying the Garnet version of this ring for my mom. Highly recommend Silver Insanity! <end>
 B00023K2XU  Sterling Silver X Weave Puzzle Ring Size 9.5(Size 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Silver Puzzle Ring  The ring was very beautiful and exactly as described. The only problem we have is my daughter took it apart out of curriosity. She has not been able to put it back together using the instructions provided on the web. We also noted the silver is very soft and bends easily. <end>  nice  do not let ring get undone, takes a while to put back together. Accidentallydropped it at work and it everyone attempted to put it back together, it took hours..... <end>  unique puzzle ring  I purchased this ring because when I was younger I owned one. The ring is exactly what I hoped it would be. It took me sometime to put it together the first time I took it off, but I finally figured it out with tips from an online video that helped me through. Now I can put it back together when needed. I wear this ring every day. It is simple and nice looking. <end>  puzzle ring  Love the ring. Very comfortable. Shipping turnaround was great. Only downside is be careful taking it off..takes forever to figure how to put it back together, unless you are looking for something to do.  ) <end>  Puzzle Directions  I love this ring-- I wore one for almost 4 years before losing it (so I'm here to get another!).For those of you who accidentally drop it, these instructions accurately illustrate how I put mine back together [...]There's a little trick though, the 2 pieces that form the X shape across the front only fit in one configuration, so if they don't fit together perfectly, drop the piece on the rightmost side and bring it back up to be on the left hand side of the piece you're still holding. This should rearrange the pieces so that they will twist together correctly.Once you get the hang of it you can put it together in seconds. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very cute ring!! I read the reviews on this ring before I bought it, and saw how difficult some said it was to fit back together after taking it appart, so I haven't done that yet. Although it looks VERY tempting, I will not be taking it apart, but it is VERY pretty to wear!! <end>  Nice Puzzle Ring  Ordering was easy. The order arrived promptly and was well packaged. I bought this for my daughter (in her 20's) because she loves puzzles. She was quite pleased with the ring. I would prefer that the assembly instructions be included with the purchase of the ring. Overall, a pleasant shopping experience. <end>
 B00023K316  Wrinkled Unique Antiqued Crushed Can Sterling Silver Cuff Bracelet ||	  Love It!  I received this bracelet for Christmas 2008 and I love it! I always receive many compliments when I wear it. I love bold signature pieces and this bracelet fits the bill! It is not heavy or binding on the wrist. I have not bought the matching ring yet but believe me, I will. <end>  beautiful and did the trick  purchased for our anniversary. Found it later in a local jewelry store for twice the price. It is very beautiful and will certainly impress your spouse. ( happy husband) <end>
 B00023K31Q  Large Sterling Silver BUTTERFLY on Amethyst Pendant ||	  she loved it.  It was a Christmas gift for a friend and she loved it. Butterflys and purple things are two of her favorites. This was a perfect gift. It arrived in time and in great shape. <end>
 B00023K3ES  Catholic Sterling Silver Rosary Beads 24" Necklace with Crucifix ||	  Dont buy  While the style of the necklace was nice the quality of the silver is poor, very poor and not marked as being silver either which makes me wonder if its silver at all <end>  THIS IS NOT PURE SILVER  THIS IS NOT PURE SILVER I BUY THIS AS A GIFT FOR SOME ONE . THE SILVER TURN BLACK. IN MATTER OFF WEEKS, BUYING THIS YOU WILL END UP FEELING RIP OFF MAKE IT MORE WOST IF IS A GIFT FOR SOME ONE <end>  Nice but flea market would have been cheaper.  Although I like the design of this necklace, I found that the quality of sterling silver is very poor. <end>  Not what it Seems  I purchased this item for my husband, under " Men's Rosary's Necklace and was so excited to recieve it to give him for christmas. When it arrivedI was in shocked to see it in the smallest pkg ever and then recieved it in a dime bag!!I started crying and told my husband I was sorry, I hoped it would of fit a "Mens" neck, now my 10 yrs old daughter wears it. Im so thankful I have a Husband who is forgiving,I waitd to long for this gift and was very disappionted!!!So unless your getting this for a child, "DONT BUY IT"!!!! <end>  Rosary vs. Necklace  A rosary and a necklace are NOT the same thing. It is disrespectful to wear a rosary as a necklace. Rosaries should only be worn on the belt or around the wrist to keep it close for praying, NOT as an ornament. If you are Catholic and you wear it, you should know better and if you are not and you wear it, you should know it sends the wrong message and is offensive. Crosses or crucifixes may be worn around the neck, however, so if you're looking for something to wear it's not this product. <end>  silver rosary  this was a gift for my wifes grandmother who was about 80 years of age. she lived in N.Y. and recieved it and enjoyed having it near her bedside. soon after she passed away and my wife and i got the rosary back. its something we hold and look at time to time to remember her beauty and faith. its a great gift for anyone. <end>  awesome gift  just received the neckalace and was suprised of how much i enjoyed it. thougth that it was ganna be cheap looking, far from it..will highly recommend it to anybody <end>
 B00023K3F2  Heavy Sterling Silver Wire & Chain Mens Ring Size 8(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Great ring...  I like this ring very much, it is actually the first ring I have ever purchased for myself, and fits my appearance well(Im, kind of a rocker guy). The only negative things about the ring is that it can damage some things due to the deep ridges. Also, do not wear the ring if you are using a bar of soap, because it will literally dig chunks out of the soap, and get stuck in the ring. It is easy to wash out, but reaps hell on your soap supply, haha. However, I feel that this was a great purchase, and I actually feel "naked" when I take the ring off. It almost feels like it's meant to be on my hand at this point. Which I've only worn for a little over a month. Also, if your fingers are very close together, I would not reccomend this ring, I have boney more spaced out fingers. However, if you do not have a boney more thin spaced out fingered hand. You are most likely going to have sores on your surrounding fingers from the width of the ring, unless you put the ring on your thumb. I even had a sore in the webbing of my fingers. However, I like the ring so much I left it on and the sore went away....P.S. The ring also seems to protect my hand. If I make a fist or touch something with the outside of the hand. The ring always seems to make first contact. <end>  Loving Ring  I bought this product as a second ring to wear when I was dressed casually. After I recieved the ring it has become my number one choice to wear. It is comfortable and actually has a classy look to it.I wear this ring all the time and get many compliments on it. When I ordered this ring I never thought I would love it as much as I do. This ring was a great find. <end>  Nice Ring  I love this ring. I purchased it from Amazon about a year ago and I wear it everyday. I get many compliments about the ring. I would recommend this ring to anywho who is into silver. <end>  christmas  the ring is sturdy, and heavy, worth the price, came quickly, my husband loved it. he wears it all the time., <end>
 B00023K3FM  Sterling Silver Wire & Chain Mens Ring size 8.5(Size 7,8,11,12) ||	  Great ring...  I like this ring very much, it is actually the first ring I have ever purchased for myself, and fits my appearance well(Im, kind of a rocker guy). The only negative things about the ring is that it can damage some things due to the deep ridges. Also, do not wear the ring if you are using a bar of soap, because it will literally dig chunks out of the soap, and get stuck in the ring. It is easy to wash out, but reaps hell on your soap supply, haha. However, I feel that this was a great purchase, and I actually feel "naked" when I take the ring off. It almost feels like it's meant to be on my hand at this point. Which I've only worn for a little over a month. Also, if your fingers are very close together, I would not reccomend this ring, I have boney more spaced out fingers. However, if you do not have a boney more thin spaced out fingered hand. You are most likely going to have sores on your surrounding fingers from the width of the ring, unless you put the ring on your thumb. I even had a sore in the webbing of my fingers. However, I like the ring so much I left it on and the sore went away....P.S. The ring also seems to protect my hand. If I make a fist or touch something with the outside of the hand. The ring always seems to make first contact. <end>  Loving Ring  I bought this product as a second ring to wear when I was dressed casually. After I recieved the ring it has become my number one choice to wear. It is comfortable and actually has a classy look to it.I wear this ring all the time and get many compliments on it. When I ordered this ring I never thought I would love it as much as I do. This ring was a great find. <end>  Nice Ring  I love this ring. I purchased it from Amazon about a year ago and I wear it everyday. I get many compliments about the ring. I would recommend this ring to anywho who is into silver. <end>  christmas  the ring is sturdy, and heavy, worth the price, came quickly, my husband loved it. he wears it all the time., <end>
 B00023K3FW  Sterling Silver Rose Quartz Hummingbird Slide Pendant ||	  Humingbird Pendant  Pendant was what I expected. It is lovely. The price was right and it was shipped on time and arrived in a timely manner5. <end>  Not my best buy....  As a jewelry business owner/creator I purchase pieces to check quality and pricing as well as to use in various creations. This particular piece was not described well to know that the back is "hollow", the stone free setting (the picture does not visually reveal this). I likely will not purchase, will be more discriminating and would return future less than satisfactory items as this. It was a bit of a let down from my other buys, for the price. <end>
 B00023K3I4  Sterling Silver X Weave Puzzle Ring Size 8.5 ||	  Silver Puzzle Ring  The ring was very beautiful and exactly as described. The only problem we have is my daughter took it apart out of curriosity. She has not been able to put it back together using the instructions provided on the web. We also noted the silver is very soft and bends easily. <end>  nice  do not let ring get undone, takes a while to put back together. Accidentallydropped it at work and it everyone attempted to put it back together, it took hours..... <end>  unique puzzle ring  I purchased this ring because when I was younger I owned one. The ring is exactly what I hoped it would be. It took me sometime to put it together the first time I took it off, but I finally figured it out with tips from an online video that helped me through. Now I can put it back together when needed. I wear this ring every day. It is simple and nice looking. <end>  puzzle ring  Love the ring. Very comfortable. Shipping turnaround was great. Only downside is be careful taking it off..takes forever to figure how to put it back together, unless you are looking for something to do.  ) <end>  Puzzle Directions  I love this ring-- I wore one for almost 4 years before losing it (so I'm here to get another!).For those of you who accidentally drop it, these instructions accurately illustrate how I put mine back together [...]There's a little trick though, the 2 pieces that form the X shape across the front only fit in one configuration, so if they don't fit together perfectly, drop the piece on the rightmost side and bring it back up to be on the left hand side of the piece you're still holding. This should rearrange the pieces so that they will twist together correctly.Once you get the hang of it you can put it together in seconds. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very cute ring!! I read the reviews on this ring before I bought it, and saw how difficult some said it was to fit back together after taking it appart, so I haven't done that yet. Although it looks VERY tempting, I will not be taking it apart, but it is VERY pretty to wear!! <end>  Nice Puzzle Ring  Ordering was easy. The order arrived promptly and was well packaged. I bought this for my daughter (in her 20's) because she loves puzzles. She was quite pleased with the ring. I would prefer that the assembly instructions be included with the purchase of the ring. Overall, a pleasant shopping experience. <end>
 B00023K3UM  Christmas or Winter Snowflake Charms Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Beautiful gift for a loved one  I got these earrings for my sister's birthday. They were so beautiful, I got a pair for myself. Could not be more pleased with the beauty and quality of these earrings. Can't wait to order the other items in my wish list that come from this company. <end>  just what I wanted  Hubby gave these to me for Christmas (I picked them out) and they're lovely, just the right size, shiny and delicate, not too heavy. Like 'em a lot. <end>  bad  Very cheap earrings, bends like aluminum would not recommend them to anyone. Was expecting more than cracker jack box quality. <end>  Let it Snow!  Exactly as pictured and promised. These earrings are among my favorite, and I wear them thinking &#34;let it snow!&#34; I had to replace a lost snowflake earring, and found these. The price was right also. <end>  Christmas or Winter Snowflake Charms Sterling Silver Hook Earring  I've ordered 3 sets of snowflake earrings. Finally I found what I was looking for. They have just a little dangle. I love them. <end>  Dainty, delicate, classic  The product as shown in the advertising seems larger than the actual size. The ear rings themselves are well made of fine silver, detailed, delicate and reminiscent of a real snowflake. I think they are even more attractive and subtle because they are not oversized and gaudy. When they arrived they were packaged in a small zip lock bag (not so classy) within a black velvet bag (very classy). I understand however that this was probably done to protect the velvet bag. I'd just repackage them if giving this item as a gift... and they make a fine gift for a woman who knows how to accessorize for the season. <end>  JShafer  I bought these for myself to wear during the winter. I was very happy with them. They are very light weight. I would recommend them to anyone. They looked much prettier when I received them ! Very happy about the purchase. Great service... Judy <end>
 B00023K3YS  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Hook Earrings ||	  very poor quality... unacceptable  The silver on these is not a woven Celtic silver knot. The silver is die cut, thin, almost foil thin. The silver is poorly worked to make it look as though it is a knot, but there are many rough spots. the welding of the know to the stone setting is uneven. And caution, because it doesn't jump out at you from the product description, the stones are synthetic.The metal is stamped 925 (for sterling, but the workmanship is so bad I question whether this stamp is accurate). The ear wires are also stamped 925.Product is labeled "Made in Thailand." <end>  Cheap  Yes I know it is only $20 for these earings but I've bought much cheaper earings that are better quailty then these. I'm extremely disapointed with them. The stone doesn't shine as much as I wished and the metal feels almost plastic. It saddens me greatly that I bought them and they are like this. Perhaps if there were more pictures of the product then I'd be happier but this item is not even worth the $20 plus s&h. <end>  Blue Topaz is Synthetic  The earrings are sparkly and pretty. It wasn't until after I bought them when I went to create a review that I found the stone is synthetic. So be aware. <end>  cheaply made product. very disappointed.  I was stunned to see how cheaply made this product was. very light weight, almost has a plastic feel to it, no sparkle in the silver or gem, and I could easily bend the earring using little force. In all honestly, it looks straight from a 25 cent machine. Buyer Definitely beware. i returned immediately <end>  Not as solid as it looks  The stone is beautiful as is the celtic artwork, but the lack of weight/thickness to the silver portion makes it feel and look on the cheap side. Too bad. <end>  Very light with no backs, lost one first time wearing  Earrings pretty to look at but very light. A good price didn't matter since I lost one the first time I wore them. Earrings this light should have backs to keep secure. I complained to vendor and got no reply, not even an an acknowledgement or apology. <end>  topaz  for the money it is not to bad of a deal but, it they seem alittle cheap but, they are not a bad deal.. <end>  Lovely earrings for an Irish lassie...  I bought these earrings last year for a friend on the East Coast, so I haven't seen them yet. The colorful blue topaz stones first caught my eye, and I think the Celtic knot pattern and "dangly" style of the setting enhances their attractiveness.My friend is of Irish heritage, so I felt this pattern would make them more special to her. I became curious about that knot so Googled it to learn more. In case you don't know, Celtic knots are an Irish symbol you'll find everywhere in Ireland from designer jewelery to tattoos worn by rock n' rollers to, of course, the original Book of Kells back in old Dublin. It's not clear that Celtic knot drawings were ever meant to symbolize anything, but lots of modern people think they contain spiritual concepts. The knots are incredibly popular with followers of new age religions, magic societies and all sorts of other groups who want to draw an association with the oldest traditions of Ireland,That said, my friend's husband told me he likes them because they look so good on her and make her blue eyes look even bluer. Isn't that sweet? But most important, my friend loves them...and that's good enough for me!Highly recommended...and the price is right too.Reviewed by Betty Dravis, August 4, 2010Author of "Dream Reachers" (with Chase Von) and other books <end>  Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Earring  These looked nice on-line but in reality, they look very cheap. Bought them for my wife for Christmas but returned them immediately. <end>  beautiful and unique earring  I bought this pair of earrings for my special woman and she loves it. Its very unique and she's had nothing but compliments about it. <end>  These are beautiful earrings!  I ordered these earrings and received tons of compliments. I love them. The blue topaz is vibrant. Then one day I lost one of the earrings! I was so devastated I had to order another pair. They are so affordable-- that was not a problem at all! These feel so high quality, not chintzy at all. They look GREAT with denim and also are fabulous when dressing up. Very versatile. I LOVE these earrings and they are even prettier than the photo depicts. You won't be disappointed. <end>  beautiful delicate earrings  I love the earrings, they're so delicate and pretty. Very good quality, and quick shipping! Will buy from this retailer agian! <end>  Beautiful, Elegant...  These earrings are lovely and an excellent value. I just received them today and I was immediately struck by how beautiful they are. The service with this company is excellent and I am delighted with this purchase. I haven't taken them off since I opened the package this afternoon! These are for me, but they would make a fantastic and affordable gift. <end>  Silver is very thin  Beautiful earrings but I was disappointed in the weight of the earrings. The silver is very thin, upon delivery, one of the earrings was slightly bent. They are so thin that I just bent it back into shape. If you are expecting heavy, silver earrings...these aren't for you.But very pretty none the less. <end>  great company  I hve ordered a couple of things from 'Silver Insanity' and I would definitely order from them again. I love their collection of celtic knot jewelry. I love my earrings and get lots of complements on them. <end>  Celtic Knot Earrigs  I recently purchased these in both the blue topaz and garnet. A lovely design and a nice size but a pity they are "flat back". Drop earrings sometimes show the backside when worn. If these had been sculpted on the back also, they would be outstanding. <end>  Silver jewelry  These are very very nice earrings and especially for the price. I am always asked where did you get those and folks cannot believe the cost. They are light weight,but not cheap. <end>  Beautiful earrings!!!  I loved these earrings, They are beautiful and elegant, yet simple. I gave them to my brother's fiancee and she loved them (I've seen her wearing them a lot!)Great product and it was delivered on time, I highly recommend them if you are looking for a great and affordable gift. <end>  My stones are different sizes!!!!  I love the earrings but one of my stones is noticeably smaller than the other. I don't wear them much because of it. Wish I could buy one earring in hopes of matching a pair. <end>  Don't hesitate for a moment!  These Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Hook Earrings are light, shiny, beautiful and look much more costly than they are. I was really amazed by the quality, and would proudly give them as a gift to any friend.They look great with jeans, but equally nice for dressier wear. They are quite a bargain, and I'm certain I'll wear them again and again. <end>  Fantastic Earrings!  I got my order very quickly, so thank you for the speedy shipping and thank you for the gorgeous earrings. I wear them a lot, since they match so many of my clothes.--Beth  ) <end>  Love these!  I love these earrings! They are unique, beautiful, and they don't need an annoying rubber stopper in them to keep them on.great value! <end>  So very pretty  My daughter loves these earrings. She wears them when ever she dresses up since they match her eyes and fit in with the family heritage of Irish and Norwegian. <end>  EXQUISITE  THESE EARRINGS WERE A GIFT TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER WHO IS 17 YRS. OLD. BOTH SHE AND I THOUGHT THEY WERE BEAUTIFUL. SHE IS OF IRISH DESCENT SO SHE LOVED THEM EVEN MORE. <end>  Nice earrings  Bought these for my wife, she loves them. She thinks it's a little "elvish" and I have to agree. In real life it looks very much like on the photo. The other side is not so beautiful but not very bad either. I didn't expect much for the money it cost and I was pleasantly surprised. The packaging was not nice (a flimsy, unpleasant to the touch little bag), so get your own nice little box to give these earrings to your loved one. <end>  LOVE THEM!  I love these ear rings!! Well made and BEAUTIFUL!!! Every time I wear them I love them!  ) <end>  excellent  Your product was on target and i liked them. They made an excellent gift. Thought they were bigger. <end>  very pretty  These are very nice earrings, gave them as a gift and the recipient was vary happy with them. Nice quality. <end>  Lovely...  These were a Christmas gift for my daughter and she just loved the fact that they are her birthstone and of course, sterling silver. Nice value too!! <end>  Beautiful earrings  These are very well made, solid and beautiful earrings. They are an exceptional value for the money appearing a higher value than paid. The topaz is a clear light blue as shown in the picture. I received them as a gift and highly recommend them. <end>  It was a gift and she LOVES them!!  I gave these to my best friend on her birthday, and although she has 50 sets of earrings, she said she's worn this pair every day since receiving them. She also claims to get a lot of compliments. I love Silver Insanity items; they are real craft people <end>  Bought the first pair as a gift but kept them!  This is the second time I've purchased the same earrings. I bought the first pair as a Christmas gift for someone, but I loved how pretty they were and kept them and I wear them often. They're very appropriate for work OR jeans. They're very well made, a little smaller than they appear in the photo but that may just be the way I perceive things. Everything is smaller than I think it is when I buy it online.I just ordered another pair for a niece who lives out of state. Both times I've ordered they were shipped quickly. Very happy with this purchase. <end>  Cute earrings  Very cute. Not heavy at all. Fun pair of earrings. Good size for adults, not recommended for younger girls. Did not irritate my ears at all. <end>  A Nice Gift  I bought this for my mother-in-law and my mother.They both loved it and they look high-end earings.The only thing I didn't know and I didn't like was they are heavy and it shows when you are wearing them. <end>  Very nice  These were shipped fast and arrived on time. I was excited to see what they looked like. When I opened the box I was not disappointed. These are really good quality earrings for a great price. The front of the design is very nice. Only con I have against the earrings are the back. The back is flat. Not a big deal, because most people see these from the front. Over all this is a nice product. <end>  wonderful!  I purchased these earrings for my beach wedding. What a beautiful addition to my attire! And the shipping was quick. Recommend them completely. <end>  celtic knot earrings  They arrived when the were supposed to. The earrings are beautiful and I received many compliments on them. Easy to wear <end>  BEautiful  Beautiful earrings, a clear bright blue. Slightly smaller than I expected, but not a bad size. Very delicate and feminine, yet with a fierce, vibrant energy! <end>  BGCOCOA  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Hook Earrings ........Bought these earrings and they are wonderful very nice. Good quality. Worth it <end>  Love These Earrings  I was looking for a nice pair of summer earrings and am so happy with these! They have a fresh, icy look, and the "blue topaz" is just the right amount of color with the silver. They are comfortable and lightweight as well. They're just a lot of fun to wear and look great! <end>  Great earrings  The earrings are just what I hoped. They are good quality and extremely pretty. <end>  silver celtic knot blue Topaz Hook Earrings  This item was very pretty and the stone beautiful color of topaz,but the wieght of the sterling siver was very thin and light. I would rather have spent a little more mainly because it was a gift. For myself I would have loved them knowing they were a deal.Silver insanity may offer inexspensive jewelry,but cheap on presentation,arrive in tiny ziplock bags. <end>  Looking for an inexpensive Christmas gift that will be a hit? ORDER THESE!  I bought this pair of earrings for my mother in law for Christmas. She is one of those hard to shop for people, who has everything. The earrings shipped promptly, and looked so good, I am tempted to keep them! The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that the silver part isn't exactly "square" (that is, they look more handmade than cut by a machine). But they are great looking and for the price, you can't beat them. They are a perfect size for every type of woman (big hoop wearers to those that only wear diamond studs) If you need a gift that she is sure to love, GET THESE!!!! I'm going to order more pairs for every every friend, mother and coworker on my list. <end>  Blue Topaz Hook Earrings  Items as advertised. Shipment arrived on time and there were no problems. <end>  jewelry  Beautiful earrings I gave as a gift. Since speedy delivery is important to me, I give high marks for this seller. <end>  Don't go by the picture.  These earrings look great in the picture but, when I got them they where very cheap looking. Lucky they where a gift and the person did not mind but, BEWARE these earrings are cheap looking. <end>  Picture is not accurate representation of product  Poor communication from seller. Picture has been altered and does not truly reflect the actual earings. Didn't expect too much when ordering these but was severely disappointed. Overpriced for what you get. <end>  really pretty!  i'm very happy with these, for the price you can't beat them. i get compliments every time i wear them. <end>  earings  The earings are ver nice. The only negative is that i got 2 sets and they came in the same jewlery bag. They were for 2 different people so i had to buy a bag to put the second pair. <end>  Sterling Silve Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Earrings  I bought them for a teenager. This is the second piece of Jewelry I bought of the Sterling Silver Celtic Blue Topaz ( Bracelet ) <end>  eh.....  it looks good in the picture but it was too long and looked a bit ugly to me. <end>  Great Mother's Day Gift  I bought these for my mom this past mother's day and she loved them. I wish they had come in a nicer box but they came in a reasonable amount of time and are worth every penny in quality. <end>  Gorgeous earrings!!!  The earrings are beautiful. I would wear them everyday if I could. Very high quality. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful, good for dress or casual, I love them, I'll be getting more of them... <end>  I get compliments every time I wear these earrings  They're really beautiful. The stones are a lovely shade of blue--not the washed-out non-color of so many inexpensive earrings. I love wearing them and as the title says, I always get compliments on them. <end>  Beautiful to the eyes, light to the ears  These earrings I had a good feeling about. I got these for my girlfriend as a Christmas present and having known her for a good 2 years now, I know what she likes^^ She almost always wears Celtic knots earrings that she already owned but when I saw these...I just had to get them.Well, now it's been about a month since I brought these, there's been nothing but good comments about them. She says they are very light on her ears compared the ones she's been wearing and that these were more shiny. I knew this was a good move, I thank you dearly for selling these^^ I greatly recommend these earrings to anyone  ) <end>  Great gift  My husband purchased these to match a necklace. They are lovely and arrived on time...made a terrific Christmas gift. <end>  Wonderful, simple but nice  This ones are a nice gift, but if you can I recommend buy them with this pendant  http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0015ZGYZO <end>  Good stuff!  these are very pretty. they came on time and for the price, are beautiful. i will note one thing that i was mistaken about was that I thought the stones would be set in the metal, like having a silver backing. but they are just ringed with silver and you can see their backs when you turn the earrings around. however, i guess this will let the light flow through them, which is pretty. also the metal is just a tad (really, just a tad) thinner than i thought. but i give it four stars because you wont be disappointed once you know what you are getting  very pretty earrings for a great price.cheers <end>  Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Earrings  These pretty earrings are a nice value. I bought them to go with a trinity knot bracelt I had ordered from the same vendor. They always bring compliments. Communication and shipping were just as promised. <end>  Nice product  Nice product. Though it looks more beautiful in the picture than original.Muhammad <end>  Looks nice only, don't be fooled  Looked like a very nice pair of earrings online, but seemed plastic-like in nature once received. I was embarrassed to give them as a gift but it was too late to replace them. <end>  Lovely...but  These are beautifully designed; the Celtic knot is intriguing. The topaz is a very nice pale blue. However, the earrings lack substance....very light weight. <end>  Cheap...plain and simple  My teenage son ordered these for his mother and sister for Christmas...what a disappointment they are cheaply made...came bent. Returning immediately. Buyer beware on this one. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These earrings are beautiful. They are just as described. I get many compliments when I wear them <end>  Beautiful!  These earrings looked good in the photo, but are even better in person! Just beautiful -- strongly recommend these. They have plenty of silver, perfect proportion, lovely clear stones, and the silver work is very smooth. Perfect! <end>  More Beautiful "In Person"  Just received these earrings and I have to say they are really gorgeous-the design is very graceful and balanced. Being petite I usually have problems finding just the right size for my face, but these are perfect! I love the high polish of the silver and the blue is deeper and richer than in the photo. <end>  Brilliant & Beautiful!  The earrings are absolutely beautiful and brilliant - I have dark hair and these pieces show up nicely and transition well from office to evening. They are high quality and lightweight and will not weigh down your earlobe. I highly recommend this pair! <end>  Lovely dangle earrings  These earrings are very pretty and good quality. The topaz is clear and the silver is smooth and without flaws. The earrings are light wieght and do not hurt even when worn all day. <end>  Excellent speed and Quality!  I bought this, as well as the trinity knot bracelet back in December as an X-mas gift. The shipping was fast, and the workmanship on both pieces were excellent. <end>  Beautiful.  As always, Silver Insanity matches gorgeous jewelry with good prices. These earings were perfect and lighter than expected, I also got the garnet version and loved it also. With their quick shipping on top of everything else, Silver Insanity is my favorite seller. <end>  Cute Earrings for the Price!  These earrings are cute, and appropriate for the price the seller is charging. I agree with someone who posted earlier that the flat back of the earrings sometimes shows (particularly true if you have short hair). The good news is that the backs of the earrings aren't ugly or anything. Just flat and not pretty. I, too, wish the earrings had been designed more solidly (and more three-dimensional), but for this price, what can you expect? They are pretty, and they are a nice length. They are a little delicate, but not really fragile. <end>  Even prettier than the photo  I purchased these earrings as a Christmas gift and they are very nice quality! Received very quickly too. <end>  earring fanatic  Thanks for such lovely workmanship. Great description and fast service. These earrings are a joy to wear and something I can pass on to my granddaughter. I love shopping at Amazon.com because I can do it with confidence that the product will be quality and the service exceptional. <end>  Pretty earrings  I bought these as a set with celtic knot blue topaz ring, where topaz is genuine, and I can tell the difference in luster, clarity and color. But still they are a very nice and well done earrings. Silver is very well polished and knots done well. <end>  Love the Celtic Blue Topaz Earings  I purchased these earings for myself and i wear them everyday. They are my favorite color and I love the design <end>  Blue Topaz Earrings  The earrings are a lightweight silver, not too large or too small, and the stones are lovely. <end>  Blue Topaz Celtic SterlingEarrings  The nicely designed Celtic Sterling Earrings were an affordable and attractive well-received bonus Christmas gift. The topaz exceeded expectations in brilliance in comparison to its easily affordable price.The overall experience was pleasant and inviting for a return bid on similar items. <end>  Satisfactory  I got these earings for my girlfriend, she wears them all the time now and I think they are pretty exotic but they are very nice. Very satisfied. <end>  Earrings  Excellent quality earrings that I purchased as a Christmas present, along with the matching ring. Great service from the vendor, too, and an excellent price for the quality. <end>  Ordered as a Christmas gift  Very pretty and delicate looking. Great length--little dangle but not too long to wear with all hair styles <end>  Really Pretty  I gave these as a gift to my sister and she wears them all the time. Everytime she wears them, she receives compliments. <end>  Great earrings!  Beautiful earrings I gave as a gift. My friend loves them and I am happy I chose them as a gift. I recommend to all people who want to make a great gift! <end>  Really lovely!  These earrings are very pretty, delicate, and the stones are clear and nicely colored. Shipping was quick and the quality is very nice - the silver is shiny and very smoothly finished. A great bargain for the price too. <end>  Decent  These earrings are exactly what you think they are. My girlfriend liked them a lot, nothing special, but nice to look at and she has received many compliments when she wears them <end>  BJ from SC  I gave these earings to my daughter for her birthday and she loved them. The picture doesn't even do them justice. Lovely. <end>  Topaz Earrings--love them  I ordered these for my birthday...a friend had given me a gift certificate. I absolutely love them! The stone is so clear and love the knot design. <end>  Awesome  My mom loved these. Good service, took a little while for the product to arrive. But they were in excellent condition. AAAA+++++ <end>  Great gift  Very pretty earrings for any occasion. I bought these as a christmas gift for my sister in law. I should have bought them for myself! <end>  Beautiful, High Quality  I got these as a Christmas present, and I couldn't be more pleased. They look fantastic, and they are light weight which is a plus, not a minus. I was afraid they would be heavy, but I hardy notice them while I'm wearing them, but other people sure do notice them. Lots of compliments! <end>  too small  they are nice but smaller than apperedneed measurements to go with those picsthink I should stop buying jewelry online <end>  GREAT  I bought these as a gift for v-day for my wife. She loved them and they look great on her. I would recommend them to everyone. <end>  Received item as a gift  This is my birthstone. I received this item for Christmas and I really like them. The stone is very pretty and the dangle is just the right length. <end>  Fabulous Celtic Hook Earrings  I bought these for my son's GodMother and she absolutely LOVED them! They were much prettier than I expected and the price was an absolute steal! <end>  WoW  I bought the earrings beecause I liked the other comments, but was wowed by the quality, my friend enjoyed them. She thought I had paid a lot more for them. <end>  Beautiful  They are Just like in the picture! I love them! I Get compliments about them all the time! Get a pair1 <end>  great  My neice loves her birth stone so I got it for her for a Christmas Gift.I also love it also. great <end>  Celtic earrings  Pretty. Looked well made and attractive in style. I will look for more items like this in the future. Thanks. <end>  sterling silver and topaz earrings.  This is also my mothers birthstone. He birthday is 6 days after mine so I gave them to her as a birthday gift. She love them as much as I did. <end>  Just Beautiful!  I bought these earrings for my son's girlfriend for Christmas because she has the loveliest long brown hair and while she loves girly things, she is quite low maintenance. I knew as soon as I saw these that she would love them and they would look stunning on her. Several people here have commented that these aren't what they looked like on the site. I have bought many earrings like these over the years, and these were the same as those I bought (for gifts). I knew they would be smaller and more dainty than the picture showed. And they were exactly as expected. The reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is that they were not boxed. They were simply put in a pouch and sent to me. These are sold by Silver Insanity and these earrings should have been in a nice little box. This was NOT a classy move on their part. Otherwise, they are exactly as expected, including the light blue topaz stone. If you like flashy, big earrings with thicker silver, then these won't make you happy. If you like understated elegance, then these are the earrings for you! <end>  ccrltic knot sutprise  The earrings. Were more beautiful then I exected. Im very pleased with purchase and they came sooner then I expected it to. I have a customer for lifeThanks a bunchShanna <end>  Great Bargain!!  ...a little 'lighter' than I expected but overall, VERY NICE! They will go w/ many outfits; dressing-up or dressing-down. Arrived much sooner than stated! I'm thoroughly thrilled! <end>  Not like picture online  Just like the other piece of jewelry from this person....the stones look like cut plastic when I received them. Very unhappy with them. I requested a full refund including shipping to me AND the shipping/insurance I paid to ship them back to her. I did NOT get any of the shipping refunded to my credit card yet. I am disputing the shipping charges at this time. <end>  you get what you pay for  They are inexpensive, and the quality is what you would expect. They didn't come in a box, just a clear plastic bag, and the detail was not the quality I was expecting. <end>  okay  i liked them but they were not what i thought i was going to get. very cheap looking <end>  Beautiful but...  My fiance bought these for me as a Christmas present and they are indeed beautiful. Very nice, with a sort of elegant side that can go with dressed up or dressed down. My only real complaint is that, at least with my pair, the earring ear loop was poorly designed. Mine look different htat the ones in the picture. Instead of the back coming straight down, they go down at an angle and then straight out. This means that they fall out of my ears ALL the time. In fact, the last time they fell out, I lost one and it got stepped on and is broken. I tried to bend the backs towards the earring but it didn't really help. The back was obviously designed this way. I should have gotten rubber stoppers for them or something but I didn't. So, I took one star off, hoping mine were somehow an exception. I'm going to order another pair and see. They really are beautiful...just check the back and be prepared to buy rubber stoppers so they don't fall off! <end>  Gorgeous...but caution needed  These earrings are absolutely gorgeous BUT.. you must secure them on your ear other than just slipping them on!! The first time I wore them I lost one almost emmediatly because the silver is so slippery is just doesn't stay in... that time I was able to find it. The next 2 times I wore them I resorted to using a piece of pencil eraser to secure them on.. I was at work and it's all I could think of. But yesterday...I lost one for good somewhere and am so bummed that I am going to buy another pair and convert my remaining one into a pendant. <end>  Dazzling  a really good quality product at a reasonable price from a very honest and quick vendor!!! <end>  Perfect!  I decided to purchase these based on the rave reviews... and I am so happy that I did! They are larger than I normally wear for earrings, but they are so pretty and look really good on me, they've quickly become one of my favorite pairs, I wear them all the time! They are exactly as pictured. I will probably order the same in Amethyst at some point. I got the matching ring and they are a perfect pair. I definitely recommend these earrings. <end>  Could be better  The stoned in these earrings are beautiful and the design is very nice, but I would have liked them to have more substace as well. They seem somehow not enough. I won't be ordering the purple earrigns even though I love the color. <end>  Pretty color & design  I had specifically been looking for Celtic designs and since my husband had given me a silver & blue topaz ring for Christmas - this pair of earrings is a great match/fit! Great price too! Silver Insanity has some great jewelry. <end>
 B00023K4G0  Sterling Silver Fairy on Yellow Citrine Prism Healing Crystal Pendant ||	  Fabulous Fairy!  I ordered this Citrine fairy pendant and I am so happy with it. The Citrine stone is a beautiful dark color. It is a fairly large pendant and I have had so many compliments on it. I love this pendant and it shipped out pretty quickly! I love showing off my pendant!!!!!! <end>
 B00023K51E  Sterling Silver Antiqued Marcasite and Genuine Garnet Teardrop Pendant 16" Necklace ||	  just okay -- chain looks dirty  I got what I paid for with this necklace, which I bought to go with the lovely matched antique garnet earrings. The earrings are great, but the necklace is quite plain and the chain looks dirty. It's not worth the cost of shipping to return it; and it's fine for very casual wear. <end>
 B00023K5FU  Sterling Silver 18" Black Rubber Cord Chain Necklace ||	  Buy at least 2 of these!!  They're the best necklace cords ever! I only have one, but then again I wear it full time, I was able to put my gold cross on it, and I honestly never take it off. I bought this to replace the gold chain that came with the cross after my toddler broke it, I was looking for something solid and unbreakable, and was suprised at how pretty they actually look together. And it's short enough to be able to wear it comfortabley without it getting in the way, and also to be seen with most necklines without having to pull it out of my shirt or wear deep plunging necklines in order to be seen. <end>  Mom In NY  You get what you pay for here. The end clamp brok off when I was trying to put a charm in it. Since I broke it I didnt contact the seller. <end>  NICE ROPE  I bought this because I like the look of black and I can make it a different design with added jewelry. It is very easy to keep clean. I didnt want a material kind because it soaks up the perfume smell and never be cleaned. You can wipe this clean every day. The length is very true to size. Recommend to anyone. <end>  18" black rubber cord chain necklace  Rubber necklace came quickly. Looks great, and will be able to use it with many pendants. <end>  Good prices, friendly people but slow delivery  Finally got it yesterday (JAN 09) and it was ordered as a Xmas present on NOV 26. The person that answered my emails was very friendly and had a fast reply BUT this same thing happened last year when ordering the same product. I'm sure they are a good company but they, like many others, STILL don't know how to handle orders from Puerto Rico addresses. Still I would give them a third and last chance if I need any of their produtcts. <end>
 B00023K5UU  Sterling Silver Mystery Key of Knowledge Pendant 20" Necklace ||	  Loved It!!  The description for this pendant is spot on! No smaller or larger and it has the nicest chain amongst the other key pendants I've seen around Amazon. The seller was prompt on responding to my inquiries and the shipping was unexpectedly fast! I had bought the necklace as a birthday present for my sister because she likes this kind of antique key style, plus the name of the pendant is really interesting as well. Long story short, she loved the necklace and I'm happy with the purchase  ] <end>  Knowledge Key Pendant  This is a good quality item. The chain is nice, and thin, but not cheap at all, and comes down a good length. The key looks really nice, and isn't cheap feeling, and has some weight to it. (Unlike some Key ones that are very light and hollow and tend to feel cheap) It looks just like in the picture and I have had several compliments on it. Great gift for someone, or for yourself. <end>  Key of Knowledge necklace  I love this necklace. I wanted a key necklace for years, and this one is unique and beautiful. It is large enough to be a statement piece, but light enough to wear everyday. Since I purchased the Mystery Key necklace, I have received countless compliments on it. The necklace is a little long for me, but it is a beautiful Figaro link chain, and looks lovely paired with a small pendant on a 16" or 18" necklace for a bolder look. <end>  good buy  bought this for my college age daughter and she loves it. good quality and shipped timely. <end>  Beautiful necklace  Purchased one last year for myself and always get compliments. Have purchased this one to give as a Christmas gift this year, hope the receipient loves it as much as I do. <end>  Nice Little Just Cause Gift  I gave this to my girlfriend and she loves it. It's one of those "just thinking of you" gifts. Very good product and comes in a nice box too. Definitely a good gift. <end>
 B00023K5WS  Sterling Silver Emerald-Cut Amethyst and Green Peridot Pendant ||	  Huge & Gorgeous  Hefty and beautiful. Always get many compliments on it. Looks great on a slightly longer chain. Highly recommend this pendant. <end>  Love it!  This pendant is beautiful and can easily be switched out with choker collars, chains, etc. I would recommend this for anyone who loves silver/gemstone combinations. <end>  Color not true to photo  I bought this as a gift expecting a medium to deep purple amethyst and light green peridot. The main stone was more of a tan or pale pale lavendar. Because the shape was so pretty, I kept it, but the amethyst was a disappointing color. <end>
 B00023K6BI  Beaded Chinese Oriental Blue Dragon Pendant Necklace ||	  Very poor quality.  My daughter wanted this necklace and I purchased it against my better judgement. The quality was very poor and the item looked like cheap plastic. She has never worn it. <end>
 B00023K6EA  1mm Nickel Free Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklace(Lengths 14",16",18",20",22",24",30",36") ||	  Eh....it's okay for a minute...  This is a stunning necklace...but not too terribly durable....not that I'm swinging from trees with it, I'm not...but it definitely isn't a 'keep on all the time' sort of chain if you know what I mean. For the occassional outing this is perfect...for an 'everyday' chain...not so good....It broke at the latch within a month of having it.....but again...I wore it everyday...which I now wouldn't advise... <end>  excellent chain necklace  I received a lovely pendant necklace several years ago, and wear it everywhere, but my long hair always tangles in the chain and trying to get the hair out usually breaks the chain. I average buying about 4 new chains a year. Since purchasing this chain, my hair is not tangled nor ripped out by the links, clothing fiber doesn't catch on it, my pendant does not get stuck on the clasp-in short, this is the worlds most perfect chain! I cannot tell you how happy I am with this purchase! <end>  2 inches short  I ordered the 18 inch chain for a pendant I received from a friend. While it is nice looking, the chain including the clasp was actually only 16 inches long. While the shipping was fast, I did contact the company about the length of this chain and have received no response from them in the 3 days since I've received the order and contacted them. As someone with a 15 inch neck, a 16 inch chain is a little close for comfort. <end>  Broke Right Away  I had bought this chain for a specific pendant, hoping to enhance the look of both by putting them together. The first time I took the chain over my head to take it off (which you can do with this length) it broke about 1/8" from the endpiece. I contacted the seller through Amazon, and THEY OFFERED A REFUND OR REPLACEMENT; Their response was timely and professional. Unfortunately, "life" has happened again and my 30 day time limit has run out. My fault. It was a good looking snake chain. <end>  Love it...  I ordered this chain (with the ankh pendant) and it arrived in less than a week, it came in a black velvet pouch inside the shipping box. The chain is pretty and delicate and is stamped ".925" and "Italy" just as they say on this page. I also like the clasp, it is easier to open and close than those common round ones. Very nice, would buy again. <end>  Thin  Should be advertised as a women's necklace or child. I gave it to my wife even though I bought it for me. Oh well <end>  Fragile  Very nice, though the chain broke soon after. It's a bit on the fragile side. <end>  Poor Quality  This item is already turning and kinking. Very poor quality. I would love to return it. <end>  18" chain  I liked the design, but it was too short for an 18". Also, I had problems with the clasp. It was hard to open. <end>  beautiful chain but very fragile  I have bought this chain twice now and both times it has broken at the clasp. I do love the look of the chain but maybe 1mm just isnt the way to go. The company is great though. Have ordered other thing from them and never had a problem, except for this chain breaking. <end>  Very Satisfied  My wife asked for a silver necklace for Christmas. She didn't specify how fashionable it had to be so I order this one. She really liked it and it's been about 4 weeks and she's had no problems with it and would like another one. So, I guess I'll order another one for Valentines Day. <end>  For my nephews!  looks pretty, but is definitely NOT for everyday use, for that price i didn't expect it to be, i bought two for my nephews (4 and 6 y/o) and they look so cute  P overall i liked them. <end>  Better than expected  It is really hard, for me anyway, to really tell what a piece of jewelry is going to look like from a picture on a website, but I took a chance on this one anyway and was very pleased with my purchase. The chain was for me ( a man ) and I was afraid it would be too small, but it was the perfect size. It is a very solid chain and looks great. I would recommend this item highly. <end>  silver charm  When I saw this chain, I was amazed at the shine, and quality. I gave this chain as a gift. I love it! <end>  Nice... sleek  This is a beautiful chain, sleek and liquid looking... I got it to replace one I had like it that my mom wore with a pendant when she passed on. The ONLY issue I got with it is that my hair get tangled in it something FIERCE... not good since I wear it everday. I do plan to get a chain that wont rip my hair out.. but if you got short hair.. or do not use this as a daily necklace.. it is PRETTY and sleek. <end>  REAL NICE SILVER CHAIN  NICE GOOD PLAIN SLIVER CHAIN VERY CLASSIC.VERY NICE REASONABLE PRICE LOVE THE LENGTHGOES WITH MANY STYLES. <end>  Pretty  Pretty... hard to mess up a silver chain, however, after wearing it I realized it was pulling out my hair around the clasp. Then after about 3 to 4 uses, the clasp broke. Need I say more... <end>  Much prettier than photo - impressed  It is not often I am presently surprised. This necklace is much prettier than the photo represents. <end>  Great Chain  This chain is wonderful. Good quality and great length. The clasp is a little hard to open and I could see some having a hard time with it but I have not had many problems. This product turned out to be exactly what I was looking for. <end>  perfect chain  Bought the chain for a pendant I purchased as a gift. Perfect match. Excellent. Fast ship, came with pendant. <end>  nice but thin  I keep buying these silver chains because they brake. My next one will be a thicker one and hope it will last. <end>  Nice!  Very nice !!!!!!!!!!! Just as described . Got in time for Christmas . My daughter loves it very much ! <end>  Very pleased.  I needed a chain for a cameo I have, I ordered this one and it is perfect. Well constructed, pretty and functional. I shipped and arrived in good shape. I got here in a timely manner........... <end>  Liquid White gold...Ohhh its Silver but I LOVE IT  This snake chain is EXQUISITE !! It looks like white gold , its sturdy I slept with her and not even one nick on the chain, and to make matters more appealing it wont make you itch. I will buy in the future most of my silver items from this vendor.....THANK YOU IT IS LOVELY <end>  I live this one  You can't go wrong with a good silver necklace. I own lots of silver necklaces and really like how this looks with the other ones I have. <end>  SILVER CHAIN  This is a quality chain. Very sturdy. The only reason why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the clasp is too small. It take a bit of effort over and over again to hook/unhook it to get it off and on unless you have very tiny hands and skinny fingers. <end>  Italian sneaklink chain...  The item is exactly as described, I needed a small link chain to wear a specific slide and did not want to take away from the slides detail. I am happy with this item and will buy another length. Thank you <end>  A good length for pendants  I ordered the 22", nickel free sterling chain to use with my various pendants. This chain is lovely! Very lustrous and not at all stiff. I would recomend this brand and any length to all who are looking for a chain that will have many uses. <end>  Silver Italian neck chain  I was looking for something that wouldn't turn my neck green, and wouldn't tarnish the day I got it. I bought a 24" and I like it so much I'll probably be getting 2 or 3 more lengths. Nice. <end>  sterling silver snake chain  Loved it. Very nice quality, light weight and yet works well with the charm I put on it, I needed the charm to lay straight and this chain made it possible. Loved the price, arrived earlier than expected and very pleased with my purchase <end>  It broke  It broke after a month of limited wearing. I was just taking it off and it broke in the chain not the clasp. <end>  nice chain  this a a really beautiful chain, the only problem I have with it is that it pulls my hair. I have long hair and the area around the clasp seems to be the problem area. I think it may be the style of chain. I have had the snake chains before that have had the same problem. Delivery was fast. No other problems. <end>  My own stupidity.  This product was great. Due to my own stupidity it didn't work well for me. It was too small in diameter. I gave it to my mother. I did have a very good experience with this company. <end>  A class act  The chain is beautiful, of higher quality and workmanship than I saw in stores for two to four times the price. And the service is spectacular  2 days after I ordered it, it arrived, in a nice little velvet pouch, with secure packaging. <end>  Sue Ann's Review  Wish I could be as satisfied with everything I buy on the internet as I am with this purchase. If fact, I went back and bought additional products right away from this same seller. Don't be afraid. Try it, you'll like it. <end>  beautiful and sleek ...!  I love this chain. It surpassed my expectations. It is beautiful and sleek. <end>  love it! no rashes!  I love this chain it doesn't give me an allergic reaction and that is really important to me. I didn't know that cheap silver contains nickel and was very unhappy to find that out before purchasing this. I now have this and am very happy. From now on I will only purchase nickel free jewelry like this one. <end>  Chain  I ordered a 30" silver chain from this place for my wife's anniversary and the chain was only 17" long. Talk about getting into trouble, she said that I don't pay attention, that I don't know what she likes, that I don't know her sizes...what a mess this made. And I have attempted to contact the seller on several occasions but no reply. Really disappointed with this seller... I have never had this problem with Amazon, I am a card caring member and this time...it made a mess of things. I have no idea what my recourse is. <end>  VERY NICE AND ELEGANT!  I LOVE this chain! I got a 22" and it was so nice, that I ordered the 24" and got that today. Then I realized I really need a better 18", so just ordered that one too. You can't beat the price, and it is so fluid, shiny and lovely - feels like silver water in my hand. And the clasp is great too! I am VERY happy with these purchases! Oh, and no hair tangles as of yet either. <end>  Fine chain necklace.  Negatives None that I can think of.Positives Low cost but quality for the price.Recommend it?Yes. I bought it to go with a pendant I bought for my wife. It look good and has the quality that Sterling silver will give you. <end>  Just right  I purchased two of these as presents for my teens. They are very sturdy. They carry the weight of heavy pendants. They are good quality chains. I am very pleased. <end>  very elegant  Truly a nice, simple necklace that looks very elegant on. Quality is lovely and this is a very good deal for that price. Also the shipping of Silver insanity was very fast! <end>  Silver Chain  The silver chajn necklace is beautiful and it was delivered as scheduled. I would recommand this company. <end>  great  this chain is perfect! Your hair doesn't get caught in it, doesn't hurt your skin, and the silver is very nice. <end>  My spectacular silver chain  I love it so much, I ordered 2 more just like it, but in longer sizes. I love things from this company. Real quality that you rarely find these days. <end>  Silver chains  The 1mm Sterling Silver 24" Italian Snake Chain Necklace is a white silver and very pretty. A good buy all around. I love it!Thanks. Mrs. L Davis <end>  Sterling chain  This is a lovely chain that was delivered as promised. I was very pleased with the product and the service. I would definitely order from this seller again. <end>  30" Italian Snake Chain Necklace  Just what I needed to hold my Q-link. Had to bend the hoop end of the clip to get it thru but was no problem. Might try buying the 2mm dia next time. For $20 it was all I expected. <end>  Simple, elegant and beautiful, if a bit frail-looking  The chain surprised me by how thin it was, as I have never worn a necklace before and expected something "stronger" but since I don't intend to go kickboxing with it there shouldn't be any problems though. The lobster clasp appears very delicate and can sometimes be hard to manipulate (open/close). Note that I haven't worn necklaces before so my assertion of the "small clasp" might be a bit off. What I like about it is that it is simple, so I feel it could fit with pretty much any pendant I wanted to wear. Also, kudos on the fast overseas standard delivery (less than 2 weeks).Edit 26.01.2009. - my worries very completely unfounded, I haven't had any problems with the chain so far and it's working great! The clasp is easy to manipulate after you adjust to it too. <end>  Very Satisfied with it.  I purchased 2 of these, one as a gift and the second one I wear almost daily. I have worn it alot and I am very happy with it. <end>  Silver Insanity Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklace  This is the second Italian Snake Chain I've purchased from Silver Insanity, I love them.They're excellent quality, finished beautifully and never taint.I would highly recommend them.And Silver Insanity themselves are always very efficient and professional. <end>  Exactly as expected  I bought this chain to go with a silver horse charm as a gift. It is exactly as described; shipped promptly and in a nice black velvet drawstring bag that made it especially nice for a gift. Good price, good quality. <end>  Be Warned- Length Includes clasp!  Great product- really pretty and high quality! I ordered the 16'' to replace a similar chain I had that was also 16''. This is entirely too short as the length includes the clasp. I am exchanging for the 18'' chain, which should be perfect. Nothing wrong with the item, really a great quality, just be aware of the length.... <end>  sharp  I love my snake chain. It is lovely and I use it with many different necklace pieces. Shipping was great and I had an overall pleasant experience. Thank you!D.G. <end>  1mm Sterling Silver 16" Italian Snake Chain Necklace  Nice necklace but a little small for my taste. Passed on to my niece who loved it. <end>  thank you  very good quality, good in use. perfect, recommending to everybody. i love it.thank you very much for it. thank you <end>  Love it!!  It feels awesome!! It's sturdy and flexible! Just what I was looking for! Gonna order another one in a longer size <end>  SIze was OK..  Well unlike some reviews, the length was OK... but the girlfriend wore it once and the next day the color was tarnished horribly. I guess I should have expected this. <end>
 B00023K6UO  Tall Sterling Silver Large Bikers DRAGON Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  search finished product  I was looking for this kind of ring all this passed summer. The product itself fits perfect and looks great with my other rings. I do with it was less chinese dragon like and it rapped around my finger but it is still cool. <end>  Awesome product....  Im quite happy with the ringm quality is amazing and totally in love with it. Thanks a lot and will keep shoppping with you. <end>  I love it!  I REALLY love this ring! I was a little hesitant about buying it because the face is a little ugly. It looks exactly like the picture. I can however overlook that, because of its other qualities. It fits nice, its not bulky or uncomfortable. It doesnt look or feel cheap. I even stepped on it, by accident of course, and it retained its shape. (my foot did not come out of the encounter so well.) If I lost it, I would buy it again. <end>
 B00023K6V8  Tall Sterling Silver Large Bikers DRAGON Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  search finished product  I was looking for this kind of ring all this passed summer. The product itself fits perfect and looks great with my other rings. I do with it was less chinese dragon like and it rapped around my finger but it is still cool. <end>  Awesome product....  Im quite happy with the ringm quality is amazing and totally in love with it. Thanks a lot and will keep shoppping with you. <end>  I love it!  I REALLY love this ring! I was a little hesitant about buying it because the face is a little ugly. It looks exactly like the picture. I can however overlook that, because of its other qualities. It fits nice, its not bulky or uncomfortable. It doesnt look or feel cheap. I even stepped on it, by accident of course, and it retained its shape. (my foot did not come out of the encounter so well.) If I lost it, I would buy it again. <end>
 B00023K6X6  Heavy Sterling Silver Fantasy MUSHROOM Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Sturdy Ring  This ring is very solid and sturdy, not cheap and bendable. I have worn it while washing dishes, cleaning the house, all types of activities and it is in great shape. I don't like the fake silver metal rings because they turn green and irritate my skin, this one is not that way! I recommend it if you want a unique, attractive, sturdy ring. <end>  Fun, well-made ring  My son is fascinated by fungi of all sorts, and I gave him this ring for his 11th birthday. He absolutely loves it, and it appears quite sturdy and capable of the beating it's bound to take. Very reasonably priced and arrived immediately. <end>  very nice ring  this is a beautiful ring. much shinier then the picture makes it look. the artwork is exquisite with excellent detail and the ring is very comfortable to wear as well. very well made. <end>  Physc  I love this ring it reminds me of the years that i was on acid 24/7. If only i could go back to the good ol days. It's symbolic to me of good memories on drugs, instead of addiction. <end>
 B00023K776  Sterling Silver Garnet Pear Poison Locket Box Pendant ||	  Great Gift!  I recently purchased this item for my sister's birthday because it has her birthstone and she really loved it! The design on the locket is antique yet modern. I also liked the fact that you could add on a chain with the gift options. I would have preferred to be able to see exactly what chain was sent but my sister loved it. <end>  Nice, but expect subtle differences  I bought this to give as a gift, but rather than send it directly, I'm wrapping it myself and giving it to the person directly. So, I get to look at it and review it beforehand.The pendant is quite lovely and looks very much like the photo, but with some differences that might not be obvious. It seemed like the garnet in the one I bought is smaller, and after some careful comparison with the photo, it is noticeably smaller. The extra space that would be present has been carefully filled in with very minor variations in the silver detail work on the lid. Also, the hinge is very slightly offset, so it doesn't open quite symmetrically.I think this is to be expected, since this is handmade jewelry -- at least I believe it is -- so everything is not going to be precision aligned and stone size won't be standardized. However, don't be disappointed if the garnet is indeed smaller than the one pictured on the locket. If I were buying it for myself, I might have been. It's still very pretty and will make a nice gift. <end>  So cool, and so short-lived  When I ordered this necklace it was just as interesting as I imagined it would be, the shape and function of it recalling all kinds of medieval fantasies...but it didn't stand up to my repeated toying with the clasp and ultimately after only a few months the back of it fell off. Really awesome while it lasted. <end>
 B00023K7EE  Sterling Silver Large Wide Floral Marcasite Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Sterling Silver ring  The ring fits true to size. The craftsmanship is beautiful, very exquisite looking. The price was worth it.Has not tarnished or left any markings on my skin. The band does not bend, the metal is not soft and keeps its shape. <end>  Great Buy  I have ordered several peices of jewelry from this company and everything has been a great deal and well worth what I paid for it. I will be shopping with them again. <end>  Beautiful but. . .  Nice ring of course or I wouldn't have bought it. . . But it was way overpriced.Wow... way over priced for the quality <end>  Lovely!  I bought this ring some time ago and still adore it. It's dramatic & artsy with just a little sparkle. Comfortable to wear. Durable. And you wouldn't believe how many folks have remarked how much they like it over the years. Great purchase - you'll love it. <end>  Beautiful  I love this ring. I got it for my Mom for Christmas and she fell in love with it.It feels very comfortable on the finger, because its flat. It looks like lace, very special ring, by the way it extends the appearance of your fingers. You will love it. <end>  Sterling Silver ring  The ring fits true to size. The craftsmanship is beautiful, very exquisite looking. The price was worth it.Has not tarnished or left any markings on my skin. The band does not bend, the metal is not soft and keeps its shape. <end>  Great Buy  I have ordered several peices of jewelry from this company and everything has been a great deal and well worth what I paid for it. I will be shopping with them again. <end>  Beautiful but. . .  Nice ring of course or I wouldn't have bought it. . . But it was way overpriced.Wow... way over priced for the quality <end>  Lovely!  I bought this ring some time ago and still adore it. It's dramatic & artsy with just a little sparkle. Comfortable to wear. Durable. And you wouldn't believe how many folks have remarked how much they like it over the years. Great purchase - you'll love it. <end>  Beautiful  I love this ring. I got it for my Mom for Christmas and she fell in love with it.It feels very comfortable on the finger, because its flat. It looks like lace, very special ring, by the way it extends the appearance of your fingers. You will love it. <end>
 B00023K7H6  2mm Sterling Silver Diamond-Cut Square Magic Snake Chain Necklace 24" Length ||	  BEAUTIFUL!!  If you're looking for a long silver chain, this one is a stunner! I have a shorter diamond-cut square magic snake chain and when I wanted a longer one, I went back to exactly the same place to purchase. This is definitely a chain to hold your larger charms or pendants as it's bold and has a good weight to it.. Definitely not dainty! I get SO many compliments. It's not your typical round snake chain - it is so much more interesting with the diamond cut. I have purchased many things from Silver Insanity and they are always quick on delivery and always send everything nicely packaged in a soft velvet bag. Definitey recommend on quality and price! <end>
 B00023K7HG  Sterling Silver Green Celtic Knot Claddagh Ring Size 9(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  So Disappointed  I had this ring for years and lost it a few months ago, so I was very excited when I found it here online and at such a great price. It came very quickly and I had no problems receiving the order but the ring itself was so disappointing. It looks nothing like the product pictured! It's a very shiny silver. Nothing like the beautiful antiqued look in the picture or how my old ring used to look. Its also very cheap looking. Like it came from a quarter machine in an arcade. DON'T ORDER IT. it looks nothing like the ring in the picture. I am so bummed. I hope I get my money back. <end>  Quarter Machine Rings  I concur with the other 1 star review. The ring is cheap and looks nothing like the picture. It doesn't have an antiqued finish as shown. It looks like something you'd get out of a quarter machine at a grocery store.If you want to impress your lady, look elsewhere. <end>  very pretty  A very nice sturdy ring. i bought this ring when i lost my claddagh. its strong and looks very nice on the hand. would make a great gift for any lady <end>  Good ring  It is a very shiny silver, but I think it looks lovely, not cheap. It's definitely sterling silver - just as sturdy as another sterling silver ring of mine - and the craftsmanship is very beautiful. The 'crown' looks a little cheesy, as it's sitting atop the heart without touching it at all, but otherwise it is a very nice, simple kind of ring with a bit of a Celtic flair.  3It doesn't look like the tarnished antique you see in the picture except in design, though. Just as a warning~ <end>  Awesome ring  I got this ring shortly before the last Harry Potter book was released, in what...2007? I've worn it every single day since then, and it hasn't broken or turned my finger green or anything else like that. It actually looks better than the picture, which looks kind of like cheap costume jewelry. The little green "gem" (whatever it is) is actually pretty dark, since no light gets behind the ring. I'd highly recommend this ring to anyone. I'd consider getting other one for my other hand, even! <end>
 B00023K7QW  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Spin Worry Ring Size 10(Size 4,5,6,7,8,9,13,14,15) ||	  High Quality - Excellent Amazon Vendor  Use as a guard ring w/Onyx Claddagh ring / Even super glue did not harm this -happened to glue 3 fingers together 2 yrs ago - Both Rings on same finger - Cleaned up w/Silver polish and still spins perfectly. Still an incident very much to local EMS amusement <end>  Great RIng!!!  This ring is very beautiful. It was a great deal and the ring spins very well as it should. The shipping was very fast. I am looking forward to purchase from this seller again. <end>  Lovely Ring  I bought this as a surprise for my daughter--so, I guessed at the size. Boy, was I way off! The shop took it back and sent another with no problems. My daughter loves it! <end>
 B00023K85C  Sterling Silver Filigree Dangle Puffed Teardrop Earrings ||	  Lightweight yet sturdy - and amazingly stunning!!!  Any reviews that have mentioned the weight of these must be referring to the thickness of the puffs. They are substantial made, so I'm certain that they won't lose their shape even if they were sat on or stepped on. However, as far as weight on my earlobes, these are light and I don't feel them any more than I feel my favorite pair of thin hoops.The beauty of these is breathtaking. I bought them at the same time as I bought other items from the vendor, and these were by far the most expensive. I thought about getting other cheaper ones instead of these, but that would have been a mistake. The others are nice - I rated them as all 4s - but these are 5+. I am impressed! My son, who is oblivious about this sort of thing, even noticed them and commented. I'll be buying these as Christmas gifts (and I may buy a back-up pair instead I lose one).Additionally, Silver Insanity - the vendor - was a pleasure to deal with, and I received a personal email from them about shipping before Amazon emailed me to let me know it had shipped. Some companies don't bother with contacting you unless there's a problem, so it was a nice touch. These arrived more quickly than I expected, packaged in a small box with my other earrings. Each pair was in a small plastic bag, and I loved them all! <end>  Perfect!  These earrings have become a staple. They are the right size, perfectly crafted and truly beautiful. I've been wearing them non-stop since I bought them. They go with anything! <end>  Beautifully made, solid, and worth every penny!  These earrings are lovely! They're solid and well-made, and I've gotten a lot of compliments on them. They looked very pretty in the photo, but they're even better in real life. They are three-dimensional, although they're not round, more an oval. They're even better than I had anticipated, for a very reasonable price. I absolutely adore good jewelry, and this was one of my best purchases. The shipping was prompt. Very impressive seller! <end>  Loved Them!!!  My friend totally adores the earrings. They looked great on her so I decided to go back and order myself a pair. Thanks <end>  Excellent  These are really adorable earrings that arrived fast! They came in a black velvet pouch for easy gift giving! <end>  lovely but a bit "flatter" than I expected them to be  I ordered these earrings thinking they'd be as round as the picture seems to imply. They're really nice but honestly, they're not as round as they look in the image, which I found a tad disappointing at first. They're not totally flat or anything like that but the drops look a bit "flatter" in person than they do in the picture. I'm not blaming Amazon or Silver Insanity for it since they've done nothing wrong. Products can look different in pictures than in person due to things like light and camera angles. I just want to give notice to people who buy these earrings. And yes, they are a substantial piece of jewelry as the previous reviews imply, but not so big that they're distracting or gaudy or overly heavy. They're very nice. <end>  Truly Awesome!!!  These earrings are a substantial weight even though they are hollow, and the filigree detailing is superb! I fell in love with these when I saw them on the site while shopping for xmas presents for friends and just had to order a pair for myself. <end>  My favorite earrings  These are my favorite earrings  I wear them constantly. They are unique and jazz up even the most utilitarian outfit. They are a bit larger than you might anticipate,and it is a size I really like but which might overpower some. The picture, at least on my monitor, is about life-sized. <end>  A wonderful present!  I looked pretty extensively for a Christmas present for my mom. She loves silver dangle earrings, but I kept finding earrings that looked cheap or boring. However, these earrings look wonderful (even better in person) and appear to be great quality. They feel very solid, unlike some earrings I looked at. They shipped very quickly and I was surprised how nice they were for the price. <end>  This is now my favourite pair of earrings  These are solid, durable, adorable earrings. The design is 3 dimensional, so you can wear your hair up or down with them. If mine were eaten by the vacuum cleaner today, I would immediately hop online and buy a new pair. <end>  Very Nice  These are very nice, light weight earrings. The look silver and black even though they are not so keep that in mind when you purchase them as to what the will go with. I wear lots of black so it was a pleasant surprise for me. Very antique look to them. <end>  Beautiful!  Stunning piece of jewelry. Look way more expensive than they are! Got these for a friend, I want to get a pair for myself! <end>  Beautiful  These are actually bigger than I expected. They are very lovely and of high quality. I got them for my sister who loves them and wears them often. <end>  The ladies loved em!  I bought 3 pairs of these for my wife and daughters. I know they like them. They wear them a lot (vs. others I have bought in the past). I'm a hero. <end>  Beautiful style  They are a good teardrop size and so ornate I can wear them without a necklace to dress up a top that is patterened. I really love the look, and they aren't heavy so they don't pull at your earlobe. <end>  Mother-in-law tested!!!  I gave these to my mother in law who I've never been able to get the right gift for. I see frequent pictures of her wearing them which says A LOT!!They are beautiful <end>
 B00023K8C0  Sterling Silver Medieval Scary DRAGON Hook Earrings ||	  I LOVE these earrings...  ...this is a rad store, all their products are shown true to form, and their prices are great.These earrings look just as they do in the picture, I've had them for months with no tarnish.I'd like to add, this is the WELSH DRAGON ... I'm sure they'd get more sales if they titled this item correctly ;> <end>
 B00023K8DY  Sterling Silver Open Flower Hook Earrings ||	  Love 'em  I love these earrings. I bought them as throw-aways for a vacation, if I lost them I wouldn't be devastated, but since they have arrived, I've worn them a thousand times. I get so many compliments on them. They're perfect for everyday wear. They go with everything. I'm still taking them on vacation, but I'm going to make sure they don't get lost. <end>
 B00023K8RK  Turquoise Blue Lapis Reversible Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Turquoise Blue Lapis Reversible Sterling Silver Pendant  When I first received this pendant, I was shocked that it was smaller than I expected and looks different from the picture because the turquoise was solid instead of marble looking (which looks nice). This pendant does not come with a chain, so I had to search for about a week before wearing it.Actually, it turns out that the size was just right and I love the versatility of having two necklaces in one. So I guess the only con is that it did not come with a chain. <end>  Like it!  I bought this for myself after checking out other items, the reviews were good, so I decided to go with it. Yes! I am very pleased, I only wish I would have ordered the chain at the same time.....live and learn. <end>  Beautiful except  this is a gorgeous piece that i bought for my mother as a christmas present. I am positive that she will love it! it came very quickly and everything seemed to be in order. i chose the send as a gift button so that i can have a free message written on it but the message was written on something resembling a receipt. that was kinda of disappointing but i guess thats the quality of free  ) also the pendent is smaller than the pictures shown so i put up my own. i hope they help someone in the future. other than that i was very pleased with this purchase and will definitely be buying from them again <end>  anita-"celtic lover"  I absolutely love this pendant---beautiful in every way--would recommend this to anyone young and old. Great value!!! <end>  what a great piece of jewelry  received this very quickly, and was thrilled. it is so ornate, and the stones on both sides - turquoise and blue lapis are very nice. <end>  pendant time  I thought the detailing was good, and the colors also, I'm glad I got this pendant and look at others from them in the future. Thank you DLA <end>  Poor stone quality.  I returned the item two weeks ago but have not received credit yet. The lapis stone looked like a piece of plastic. <end>  Misleading Ad  The Ad for this product misleadingly pictures the pendant with a chain, but it does not come with one. The fine print mentions the lack of a chain, but the picture should match the actual product to avoid misleading buyers the way I was misled. <end>  absolutely stunning!  This is a beautiful piece. I had been looking for a turquoise pendant as a gift for a friend. When this arrived, I was so stunned at how nice it was, it was tempting to keep it for myself. However, my friend loves it so much and wears it all the time, so it was well worth it to pass it on. The color on both sides is gorgeous, and she gets complimented every time she wears it. I've seen many pieces at higher prices, none though as nice as this. The silver work is very nice and stands out too. I highly recommend this. <end>  A Little Misleading?  Maybe it is just me, but as I rushed through this purchase and assumed the necklace shown in the picture was part of the package, however it is not, it is just the pendant. I feel like if I received shoes without the laces. <end>  Beautiful!!!  This is the most beautiful pendant I own. Came in such a timely manner. Will surly buy from this vendor again.The description & picture of it was very on target.Actually prettier than picture.Highly recommend. <end>  nice pendant  I do love the turquoise side,but I think the blue lapis,the color is much deeper than the picture,maybe because of the reflex on the pendant,give you the illusion,it's a deep,deep purple,it still works,maybe it can match some of my shoes. <end>  So much for so little  This dual pendant is nigh on perfect. The quality of the Turquoise and Lapis sides make for a necklace that can be worn in any number of occasions without having to purchase different pieces. Simply turn it over for a whole new look. The workmanship and quality is so far above the asking price it almost feels like you stole it when you get it in your hand. How Silver Insanity can offer this much quality for such a low price is a mystery. The size is perfect too. Not too big and not too small - as Goldylocks said, it's "juuussst right." My wife loved it.Just remember to add a chain as one is not included. I got the 16 inch 2mm Italian Snake chain and it suits perfectly (another great deal from Silver Insanity).I would definitly buy from Silver Insanity again. They offer top quality for far less than any jewlery store. Very, very satisfied. <end>  Great gift!  My sister loved her necklace. She was very pleased with it, and so am I. <end>  Best on line purchase ever  I make jewelry and had been searching for a pendant for a lapis and turquoise necklace. I saw this one on Amazon (of all places) and decided to risk it. The price was right. It is one of the most beautiful pieces I have made. I will definitely order from them again. <end>  very stylish  have been wearing this for a long time now very happy with it got a chain from macys for $56 <end>  Pendant  The blue lapis pendant came on time and was exactly as shown in the ad (except - remember, there is no chain included.) The color is beautiful and it is truly reversible. <end>  Nice weight - very versatile  I would have liked a bit more of the dark vein in the turquoise stone, but mainly bought it for the dark blue lapis side. Very nice piece for a great price! <end>  beautiful pendant  I recieved this pendant yesterday and it is very pretty. I really like the details in the silver and the stones were nice too. The actual pendant looks as good if not better than the photo. I will be buying from this company again. <end>  Great mother's day gift for me!  This looks better than the picture. I love it! It has a design around the edge that is very pretty. It sort of looks like grapes or little circles in a grape form. I was surprised at the decorative design at the top connecting the bale and pendant because it is so beautiful. The pendant is just the right size. I highly recommend this pendant. <end>  Excellent Condition, Fast Shipping  I'm very happy with my purchase. I received the pendant really fast and it's in perfect condition. I will definitley purchase from this company again. Very pretty pendant. <end>  Very pleased  This pendant is very pretty and the giftee was happy to receive it. Very nice detail filigree around the stone, and the dual sides make it very versatile. <end>  Very pretty....  My pendant was very pretty indeed. The Lapiz side, Which is supposed to be a very deep blue, is so dark, that it's almost purple/blackish..and the Turquoise side didn't have as many of the pretty "speckles" (like in the picture)in it. It did have a long vein-like crackle through it though. That is one of the cool things about Turquoise though, you never know what you will get. They are like snowflakes. No 2 the same.STILL, I can't complain at all. It is very pretty!!!! The details all around the pendant are beautiful too. Plus, it is reversible! It's 2 necklaces in one! I even bought it's "sister" necklace too. It is red Carnelian on one side (like a very deep coral reddish orange color) and a very deep green on the other side. They are both darker in color than in their pictures too. The Red Carnelian looks bright red-orange-ish in the pics but, It's more of a VERY dark rust color in person. The reverse Green stone is more of a very dark Hunter green tone, than the green pictured.The only real trick was finding a chain. I recommend a 22-24 inch silver box chain. A box chain mimics the shape of the pendant but, it still curves and looks feminine and lovely,Really though, I love both pendants and plan to post pictures soon.Also, the versatility just can't be matched! 1 chain and 4 choices and all under 100.00!! You kiddin me?!I can buy 4 dresses/in either of the 4 colors and have something spunky to wear with them.  )Yay!!!!!!I loved this purchace so much that I will forever keep an eye out for reversible pendants! Why not, right??!! Double the money! <end>  Turquoise/Blue Lapis Reversible Pendant  Product is as described and looks wonderful. I would have paid the extra money to have a sterling chain accompany the pendant since I could not wear the item until I went out and bought a chain. <end>  My wife loved it.  When I gave this to my wife for Christmas, she absolutely loved it. She gets compliments on it every time she wears it. <end>  Beautiful  This is very pretty and reversable too, the other side being a black so it will match a lot of clothing. The only thing was it didn't come with a chain so finding one that the pendant will fit over is not looking to be easy. Pendant doesn't mean necklace so I should have read better. <end>  very nice turquoise pendant  It's a beautiful pendant...the stone is genuine and very beautiful. I love it! <end>  Striking, substantial and sturdy  I purchased this after reading all the reviews and am not disappointed, although I would say the price is about right. Vendor shipped quickly and the pendant is packaged in a little bag inside a black pouch, good for storing the pendant, or as a gift presentation. Picture and description are exact, quality is good. I can slip this on a sturdy chain or through my 16" silver choker and it falls just right. Turquoise is just beautiful against the silver. Lapis is the plain side, in my opinion; silver shows nice detail, not detracting from the stones. Because it is a decent weight, you will want a sturdy chain for it. Recommend it happily! <end>
 B00023K92O  Large Genuine Fossilized Red Coral Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Gorgeous - picture doesn't do this justice!  Received this for Christmas from a relative and was very pleasantly surprised. It's gorgeous, very classy looking - the picture simply doesn't do it justice, it looks like a much more expensive piece of jewelry. In fact, when I opened it, I was convinced it was Brighton!With all the colors in this slide, it matches quite a bit of my wardrobe, and it's great for the more casual days when I don't feel like wearing my diamond cross. <end>
 B00023K9EC  Etched STERLING SILVER Wide Latching Bangle Bracelet ||	  soft  I loved this bracelet when it arrived and consequently wore it all the time. However, within a month it had a huge dent in it. I'm sure I hit it against something, but I'm not that hard on my jewelry, and aside from the occasional "weak link" have never damaged anything. I wear bracelets almost constantly so I'm used to working around them. This bracelet sits in my jewelry box but every time I go to wear it I decide not to because the dent is so noticeable. The description did say that the bracelet is hollow, I just didn't expect it to be so fragile. The bracelet really is beautiful otherwise, but I paid more for it than I usually do for silver jewelry (I had a gift card) and I expected it to be better quality. <end>
 B00023K9SI  Gothic Vampire Winged Bat Sterling Silver Cross Pendant ||	  awesome style  My wife bought this for her friend who is really in to vampires and loves Halloween. Never see her without it, she just loves it <end>
 B00023KAEG  Cross of Celtic Knot Hearts Sterling Silver Link Bracelet 7" ||	  love this bracelet  Love this bracelet. Great price and looks really good. Was worried it would be too big and bulky but its not. Nice and petite. <end>  Very nice bracelet  I bought this for a young woman, and I was very pleased with it. It's dainty without being fragile and I think she'll love it. I'm very pleased with it, and the service was great <end>  Sterling Silver CELTIC Heart Cross KNOT Link Bracelet  Nice bracelet, better than i expected and it looks nice on my hand (and i have big hands, so don't worry about the size) <end>
 B00023LSV0  Diamond Initial Pendant "D" in 14k White Gold ||	  Very Nice!  For what I paid, I expected a lot less than what I received... I wish the chain had been longer/stronger, but hey, I never keep those promotional chains anyway. The pendant is sparkly and the diamonds are of decent quality for the grade. Keep in mind that the picture has been enlarged to show detail... However, the pendant is not so tiny that it can't even be noticed. The necklace was also shipped in a nice red wood jewelry box that opens up and has a mirror inside. Overall, I am very pleased with this pendant. Great value! <end>
 B00023LTVY  Delicate Diamond (.10 ctw) Cross Pendant in White Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Really small  I have purchased this pendant years ago and still own it today. It's a small pendant and the diamonds are not that sparkly. <end>  Pretty Necklace  I purchased this necklace for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it! It came quickly and was packaged in a pretty box. The necklace is definitely a good value for this price. Buyers should pay attention to the size which is noted in the description. The picture portrays the necklace as being much larger. However, the size of the necklace is accurately described in the description. <end>
 B00023LUCW  Diamond (.18 ctw) White Gold Star of David Pendant with 16in. chain ||	  not satisfied  please send me an RMA number so that i can send this product back. The size of the product was extremely small compared to that shown online. I have bought another item similar to this but at macy's. I would like to send this product back as soon as possible. thank you! <end>
 B00024VSDC  Sterling Silver Ribbed Surface Cuff Bangle Bracelet with Rope Edges 9/16 inch wide, ||	  Men's Silver Cuff Bracelet  I purchased this bracelet for my husband, and he loved it. Unfortunately, it wasn't very sturdy and was easily dented and bent. He did wear it all the time, however. It looked great on him, and he is hoping to receive another. <end>
 B00024VSGY  Sterling Silver Italian 3mm Tube Hoop Earrings, 1 1/2 inch (39 mm) ||	  Great earrings  These earrings are great. Not too big and not too small. I wear them with almost everything. <end>  Poor quality  Wore the earrings twice and the device that you secure them in broke, not very good quality. <end>
 B00024VSI2  Italian Hoop, Twisted Tube,Oval Shape ||	  Earrings  I purchased the earrings for a Christmas gift. I was very pleased with the quality. The recipient of the gift was pleased also. <end>  Great gift!  My step-mother loved the earrings which I gave her for Christmas and put them on immediately after opening the box! <end>
 B00025O4S2  Amazon.com  Gypsy Glass Bead Bracelet (safari)  Clothing ||	  Great  The product came quickly and was as shown. My sister loved it. How ever the shipping was way to high. It should have been shipped over night for what I paid. <end>  Talk about fast!  This glass bead bracelet I ordered is just beautiful! I am so pleased with the quality of the materials used. The fast delivery was amazing! I told my husband this evening, next year I'm ordering lots of these for Christmas gifts! Thanks Carolyn for a beautiful bracelet! <end>  Great buy and matches tons of outfits!  My mom requested some fun/chunky bead bracelets for Christmas, and these ended up being the perfect thing! I ordered them in red, blue and green, and couldn't be happier. They're the perfect size for both our wrists, and have sturdy clear elastic that isn't visible through the translucent beads. They stretch easily, but only when you want them to - no problems with them falling off your wrist or anything like that. It should be noted that the beads are slightly darker than they look in the images, though.The shipper upgraded the purchase from ground to express shipping at no additional cost, which was I great surprise! I got them within two or three days (about three days earlier than expected), and had plenty of time to wrap them before the holidays despite having ordered them a bit on the late side (around Dec. 20th). A great buy, and I'll definitely order some more in the future for myself! <end>
 B000260KC0  Ruby Red Dangling Cherry Belly Ring ||	  I didnt wear this in my belly button.. But I did wear it..  So, I hope my review helps here..I did not wear it in my belly button..I bought this to wear in my hood. I thought it looked really cute in the pic, but I wasnt too sure about it because it had a dangly cherry on it.. and doesnt exactly seem safe to wear it down there..But, I have owned it for about 8 months, I do not wear it on a daily basis.. but I have not had any issues, its really cute and doesnt hang too low and is not too big!I hope this helps for those looking for cute body jewelry that I found to be ok to wear in your hood! <end>  Too Cute!  I really wasn't sure about this one - the ring is adorable, but I'd never worn a dangle charm before and wasn't sure how it would look - IT LOOKS GREAT! I wear it all the time - it is so fun and flirty. I bought one for my friend who has a very different abdominal shape (I'm curvy with strong obliques, she's boxy with a super flat tummy) and it looks great on her too! A must add for your collection! <end>  A RUBY RED DANGLING CHERRY BELLY RING.  I'm three for three with girls that have been wearing this dangling belly ring. Dont let the presence of a cherry throw you off.FIVE STARS! A GREAT FATHER'S DAY GIFT. <end>  3.50 for same one at our gas station=]  so this same one is at our local gas station for 3.50 so super cheap&theres of course no shipping&handling when purchasing from some place like a gas station .. i think its cute and i like how it has the cherry thing on it however this kind is not my style it looks to cheap and im not into red at all.i just left this review for the girls that like it/love it before buying this one on here since i bought some awesome ones on here&i love the ones i got off amazon,however before purchasing this cherry one check out your local gas stations that sales these kinda things such as navel rings might save you the waiting and its for sure cheaper then 7.50 or however much this one is not that thats a bad price since i paid 14.00 for my 4that i got off here but just check around saves u the s&h also i know our wal-mart carries this one for under 5.00... anyways more less i know times are hard right now for lots of people so just trying to say one this navel ring they sell it so many local places before buying this one just check a gas-station out&wal-mart=] <end>  Super cute!  Super cute. My boyfriend and I both love this belly ring; however, after wearing it only a couple of days the green stone for the leave fell out. Luckily, I found it on the bathroom floor and was able to glue it back in. Other than poor quality, it's not to heavy and it looks great.I'd recommend it. <end>  LOVE this.  I ordered this belly ring on October 31st. Received November 4th. Very fast shipping. The ring in person is gorgeous. Its a lot more shiny and attracts the eye. Its the perfect size, and not heavy at all. I'm wearing it now, its so perfect. <end>  Pleasing a lady friend with a cute Dangling Cherry Belly Ring  This was part of a Valentine's Day gift for my gal and we both loved how it looked. This is a awesome item and is sure to make a hottie even hotter! <end>
 B0002654S0  Multicolor Amber Bead Necklace 78 Inches ||	  Great Necklace  It is the perfect necklace that I wanted in amber and the price was very good for the length. <end>
 B0002654SA  Sterling Silver Multicolor Oval Amber Link Bracelet Length 7.25 Inches ||	  Bracelet  My wife simply loves this item.. She loves the multi-color beads. Nice. She wears it with jeans or a nice pants suit. Again, nice <end>
 B00026P6S8  Red DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia 18k over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Anillo para damas  Este anillo lo compro mi esposa y segun ella es verdaderamente hermoso, la verdad tiene razon. La tienda ademas de este tiene otros que realmente valen la pena. <end>
 B00026P6UQ  Men&apos;s 2.47 TCW Square Round Baguette Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  UNSATISFIED WITH PRODUCT  I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE ISN'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU <end>
 B00026WTRO  One sided Solid Cartouche - Regular - Medium up to 6 letters ||	  Great support from the vendor  I called the vendor for details about the cartouche and he was happy to answer all my questions. He also accommodated my special requests, and the cartouche is perfect. <end>
 B000279CIM  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine 8x5mm Pear Shape Earrings LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Nice earrings, took 4 days, smaller than expected, cheap gift bag  I'm a first time buyer of jewelry online, and overall I was satisfied. I will probably buy online again.The earrings were smaller than expected from the picture, but still a nice size.The free gift bag was cheap and I didn't use it. You get what you pay for.I paid the expedite fee to speed up the shipping, but it still took close to a week. I will keep that in mind next time. <end>
 B00027CTIC  Tommaso Design(tm) 8mm Heart Shape Simulated Aquamarine and Genuine Diamond Pendant ||	  Beautiful but really tiny  It my fault for not reading all the details, I thought it was 14mm but the thing is only 8mm. I was telling my girl that now I should order her a magnifying glass so she can see it better. My girl still loves it. <end>  Average  The item did not look as nice when I received it as it does online. Next time I'll go to a a store to purchase an item like this. <end>  Aqua pendant  I love this item. I got it as a tribute to my dog. It fits perfectly inside my Circle of Life pendant. <end>  A great product for the price!  I purchased the pendant as a Valentines gift for my wife, and she loves it! The setting looks classy, and the aquamarine is beautifully eye-clear (tiny white occlusions are visible if you look closely, so the clarity rating should be I1, not SI2). The aquamarine stone color is very light blue and, again, quite beautiful. Overall, I highly recommend this product. <end>  Heart-shaped aquamarine pendant  The pendant arrived 2 days after shipment. Our granddaughter was thrilled with it and her mom said it was quite lovely. When she opened it (over the phone) she said it was sparkling. Well-represented in the description. <end>  paler colour  The pendant is nice at this price. The colour is paler than on line pic. The chain is very fragile. <end>  Just buy it - it's awesome  I was looking at so many different product but this one cought my eye for being really cute and unique. My girfriend told me she doesn't like anything but diamonds and I was kind of skeptical about how she is going to react to something that isn't. She loved it - she is wearing it almost every day. I also got a pair of matching earings to go with it as a set. Great quality. <end>  my fiancee loved it  i thought it would be a little bit more blue, but she loved it and that's waht matters. I recommend it. <end>  My wife love it  This is a very nice pendant. The heart shape was a big hit. The packaging was outstanding. Minor complaints -the stone was paler than I expected. I think this is because I'm used to the color of fake aquamarine. Also, the chain is on the short and thin side. Still, outstanding value for the price. I recommend it. <end>  Quality Jewelry with fast shipping  The product came earlier than they stated, which is no problem to me  D It was a gift for my sister. It definitely has some "bling" to it. The heart shape is a little hard to see, but it can be told from holding it at the right angle. It does have a distinct aquamarine look to it though. The chain is quite thin and looks as though it would break easily if someone was not careful. The packaging was well put together. Overall my sister was very excited to receive it and has worn it plenty of times since she got it. Definitely would buy from the manufacturer again. <end>  perfect  I bought this for my daughter's 18th birthday. It's perfect...a little smaller than I thought it would be but beautiful...She loves it... <end>  Nice pendant, but buy a Better Chain  The necklace is nice, it is not quite as blue as shown here in the picture. If they could show the true color of it, I think more people would like it. I would reccomend buying a better chain. The one that comes with this necklace is not very strong. <end>  Smaller than Expected  After looking online, this product looked deep blue, pretty large and I was excited to buy this for my fiance. But I received it in the mail and I was somewhat disappointed. The color is a lot lighter than expected and it's tiny. I believe she will still like it, but I wouldn't recommend it if you want a larger size. <end>
 B00027CUG8  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>
 B00027DTXQ  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>
 B00027E7IW  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful ring  I received this as a gift from my husband (after much hint-dropping) and could not be more pleased. The quality of the stones is excellent  the deep blue of the sapphires is perfectly offset by the bright diamonds. According to my husband, the ordering process was very easy and the ring was easily returnable (that is, if the price tag was not removed). My setting is in white gold, which has retained its color and has stayed shiny since I received it about 8 months ago. Highly recommended. <end>
 B00027I1GQ  14K White Gold Round Genuine Ruby Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for myself because I love rubies. I wanted one for a pinky ring, and the filigree makes it just perfect. Love the fact that it is also a natural ruby. Size I ordered fit perfectly. Thumbs up to the seller! <end>
 B00027I382  14K White Gold Round Genuine Ruby Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for myself because I love rubies. I wanted one for a pinky ring, and the filigree makes it just perfect. Love the fact that it is also a natural ruby. Size I ordered fit perfectly. Thumbs up to the seller! <end>
 B00027I3CI  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Filligree Ring ||	  Graceful and Beautiful  I purchased this ring as a gift for my mother on christmas. She wears it proudly as a pinky ring, and is quoted as saying that it captures the beauty and grace of the female. A true treasure for any female. <end>
 B00027I3L4  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027I3M8  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027I3RS  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027I422  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Filligree Ring ||	  Graceful and Beautiful  I purchased this ring as a gift for my mother on christmas. She wears it proudly as a pinky ring, and is quoted as saying that it captures the beauty and grace of the female. A true treasure for any female. <end>
 B00027I48G  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027I48Q  14K White Gold Round Genuine Ruby Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for myself because I love rubies. I wanted one for a pinky ring, and the filigree makes it just perfect. Love the fact that it is also a natural ruby. Size I ordered fit perfectly. Thumbs up to the seller! <end>
 B00027I4AO  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027I4BS  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027IRJC  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Be autiful ring!  This ring is small and dainty,, wear it as a pinky ring, I love it, came in good condition, will use these vendors again, thanks! <end>
 B00027IRRO  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027IRZQ  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027IS14  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Blue Topaz Ring ||	  Beautiful  I think it would probably be better without the diamonds, since they're too small to really add anything to it. I was having a really hard time finding anything like this without diamonds, though. The topaz was actually a bit larger than I expected and is a very beautiful color. I can only hope that she loves it as much as I do. <end>
 B00027IS2S  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027ISAA  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  gem fell off  I wore this on and off for about 2 years, then one day when I woke up, the tanzanite had fallen off. I looked but never been able to find it. One of the prongs was slightly bent. So even though it looked pretty, it's very flimsy and definitely not worth it. I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold. <end>
 B00027ISXW  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027ITA4  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027ITJK  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Blue Topaz Ring ||	  Beautiful  I think it would probably be better without the diamonds, since they're too small to really add anything to it. I was having a really hard time finding anything like this without diamonds, though. The topaz was actually a bit larger than I expected and is a very beautiful color. I can only hope that she loves it as much as I do. <end>
 B00027ITM2  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Sapphire Ring ||	  way too small  Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was, way bigger. So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring. <end>
 B00027ITMC  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027IU8A  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Blue Topaz Ring ||	  Beautiful  I think it would probably be better without the diamonds, since they're too small to really add anything to it. I was having a really hard time finding anything like this without diamonds, though. The topaz was actually a bit larger than I expected and is a very beautiful color. I can only hope that she loves it as much as I do. <end>
 B00027IUVC  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027IUWG  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Be autiful ring!  This ring is small and dainty,, wear it as a pinky ring, I love it, came in good condition, will use these vendors again, thanks! <end>
 B00027IV4S  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Sapphire Ring ||	  way too small  Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was, way bigger. So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring. <end>
 B00027IV5W  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  gem fell off  I wore this on and off for about 2 years, then one day when I woke up, the tanzanite had fallen off. I looked but never been able to find it. One of the prongs was slightly bent. So even though it looked pretty, it's very flimsy and definitely not worth it. I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold. <end>
 B00027LSY8  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  --- 5 Year review --- Still a great ring after stone replacement  It is a very nice looking opal ring that is not too small or too gaudy. I like the fillagree style and colorful stone. The diamonds are too small to really make a fuss over, but does give a nice sparkle touch.I ended up getting a full size too large, which may have helped me because the band is really thin, and making it smaller I beleive thickened it.Overall I am very pleased, the jeweler complimented on it and I dont think he would have guessed it was at this price.--- 5 year review ----The ring is still worn from my then girlfriend to my now wife, whis was only a birthday ring at the time and she still wears it. The gold has held up very well, no need to re-plate it yet but the opal unfortunately popped out at the "two-can" house at Litchfield beach couple years ago and we replaced it with a sapphire. the fittings were still tight so I assume the opal fractured and fell out. I learned that opals are a soft stone and can fall out or break more easily than other harder stones.5 stars, opals can break.. ring still great. <end>  Colorful opal  This ring gets mixed review from me. The opal does have nice color and seems to be of decent quality. The filligree is nice and adds to the visual appeal. As noted by other reviewers, the diamonds are small but nicely frame the opal. Unlike another review, the band on the ring I got wasn't thin and seems to be nice. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the opal/set. The ad made it look bigger. It is still a pretty ring but expected a bit larger stone. <end>
 B00027LVOK  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  --- 5 Year review --- Still a great ring after stone replacement  It is a very nice looking opal ring that is not too small or too gaudy. I like the fillagree style and colorful stone. The diamonds are too small to really make a fuss over, but does give a nice sparkle touch.I ended up getting a full size too large, which may have helped me because the band is really thin, and making it smaller I beleive thickened it.Overall I am very pleased, the jeweler complimented on it and I dont think he would have guessed it was at this price.--- 5 year review ----The ring is still worn from my then girlfriend to my now wife, whis was only a birthday ring at the time and she still wears it. The gold has held up very well, no need to re-plate it yet but the opal unfortunately popped out at the "two-can" house at Litchfield beach couple years ago and we replaced it with a sapphire. the fittings were still tight so I assume the opal fractured and fell out. I learned that opals are a soft stone and can fall out or break more easily than other harder stones.5 stars, opals can break.. ring still great. <end>  Colorful opal  This ring gets mixed review from me. The opal does have nice color and seems to be of decent quality. The filligree is nice and adds to the visual appeal. As noted by other reviewers, the diamonds are small but nicely frame the opal. Unlike another review, the band on the ring I got wasn't thin and seems to be nice. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the opal/set. The ad made it look bigger. It is still a pretty ring but expected a bit larger stone. <end>
 B00027LW58  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  Gorgeous! Everything I expected and then some! Even prettier than the picture. I would recommend this for any woman! Fairly priced, too. <end>
 B00027LW76  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Filligree Ring ||	  Great Purchase  I love this ring, I wear it practically every day and I couldn't be happier with it. The gold is a little more yellow than it appears in the display image but it still looks amazing with the stone. I am completely satisfied with this purchase. <end>
 B00027LWKI  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  Gorgeous! Everything I expected and then some! Even prettier than the picture. I would recommend this for any woman! Fairly priced, too. <end>
 B00027LWQC  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  my mother loved it  bought this for mothers day it is her birth stone she loved it still wears it 3 years later and it is still intact <end>
 B00027LWUI  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Aquamarine Filligree Ring ||	  Aquamarine and Diamond Ring  At 58 years old, this is my first birthstone ring ... and I am DELIGHTED! I was actually jumping up and down in my seat when I opened the box. It is lovely and was in a cute bag with a little bear as a plus!! This is just an awesome, dainty, beautifully colored Aquamarine White Gold Ring. SUPER! <end>
 B00027LXRK  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Sapphire Filligree Ring ||	  disappointed  was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back <end>
 B00027LYSI  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  --- 5 Year review --- Still a great ring after stone replacement  It is a very nice looking opal ring that is not too small or too gaudy. I like the fillagree style and colorful stone. The diamonds are too small to really make a fuss over, but does give a nice sparkle touch.I ended up getting a full size too large, which may have helped me because the band is really thin, and making it smaller I beleive thickened it.Overall I am very pleased, the jeweler complimented on it and I dont think he would have guessed it was at this price.--- 5 year review ----The ring is still worn from my then girlfriend to my now wife, whis was only a birthday ring at the time and she still wears it. The gold has held up very well, no need to re-plate it yet but the opal unfortunately popped out at the "two-can" house at Litchfield beach couple years ago and we replaced it with a sapphire. the fittings were still tight so I assume the opal fractured and fell out. I learned that opals are a soft stone and can fall out or break more easily than other harder stones.5 stars, opals can break.. ring still great. <end>  Colorful opal  This ring gets mixed review from me. The opal does have nice color and seems to be of decent quality. The filligree is nice and adds to the visual appeal. As noted by other reviewers, the diamonds are small but nicely frame the opal. Unlike another review, the band on the ring I got wasn't thin and seems to be nice. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the opal/set. The ad made it look bigger. It is still a pretty ring but expected a bit larger stone. <end>
 B00027N094  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Picture Perfect  The ring was lovely and the opal was stunning. My only regret was it had the prongs and not bevelled. <end>
 B00027N1KM  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Picture Perfect  The ring was lovely and the opal was stunning. My only regret was it had the prongs and not bevelled. <end>
 B00027NHRE  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Men's Men's Ring ||	  my son loves it!  My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring. After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high, I decided to check out the offerings on line. My son decided on this ring and he loves it. Shipping was very fast. Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick. The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price. Many thanks. <end>
 B00027NI0A  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  Nice ring but ouch!  This is a beautiful ring, and I really liked it. Only problem is the stone fell out, and I chucked it int the woods oooopsie! Besides from that little mishap, very nice looking and exquisite design. <end>
 B00027NI1O  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  +++  good design , AAA stone quality (i assume since it change colors it came from africa region)good toy ) <end>
 B00027NJ2M  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  +++  good design , AAA stone quality (i assume since it change colors it came from africa region)good toy ) <end>
 B00027NJMM  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  +++  good design , AAA stone quality (i assume since it change colors it came from africa region)good toy ) <end>
 B00027NJVI  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  Nice ring but ouch!  This is a beautiful ring, and I really liked it. Only problem is the stone fell out, and I chucked it int the woods oooopsie! Besides from that little mishap, very nice looking and exquisite design. <end>
 B00027NKPS  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Men's Men's Ring ||	  my son loves it!  My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring. After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high, I decided to check out the offerings on line. My son decided on this ring and he loves it. Shipping was very fast. Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick. The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price. Many thanks. <end>
 B00027Q8GQ  14K White Gold Marquise Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Ring  Is a lovely gift to my daughter and she loves it very much.Thank youChar <end>
 B00027QA6O  14K White Gold Marquise Genuine Opal Ring ||	  not well made  had the ring two and a half weeks and woke up to the stone missing. I was using this as my engagement ring --it was very hard to find a band or enhancer to go with it--I finally found an anniversary band that would work when the opal fell out!!I do not work in construction or do many dishes so I don't know why this did not last. <end>
 B00027QAMI  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  rudy ring  Item was smaller than i thought it would be, but i did not measure the size on my own from your description, that was my fault. it is a nice ring though <end>
 B00027QAO6  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  Good ring for the price  I like the ring and tanzanite looks nice as well in the ring and good value for the price as well. <end>
 B00027QAS2  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027QAUU  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  Good ring for the price  I like the ring and tanzanite looks nice as well in the ring and good value for the price as well. <end>
 B00027QBC2  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027QBD6  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  rudy ring  Item was smaller than i thought it would be, but i did not measure the size on my own from your description, that was my fault. it is a nice ring though <end>
 B00027QBJU  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  rudy ring  Item was smaller than i thought it would be, but i did not measure the size on my own from your description, that was my fault. it is a nice ring though <end>
 B00027QBW2  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027VUE6  14K Yellow Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  looks nice, not the best quality.  The ring actually looks nice, but the picture is a little misleading. The whole back of the ring is hollow. Overall, the ring weighs about as much as a ring that you would get in a quarter machine. I can't see how the price can be anywhere over 200 dollars. I'm considering returning this. <end>
 B00027VX52  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027VYRY  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027WGKI  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  beautiful  The ring was as featured. In fact it was even nicer. It was a gift and my husband was very pleased with it. <end>
 B00027WGQ2  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  beautiful  The ring was as featured. In fact it was even nicer. It was a gift and my husband was very pleased with it. <end>
 B00027WIAQ  14K White Gold Round Genuine Aquamarine Men's Men's Ring ||	  It's Ok, but don't expect any weight  This is a nice ring, but do not expect it to feel like it is on your finger. There is no weight to it. The stone has a nice cut and color. If you want a nice heavey ring go with sterling. <end>
 B00027WIRE  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  beautiful  The ring was as featured. In fact it was even nicer. It was a gift and my husband was very pleased with it. <end>
 B00027X1C0  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Garnet Solitaire Ring ||	  Just right!  This ring is just right. I do not like overbearding rings.The garnet is big enough for others to see, but not overbearing.It's plain but that is what I like. Some rings are so fancy they aren't pretty at all to me. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B00027Z2YU  Art Deco Style Sterling Onyx, Enamel and Diamond Filigree Necklace ||	  Art Deco Jewelry  A beautiful piece of jewelry with very nice stones for a great price. Highly recommended. My wife loves their stuff. <end>
 B000289SGC  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Amethyst and Diamond Ring in 14 kt White Gold Size 5 ||	  Good-quality ring at a fair price  I bought this ring for my girlfriend. She's been wearing it for about nine months now without any problems. The ring is attractive, and she's received some compliments on it. Overall, I'm satisfied with the purchase, and my girlfriend seems to like it, as well. <end>
 B000289U88  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Emerald and Diamond Ring in 14 kt White Gold Size 6 ||	  A nervous buy that worked out great  This was my first jewlery purchase online. I bought this ring as a wedding gift. Shipping was very quick. Upon arrival I opened it and was very pleased. My wife loves it and emerald happens to be her birthstone. Remember that your created stones will be a much clearer prettier stone but I think they look too good and fake. Really, what woman doesn't want the real thing and this is a great value. <end>  amazing engagement ring!  My fiancee gave me this ring for our engagement! The color of the emerald is exquisite, with no cloudy spots. The diamonds are small, but give it a nice sparkle without taking away from the elegance of the emerald. Very luxurious, small ring which works well for an engagement ring because it is comfortable enough to wear all day long. This ring is exactly what I wanted and I am very pleased with it! The shipping was fast and the service was wonderful, as well! <end>
 B00028ANXO  Pugster White Number 20 Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Love my charms  Love my charms... I have quite a few bracelets, watch bracelets and medical bracelets. You use to be able to find the charms sold everywhere, but not now.. now mostly internet <end>
 B00028CVWU  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful ring  I received this as a gift from my husband (after much hint-dropping) and could not be more pleased. The quality of the stones is excellent  the deep blue of the sapphires is perfectly offset by the bright diamonds. According to my husband, the ordering process was very easy and the ring was easily returnable (that is, if the price tag was not removed). My setting is in white gold, which has retained its color and has stayed shiny since I received it about 8 months ago. Highly recommended. <end>  Beautiful ring  I received this as a gift from my husband (after much hint-dropping) and could not be more pleased. The quality of the stones is excellent  the deep blue of the sapphires is perfectly offset by the bright diamonds. According to my husband, the ordering process was very easy and the ring was easily returnable (that is, if the price tag was not removed). My setting is in white gold, which has retained its color and has stayed shiny since I received it about 8 months ago. Highly recommended. <end>
 B0002936KA  Amazon.com  Dead Beetle Bracelet (Medium, white)  Clothing ||	  A smash hit  My girlfriend is a teacher - students are consistently amazed by this bracelet. Decidedly a conversation piece, well worth the purchase. <end>
 B00029GPSU  Red Leather Bracelet with two rows of Pearls ||	  Nice quality, but its a bright red  The bracelet is well made but the leather was a brighter color red then i was expecting. <end>
 B00029U2FC  14k Yellow Gold Children/Adult Fit Twisted Diamond Cut Design Hoop Earrings, Medium (M) Size 2x25mm, HypoAllergenic - $79.99 SALE | NO State Sales TAX exc. MA ||	  Earrings for Child  Earrings are more suited for a child. Magnified to the extreme on screen. Earrings Direct (vendor) needs to make it more convienient for the buyer to make contact. <end>
 B00029U2HU  14k Yellow Gold Filigree Design Small to Medium (S/M) Size 5mm Ball Stud Earrings, HypoAllergenic ||	  Unique  I bought the earring as a gift for my mother-in-law. I am very happy with the earrings, (and she was as well), but I wish there had been a sticker, card or something identifying the product as 14k gold. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Filigree Design 5 mm Stud Earrings  The earrings are great for a second piercing. The are beautiful whether you are dressed up or going casual. The filigree design work turns peoples heads because it is unusual and best of all the price was fair. <end>  Beautiful earrings!  Great product & fast ship. Only wish the box had a 14K tag in it. Nothing says 14K anywhere! <end>  Beautiful, stylish, and delicate  I originally saw these earrings in a local jewelry store and immediately wanted to give them to my wife for her birthday. I was able to purchase them from Amazon for $25 less and the service was outstanding. It is impossible to describe the true beauty of these earrings, and the quality is superior. They are small and delicate, and look great with anything my wife wears. <end>  Exquisite  This product is slightly expensive compared to other similar earrings. However, the craftsmanship is beautiful, and these earrings are delicate and elegant, and the perfect size. They come in a really elegant box, perfect for gift-giving. <end>  exquisite earrings  These arrived very late, most probably because they had to come to an overseas address. They're gorgeous, with really fine workmanship. <end>  Even prettier than I expected...  I was extremely pleased with the earrings that I received. I'm glad I purchased 2 pairs. I would DEFINITELY buy from earrings.com again. <end>
 B00029U2IY  14k Gold Endless Hoop Earrings | Medium Size, 22mm or 7/8" diameter, 1mm thick seamless look eternal loop | Flexible Children/Adult Perfect Fit Design | HYPOALLERGENIC - $62.99 SALE ||	  Every day comfort  these earrings are ideal for every day and all night wear. I have very senstive skin,(i.e. rashes from anything less than 14K gold to rashes from clothing tags) I wear these earrings daily(I sleep in them too) in fact, they do not come out unless I am going somewhere fancy and need to switch to something flashier. <end>  Gold endless hoops - good, but not great  The earrings delivered were as described and will certainly work for me. I was a bit disappointed in the strength and flexibility of the gold wire. These earrings were much more flexible that the 25-year-old pair I was replacing. I doubt that the new ones are as strong and will hold up as well. However, they do what I need them to do and can be worn around the clock without irritation. <end>  14k endless hoop earrings  I purchased these earrings as replacements for an earring I lost. The size is OK (difficult to determine on-line) the actual diameter of the tube is much finer than expected. I wear these 24/7 as I did my original set and have had them for about a week. The earrings are changing color - they look stained - kind of redish which 14k gold should not do unless subjected to something like iodine. These earring have had nothing but shampoo and water touch them. I will most likely be returning them.I contacted Earrings Direct and was told they could do nothing for me even though the issue is defective product related. They told me to "polish them". Do not use this firm - they have very poor customer service. <end>  I never take them off  I love, love these earrings. I bought them because I wanted a pair of earrings to wear all of the time. Unless there is something special then I will change for a special occasion. But, these earrings I wear in the shower ---- they are always shinning and they never rust because they are real gold. I received these earrings before the scheduled delivery date. <end>  Very nice earrings  The earrings are very nice, as described. The size is right, not too big not too small, very light and flexible. I just had a little problem when I wanted to put them on. They are flexible but for me it was a little difficult to put them on so I needed my husband help. However, all together they are lovely and another good point for me is that I am from UK, Scotland and here I can find just 9ct yellow gold for up to 35, so for me to pay just 20 (excluding the post charges) for 14ct yellow gold it really worth the money. I will really recommend them but read carefully the description. Somebody said that they are "too thin". Well, I think that you have to read the description carefully and to understand what 0.1 centimetres means, and then you will be happy with your purchase. Many thanks. <end>  just the right size  I bought these to replace a pair I've had a long time, because I lost one. I love this style and size and very glad to see it offered on Amazon. I wear them all the time in the summer.Price wasn't bad given today's gold prices and arrived nicely boxed. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Medium (M) Size Endless Hoop Earrings, HypoAllergenic  On the internet, they looked real nice and just what I was looking for; however, when I received them the quality was not what I wanted. These were too thin! The size was perfect, however. <end>  As described but closure is not secure  I was very happy with this product in terms of size, color & quality all being as described. I was looking for a pair of earrings to wear day in and day out, without poking me while sleeping. These earrings serve that function well with 1 exception  they come out too easily! I would say the prong that extends into the closure needs to be longer.I have pulled out one earring by mistake on 2 separate occasions with 2 weeks  once while removing a shirt over my head, and once while pushing my hair behind my ear. Unfortunately with earrings that come out this easily, they can't serve as every day wear. <end>  Broke first time I tried to wear  The first time I tried to put on these earrings one of the earrings snapped because it wasn't flexible enough to allow me to put it in my ear. The other earring was flexible and I had no problems with it. I've bought earrings similar to these from other companies and have been able to wear them for years, which only makes this experience more disappointing. <end>
 B0002AAPQM  Earcuff 9DSS Sterling Silver ||	  Very nice  The cuff is very elegant looking and looks great. One side is curved but the other side is just sharp edges so you have to be careful when you squeeze it shut. Working on getting it squeezed into a better shape so it doesn't stab as much but I can wear it all day and only adjust it a couple of times when it gets too much. <end>  Earcuff 9DSS Sterling Silver review  This earring looks great and holds in place, but the only bad thing is it hurts after awhile. <end>  Simple little Thing  The item itself is simple just as shown. Just a silver colored metal band that is connected on one end and is completely bare on the other (slightly sharp too). I had to do some gentle reshaping so it wouldn't fall off my ear. Other then that it was fine. Comes in a little clear plastic case filled with stuffing. <end>  I love it sooooo much!!!  This is the first ear cuff I've ever purchased, and I have to say, I feel at LEAST 89% cooler now that I have it. ;) It's a genius way to add some extra bling without having to get another piercing. It fits great and is so comfortable I forget it's even there... except when I look in the mirror and realize how hipster I look now. ;) <end>  i liked it  im 14 and my parents dont like me piercing everything i want to, so i got this! i went to school and everyone asked if it hurt, so i guess it looks believable. it came on time and well packaged in a small purple container that i love! i highly recommend, unless you are disorganized. unfortunately they are very easy to lose due to the smallness of the product. but still, i thinkk 5 stars!! <end>  nice  The earring is great...I have had it for about 6 months now and I still enjoy it. It is not the most comfortable earring but it is a great piece. <end>  Great earcuff for those who don't want to pierce  I bought this cuff for my 18 year old daughter who let her pierced ears close after twice getting terrible infections. She loves the cuff..it looks fabulous... and she no longer feels the desire to pierce. <end>  great alternative for piercing  My daughter wanted her cartilage pierced but is allergic to metals. This wrap provided a great alternative for her. She is able to wear it and have the "look" of a piercing but can remove it when the metal starts to irritate her ears. She is quite pleased. It stays snug and has had no issues with falling off. <end>  Hard to put on  When I first got the ear cuff, I thought it looked very thin and small and would get lost on my ear. Well, it took quite some gyrations and manipulations to get it on my ear. I finally gave up the first night and voila! was able to get it on the next morning when I tried. It looks great! I got both silver and gold. Not too much, doesn't interfere with the other jewelry in my ear. I don't know if it was just me or if it truly is hard to get on, but I love it. <end>  Very attractive ear cuff  I love this little ear cuff. It is just the right size and shape. It fits great and looks delicate. I used to have piercings in my upper ears but they would always get infected, this is the perfect alternative. Next, I am going to get the spiral earrings this company sells--they are beautful. This arrived fast--in fact, I think it was the first thing to arrive out of an order of 30 products. I am very pleased. <end>  Great earcuff  Love this earcuff. It is delicate looking and comfortable. I might buy another one - just in case I lose this one. <end>  Great Buy  Bought this ear cuff last week, extremely satisfied. Looks like a read piercing. Not bulky or fragile. Good sterling silver and is comfortable to wear. Fits a little more loosely than it does in the picture, but it looks good the way it fits.I would definitely buy another one. <end>  looks just like in the pic  It stays in place for me.... I wouldnt plan on sleeping with it on though.It's a little bit fragile, (but not bad) and since the company claims to replace if it breaks then I feel better about the purchase... honestly, i am more worried about losing it, and not because the size but because i'm bad to misplace things =o <end>  My wife loves it  I gave this earcuff to my wife as a birthday gift. She loves it and it looks great on her. <end>  Awesome  Love this earring. I have no complaints. It looks great and doesn't feel uncomfortable at all. What's not to like about having another earring without the hassle of additional piercings. <end>  silver ear cuff  Excellent packaging not one of those little ziploc baggies for storge either. Went on with a little manipulation and once placed where they advised, fit perfectly. I generally sleep in my second set of piercings and dislike having to take earrings in and out. Kept in cuff, slept in it, bathed in it, went kickboxing in it and it stayed in no pain or discomfort and no adjustments. It's realistic looking, my staff thought it was real and wanted to know where I got it. I love the look of the piercings but not enthusiastic about the pain or the healing process. This way i get the best of both worlds. Thinking about ordering one for upper ear! <end>  Comfortable Elegance  I absolutely adore this ear cuff; it is sleek and comfy. I haven't felt any pain or irritation while wearing this cuff, it is a bit tricky to put it on and off, but nothing to hinder it. Once on, the cuff stays in place and I have no worries of it might falling off. I also just bought the 6DSS Sterling Silver tiny earwrap as well. Excellent for a first cuff. The little thumb-sized plastic container it came in has already come in hand for keeping my growing collection of ear cuffs! Love it! <end>  So cool it was stolen.  Subtle and cool - great look. Mine was stolen after 2 hours.Tempted to order again - fun summmer bling. <end>  Ear cuff  Love this ear cuff. High quality, fits comfortably. Looks great. Don't forget to take it off at night, however. It may slip off during the night. NEVER have an issue with it falling off during the day. <end>  Beautiful Earcuff  This item arrived in excellent condition and on time. It's width made it easy to wear and it fits wonderfully. I love it and I will continue to do business with this company in the future. <end>  LOVE IT!!!  This ear cuff is great! It fits comfortably on my ear and doesn't seem like it wants to fall off. I really can't even feel it on my ear at all. I absolutely love it!! <end>  Great Product!  I love this product! It is comfortable and very believable. They sent it on time and I have gotten so many compliments. <end>  Sturdy yet feminine; so cute!  I was afraid when I ordered this earcuff that it would fall off, but it's been pulled and tugged and still stays in place. I love the look of it, too. Noone can tell whether or not I have an actual piercing. I'm going to buy the 6s to wear on top, now that I have no anxieties about losing them. Five stars! <end>  Simple and Elegant  This cuff is delicate and just as shown in the pictures. It's subtle, more for a quiet night out than for clubbing. The sterling silver adds the extra touch to this cuff.Personally, I had no problem putting on the cuff and can wear it all day with no irritation (maybe it's just my ears). <end>  Loved it  It was perfect for my daughter. Please note tho, the back of the cuff is open so she has to be careful not to pull it because it will scratch the back of her ear. Seems odd, but it works. <end>  Cute, but not worth it  It is an elegant ear cuff and i received it in the cutest packaging and it was so quick! HOWEVER, I'm young and I like to experiment with a lot of different cuffs and earrings and this was wayy too plain for my taste. I was expecting it to have a rhinestone or two or some bling but it was just a plain circular loop, $10 could have beeen better spent somewhere else in my opinion. <end>
 B0002BQOHK  14kt White Gold Diamond Letter "M" Necklace- DS1042M ||	  letter M  neckless with a letter M all with diamonds <end>
 B0002BQP92  14kt White Gold Ball Earrings- ES1420 ||	  Not As Advertised!  These earrings are advertised to be 1/4" in diameter (.24" in another place in the description). They are TINY--not even 1/8" in diameter--big difference. They are also advertised to be "solid" but another customer was told by customer service that they are hollow. <end>  These earrings are not "solid"  The pair I received had a small dent in one of the earrings. I called "Accent on Gold Jewelry" to notify them, and the person I spoke to told me that the balls are, in fact, hollow. <end>
 B0002BQP9C  14kt White Gold Ball Earrings- ES1421 ||	  Whitd Gold Earrings  I was not happy with the earrings because the backs were too loose and the first time I wore them I lost one. Now, I have one earring. I was, however, fortunate enough to wear them half a day. <end>
 B0002C767G  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stones Tanzanite and Diamond Ring ||	  0.85 cts Tanzanite Ring  This ring is beautiful...on the "delicate" side but quite nice in color which to me is "lilac." It wasn't easy to find tanzanites set east-to-west so I am happy with my selection. <end>
 B0002C76EE  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76EY  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76TE  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C76TO  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C76U8  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C77F2  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 7x5mm Genuine Tanzanite and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Good stone, but bad band  Received the ring in a timely manner.The stone is lighter and more purple than the blue shown in the picture, but very pretty nontheless. I have not had it appraised and checked by my local jeweler yet, so cannot speak to the quality of the stone. To my ametuer eye, it is satisfying.However, the craftsman work on the band was the crudest I've ever seen. Not sure if it is due to the re-sizing, but I've had rings re-sized before and none came back asymmetrical. <end>  Good stone, but bad band  Received the ring in a timely manner.The stone is lighter and more purple than the blue shown in the picture, but very pretty nontheless. I have not had it appraised and checked by my local jeweler yet, so cannot speak to the quality of the stone. To my ametuer eye, it is satisfying.However, the craftsman work on the band was the crudest I've ever seen. Not sure if it is due to the re-sizing, but I've had rings re-sized before and none came back asymmetrical. <end>  Good stone, but bad band  Received the ring in a timely manner.The stone is lighter and more purple than the blue shown in the picture, but very pretty nontheless. I have not had it appraised and checked by my local jeweler yet, so cannot speak to the quality of the stone. To my ametuer eye, it is satisfying.However, the craftsman work on the band was the crudest I've ever seen. Not sure if it is due to the re-sizing, but I've had rings re-sized before and none came back asymmetrical. <end>  Good stone, but bad band  Received the ring in a timely manner.The stone is lighter and more purple than the blue shown in the picture, but very pretty nontheless. I have not had it appraised and checked by my local jeweler yet, so cannot speak to the quality of the stone. To my ametuer eye, it is satisfying.However, the craftsman work on the band was the crudest I've ever seen. Not sure if it is due to the re-sizing, but I've had rings re-sized before and none came back asymmetrical. <end>
 B0002C77IY  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Created Sapphire Earring Screw Back Studs in 14 kt White Gold ||	  Beauitiful earrings  Recipient likes them very much. Great color. Good value. Would definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  very satisfied  it would have been great to be able to track the package. something so valuable should be trackable.from my wife I just got my earrings. They're beautiful. Thank you, honey. <end>  Lovely  From my husband, for our 10th anniversary. I love these earrings--a beautiful dark blue, and the screwbacks are nice and solid. <end>  beautiful earrings  earrings were wonderful--dark blue and clear. The screwback posts made me feel secure about the earrings staying on <end>
 B0002CU7DQ  14kt Yellow Gold Horse Charm ||	  Horse lover  Bought this charm as a christmas gift for a horse lover. She loved it. It was excellent quality and fair priced. <end>
 B0002CVMVC  Sterling Silver Heart Charm Toggle Bracelet 7 and 1/2" in Length. The Heart Charm Measures 1/2" wide by 1/2" High And The Bracelet Is 5mm Wide ||	  Shoddy quality  Product is not as pictured. Looks like a dimestore fake. I had purchased this for one of my bridesmaids, and now have to spend more money to buy her something else. I would not give this to a 4 year old-- let alone a 34 year old. I am very disappointed!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Not quite as represented.  The packaging the bracelet came in was quite upscale, nice black leather case, MUCH nicer than the bracelet deserved, however.The bracelet itself is light weight and the heart attached is ridiculously cheap. It is not rounded as pictured, but flat like a dog tag (only much smaller). I'm using mine as a base for a charm bracelet but I would never wear it by itself. I understand though that it is NOT an expensive bracelet and the weight is probably about right for .925 silver at that price. <end>  Not what it appears to be!  I was very disappointed with the quality of the product and the heart is very small, the picture does not depict what you're actually getting. <end>  Not worth the shipping costs much less $60 for NOTHING...  This was the most pitiful thing I had ever seen. I had been so excited that I had found a bracelet that was nearly identical to one that had recently gotten stolen. My previous bracelet was purchased at a mall kiosk and for almost the same price so I was in heaven. I couldnt wait to receive my new bracelet. !!! What a true disappointment...I would not have bought this item for $10 had I seen it. I have bought many many things from Amazon and will continue but this was an eye-opener. <end>  sterling silver heart charm toggle bracelet.  The heart was very small, and had large engraving on one side of it (very unattractive). I was very disappointed, and returned it. <end>  Never received it  I am sure I would have rated it highly if I received it. I sent it to a freinds address and she said she never received it. <end>  heart charm bracelets  These bracelets are lovely, I purchased 2 for my 19 an 23 yr old daughters. High quality! <end>
 B0002CVNK2  14KT Ladies 2.00CT Peridot Pendant ||	  Truly Surprised - in a great way  After looking at many Peridot pendants I ordered this one as a gift. I assumed it would be nice but was not prepared for just how nice the stone would be.. The stone is clear, bright, and crisp. The color is a bright light green almost a match for the picture. The stone actually looks better than the picture. Of course every stone is different so your mileage may vary, but I would but from this vendor again based on the quality of the product. <end>
 B0002CVNQG  14KT Black Onyx Earrings ||	  Lovely earrings  I was pleased when I received the onyx earrings they were just what I wanted.The size is great and the setting is very classic. I would recommend them to anyone who enjoys wearing black, actually they almost go with everything. <end>
 B0002CVO56  14KT Round Garnet Earrings ||	  14K Garnet Earrings  These earrings were beautiful and I received them very quickly. I would buy from this seller again! <end>
 B0002CVOCO  14KT London Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  My wife loved them.  They arrived on time, looked every bit of what I expected and my wife loved them. <end>
 B0002CVOGK  14KT 4.00 Carat Blue Topaz Pendant ||	  Stone is too small  I have not purchased, but at 10 by 8 millimeters, the stone is smaller than what I'm looking for. Can anyone let me know where I can find a larger stone? <end>
 B0002CVPVO  .06ct Diamond Earring Jackets 1/4" Diameter ||	  .06ct Diamond Earring Jackets  I couldn't find their size listed but knowing they were small I purchased them anyway as my studs were only 1/4 ct. I would have kept them but my posts are screw-type and they didn't fit through the hole. So, I'm returning them. <end>  earring jackets  the jackets are very very small.......my 1/2 carat stud almost covers the jacket.....the diamond chips are barely visible. im returning item and will shop again.....the item description was indeed accurate,i confused my millimeters with centimeters. <end>  small but pretty  nice for the price. I like the little extra sparkle this adds to my studs and can wear them with many earrings <end>
 B0002CVQ3G  1.67ct Total Weight Pave Heart Shape Diamond Earrings In 18kt White Gold. ||	  SIZE  I WANT TO KNOW MORE OR LESS THE SIZE OR DIAMETER THAT THE EARRINGS HAVE. WAITING FOR YOUR ANSWER. ELENA LAVIADA <end>
 B0002CWWFW  N.Y. Yankees 14kt gold post earrings for pierced ears 3/8" wide by 1/4" high ||	  STARTER Earrings, very flimsy.  These earrings are STARTER earrings. They are in the tube that goes into the gun to pierce someones ears. The description said nothing about this. The quality of these earrings is extremely flimsy. The earrings themselves are very thin and they felt like they could bend very easily. I was extremely disappointed when I received them which is why I returned them immediately. I would not recommend these to anyone. Sorry! <end>
 B0002CWWXO  Sterling Silver .82CT Round Amethyst Earrings ||	  Beautiful  I love these earrings! The stones are so pretty & clear, set very nicely. I enjoy wearing them very much! <end>  dissapointing  I was very dissapointed with these earrings. Had purchased them as a February birthday gift but bought something else instead. The stones looked dull, color was more pink than purple and one post was bent out of shape. Lesson learned  I won't be ordering jewelry online again. <end>  Very pleased  I was very pleased with these earrings. They are lovely. I was also impressed with the speed of the order. I placed a ton of online orders in one day with lots of merchants. This one arrived before any others. I would recommend this product and merchant. <end>
 B0002D91PA  14KT Two Tone Pearl and Diamond Ring ||	  Beautiful ring, great price  This ring is gorgeous, exactly what I wanted, and fits perfectly. Delivery was very fast. The seller even contacted me by email before shipping to make sure the size was correct. Price was very reasonable. I am very happy! <end>
 B0002D98HG  .01CT Round Diamond and Oval Ruby Ring ||	  Dainty, delicate, beautiful  Just received my ring. It's just as expected. I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker. A very good buy for the price. It would be a good gift for a teenager too. I love it. <end>
 B0002D991Q  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire ||	  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire Ring  I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loved it. Everything about the ring is great. The appraisal came with the ring and everything was in order just as they said it would be. It is well worth the money. <end>
 B0002D9D62  14KT Two Tone Pearl and Diamond Ring ||	  Beautiful ring, great price  This ring is gorgeous, exactly what I wanted, and fits perfectly. Delivery was very fast. The seller even contacted me by email before shipping to make sure the size was correct. Price was very reasonable. I am very happy! <end>
 B0002D9Z1K  .50Ct Round Diamond Gents Wedding Band ||	  Outstanding!!  Tremendous value for such a stunning, gorgeous ring. It's like having an uncle in the jewelry business! The customer service was excellent. A.J. responded to my questions in a fast, courteous and knowledgable manner. He was great with answering all of my queries and getting this ring out to me within 3 days--even with sizing!!! My fiance loved it and immediately put it on but I will be putting it back in the box until our wedding day  ) I will do all of my jewelry shopping with them before I look anywhere else. <end>  Outstanding!!  Tremendous value for such a stunning, gorgeous ring. It's like having an uncle in the jewelry business! The customer service was excellent. A.J. responded to my questions in a fast, courteous and knowledgable manner. He was great with answering all of my queries and getting this ring out to me within 3 days--even with sizing!!! My fiance loved it and immediately put it on but I will be putting it back in the box until our wedding day  ) I will do all of my jewelry shopping with them before I look anywhere else. <end>
 B0002D9Z1U  .50Ct Round Diamond Gents Wedding Band ||	  Outstanding!!  Tremendous value for such a stunning, gorgeous ring. It's like having an uncle in the jewelry business! The customer service was excellent. A.J. responded to my questions in a fast, courteous and knowledgable manner. He was great with answering all of my queries and getting this ring out to me within 3 days--even with sizing!!! My fiance loved it and immediately put it on but I will be putting it back in the box until our wedding day  ) I will do all of my jewelry shopping with them before I look anywhere else. <end>
 B0002DA3X4  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire ||	  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire Ring  I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loved it. Everything about the ring is great. The appraisal came with the ring and everything was in order just as they said it would be. It is well worth the money. <end>  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire Ring  I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loved it. Everything about the ring is great. The appraisal came with the ring and everything was in order just as they said it would be. It is well worth the money. <end>
 B0002DSOL2  14kt Solid Yellow Gold Initial "M" Charm - LET100M ||	  too small, quick refund  The item was much too small but I got a quick refund, which I appreciated <end>
 B0002E477G  Sterling Silver Full Size 2.0" Dog Tag w/ Raised Border ||	  Really nice.  Bought this as a gift for my fiance whom fell in love with it immediately. Its shiney and not too heavy. We wipe it clean frequently with a jewery cloth because silver will tarnish easily. I later had it ingraved with a personal message. The dog tag is perfect. <end>
 B0002E47K8  Sterling Silver Flawlessly Finished Huggie Earrings for men and women, U-Shape, 7/16" tall ||	  delighted  These are great looking and I wear three earrings and these do not look garish or overdone. <end>  great  )  Yes they ARE small, which is exactly how I like my earrings  ) i'm getting more already! *partly cuz I lost one but it was for a noble cause ;)* Anyways I recommend these! <end>  SABRINA CO. NEVER DISAPPOINTS  THEY ARE VERY SMALL AND ALSO VERY COMFORTABLE FOR ME AS I WEAR MORE THAN ONE PAIR AT A TIME.I HAVE MORE THAN 7 PIERCINGS ON MY EARS AND I'VE NO TIME FOR BROKEN EARRINGS.OR EARRINGS THAT FALL OFF.FOR THIS PRICE SABRINA CO. OFFERS BEAUTIFUL,QUALITY AND DURABLE EARRINGS.THESE EARRINGS ARE STILL AMONG MY FAVORITESABSOLUTELY RECOMMENDED! <end>  Buyer Beware, Not as Advertised!!!!  Please do not purchase based on the dimensions Sabrina Silver advertises. They are NOT 10mm wide and are a lot closer to 3mm (all other dimensions are correct). I had contacted the seller numerous times but they refuse to change this information and will not refund my shipping costs even though the product is misrepresented and the pair I had received had a hinge (not the post) that was defective (hinge was not filed and very sharp to point where you could pop a balloon with it). I was looking for a very small but wide huggie earring and going by the dimensions thought this was the pair I had been searching for, it was not. For anyone looking for a wide silver huggie earring, Stuller makes a great quality product and worth the extra $$. I will never do business with a company that thinks you are NOT entitled to a full refund for a misrepresented, damaged product that they send you. <end>  Nice But SMALL!  The earrings are not bad for the price. However be aware that the earrings are really small. If you have earlobes that are average or above average size you will not like these. Nice hoops for a child or adult with smaller ears. Mine are small but they barely have room to move. <end>  Huggies won't Hug  These earrings were exactly as pictured but the one earring would not hug and I would loose the earring. The seller did offer to replace if I would send them back. <end>  Perfect shape and size  I often wear these in my second ear piercing, behind a pair of 18k huggies, that look exactly alike these, only 2mm larger. They would look nice on their own as well. These are easy to sleep in, therefore a perfect travel earring. <end>  Beautiful (but small)!  These are wonderful little earrings, true huggies. I do not really have any room at all between the earring and my earlobe, just a fraction really. They are well-made and so beautifully shiny! I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep them since they are so small, but I put them on and haven't taken them off yet! I don't even feel that I'm wearing them, they are so light and comfortable. I like the huggie style because they are more secure. I bought these to wear in my first ear piercing, along with my CZ studs (that I wear in my upper, second ear piercing) for travel and vacation. I don't like to worry about really expensive jewelry when I travel or vacation on a lake, etc. If you are looking for a pair of small but nice huggie earrings, this is it! ( I added a photo of the earring on my ear to the images.) <end>  Really Pretty!! &lt;3  I really love these earrings but I only have one very small issue with them, they don't stay hooked as well as I would like. I think that is mostly my fault because I wear it (just one at a time) on the top part of my ear & I like to keep it on all the time even after I have taken all the rest of my earrings (9 others) out. It comes unhooked if I mess with my hair alot. BUT, I would not send them back even if they wanted me too! lol They are really pretty and shiny and JUST the right size! I highly recommend them and this seller as well. I ordered them on a Tuesday and got my order the following Monday. VERY FAST!! <end>  Excellent Buy!  I bought these earrings for my husband. They are the perfect size and very good quality. Thank you! <end>  just the right size for me  As some other reviewers mentioned, these are quite small, but I found them perfect for me. <end>  too small  These earrings are so titsy bitsy. Not sure what about these earrings was 3/4". The diameter of the circle was maybe 1/2". <end>  Perfect  I ought these as abithday gift for my 6 year old. She has very sensitive ears and has not had any problems with these. Please she loves them because they look just like my gold ones. <end>  I Love These  I wear 3 pairs at a time and these have been my everyday earrings for months. The size is perfect and they look great. I've bought several items from Sabrina Silver including earrings, rings, and necklaces and I'm very happy with all of it - quality products. <end>
 B0002E47NA  Sterling Silver Flawlessly Finished Huggie Earrings Diamond Shape, 1/2" tall ||	  NICE EARRINGS  After long research, I found the shape of earrings I was looking for. I like them, even if they are a little bit small. <end>
 B0002E50NQ  Faceted Oval Citrine Ring (size  6) ||	  It's not nearly as pretty in real life.  The stone is way more yellow and less November birthstone in real life. I never wear it because it's just not that pretty in real life. <end>
 B0002E5AFO  PalmBeach Jewelry Octagon Aquamarine 10k Gold Ring ||	  Lighter than expected but still beautiful  This ring is a very nice size. I do not like rings that are so large they look like they couldn't possibly be real.The design is nice. It seems to match everything. I like that I can wear my birthstone ring without it looking like the traditional ones.It looses one star because it is not as blue as the picture. It could almost be mistaken for a diamond (or cz .. ) without a closer look.Considering the price, I'm glad I made the purchase.Edited to add  I paid $100 for this ring. They have gone up on the price obviously. I wouldn't think of paying $375 for it!! <end>  Very Beautiful Ring  This ring is exactly as pictured in the photo, except for the stone being slightly lighter in color. The aquamarine stone is usually a very light blue. Also, it fits perfectly. I opted for expedited delivery and received it in three days. <end>
 B0002F5SVO  Amazon.com  Pave Cat Ring by Baby Phat (Silver Tone / 5)  Clothing ||	  question  hey i was wondering if you would have this ring but in a gold tone? <end>
 B0002FAV6G  Copper Freshwater Pearl Necklace with Pearl and Semiprecious Stone Drop ||	  Nothing copper about it.  I was disappointed in this necklace and matching earrings. I returned them. The return was very easy. <end>
 B0002FOJ5U  Gothic Victorian Sterling Silver BLACK ONYX Necklace ||	  WONDERFUL NECKLACE!!!!!! LOVE IT!!!  I actually got this for the sole purpose of matching my Halloween costume (it's a Gothic theme), but when I opened the pouch & was shocked!! It's a good weight (not too heavy, but noticeable). I thought the necklace would be big & overpowering, but the stones are a nice size, about the size of my pinky nail, if not a tad smaller) & the links holding them together is strong, so it doesnt look like it'll snap.I was a a bit concerned about the clasp. It's an "S" shape that you slide the ring into so the necklace is secure, but I learned to use it quickly. The rings are big so if I wanted to have a jeweler put in a regular lobster clasp I can. I may wear this more often.I'm VERY glad I brought this. Not only is it real silver & Onyx, but I paid LESS than I would have buying a costume necklace (about $25 for ONE!).--->MiNA&lt;3 <end>
 B0002FQBII  Horses Sterling Silver Running HORSE Ring Band Size 6(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  INTELLIGENT ANIMALS I LOVE  NO, I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES. I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES; BUT, SO AM I. WELL, ALL ANIMALS. HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON. REGARDS,DH <end>
 B0002FQC1O  Sterling Silver Gold LEAF Etched Hinged Bangle Bracelet ||	  Bangle Bracelet  The pictures really don't do justice to the beauty of this bangle. There are actually three 18k leaves etched on the surface (not just the one visible in the picture), and swirling patterns between them in silver. The clasp is located in the middle of the safety chain on the actual bracelet (not the chain) and is simple to operate. The hinge is well-concealed in the center of one of the gold leaves. Though it looks delicate and small on first sight, it is durable and fit my wrist perfectly. It is a lovely piece of work. <end>
 B0002FQC28  Sterling Silver Baby TODDLER Bangle Bracelet w/ Bells ||	  Bella's first braclet  We got this for our daughter and love it. She loves the way it jingles and it is so cute!! <end>
 B0002FQC9G  Oval AMETHYST Poison Box Locket Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Cheap for a reason  This does not come with a chain. That is stated in the description, but I did not notice that when I ordered it, so that's something to be aware of. There is significant discoloration inside the locket, which would be mostly hidden by any photographs placed in it. The thing that I am displeased about is that the photograph of this pendant clearly shows the stone in the middle as being pink. The stone is not pink at all; it is a dark purple. The only nice thing I have to say is that I was pleased that the company shipped this to me quite rapidly. <end>
 B0002FQCOG  Classic Two Tone Vermeil Heart Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  Classic Two Tone Vermeil HEART Sterling Silver Bracelet  I was very disapointed with this item. Bought it for a gift for my sister and was ashamed to give it to her. When I recieved the item the gold hearts had some dents in them and the gold overlay had been chipped off. I know this was not done in transit since the box was in excellent shape. I tried to contact seller a few times and got no response. Now I am left with something that cany be used and had to go and buy a different gift. <end>  Two-tone beauty  This bracelet caught my attention bec I have some 2-tone pieces (ring, earrings) without a bracelet. Since the design includes both circles and hearts, it's a lot easier to match with my stud earrings. And because it's 2-tone, it can go with either silver, white gold or yellow gold pieces. I have more options!The little bell makes quite a sound. And the bracelet is intricately made in general. It looks classy, and such a steal for the price (about $10 on sale).The only thing is, the silver part of the design sometimes gets caught with certain materials (woven cloth, other bracelets). I have NOT broken it though when I try to loosen it off. Just be gentle and patient.Bonus  all my orders from the seller arrived earlier than expected (so far). So, free standard shipping doesn't necessarily mean 2 weeks! In my case, it was just 3 days! =) <end>
 B0002FQCQY  Twisted Cable Hinged Sterling Silver Bangle Cuff Bracelet with Black Onyx Bead Ends ||	  Silver Bracelet  The black onyx bead at the end came off after wearing just a few times. Not worth it. <end>
 B0002FQCUU  Italian 2mm Sterling Silver 18" Snake Chain Necklace ||	  nice chain, but it is not 18"  This is a very pretty, well-made chain that can easily be paired with larger pendants, but it is about 1/2 inch shorter than most 18" chains, so you may want to consider buying a slightly longer one. <end>  delicate necklace  the quality of this item is very good. It is not as heavy as I originally thought, but the necklace is very pretty <end>  Exactly what I wanted  This product arrived very quickly (I ordered Monday and it got here Thursday) and is perfect. It was nicely packaged, and it looks lovely with thependant I had. I'm completely pleased. <end>  silver snake  the chain was delivered quickly and was wrapped and padded well so it arrived in good condition. It is very shiny and bright, just the touch of glitter to spark a light-weight summer outfit or combine with dark winter turtlenecks. <end>  Cool but...  I have one that is just the same.I thought it was dont know... thicker or heavier, but no.Same as the one 've been using for over 10 years now.AND it didnt arrive on time and I was charged additional for a second delivery! <end>
 B0002FQCV4  Italian 1mm Sterling Silver 36" Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  Very Nice Chain, Great Price!  This is a very nice chain with a great price! This is an excellent seller  great customer service, fast shipping, no hassles, quality products and great prices! I highly recommend this item from this seller! <end>  36 inch box chain  Wonderful!!!Its hard to fine long chains ,this one was perfect.Thank you! <end>  Lovely chain.  I love this necklace. The box style has always been the most attractive to me, and the thickness of this particular piece works well considering its length. The clasp works well although I don't need to use it since it's such a long necklance. I recommend it. <end>  very happy  This chain was shipped to me in Australia within 5 days I am very happy with the length and size of the chain I have had no problems with this product in fact I bought another one. If anyone who lives in Australia is thinking of buying this I would say go for it I had tried a number of jewelers here and the longest I could find was a 55cm chain for 35 dollars so you can imagine my delight in getting these for a fraction of the cost.Yes a very happy customer [ sorry 55cm is about 20 inches in US measurements] <end>  Gorgeous necklace  This necklace is gorgeous! It dangles at my bellybutton ( I am 5'7 " tall) and pendants look amazing on it. I have 2 heart pendants that I wear with it. One is made of white diamonds, the other is mixed colored diamonds. They both look great on this chain. I wear it with dinner dresses and to work with sweaters and suits, and everyone always compliments the look. You wont be disappointed. <end>  Very Unhappy!  I thought I was ordering a necklace that would be the same size as the picture. Buyer beware, what you see is not what you get. The links are tiny and not what I expected. I thought the price was too good to be true and boy was I right. Should have done better home work on what I was buying. I doubt I'll order here again! <end>  very pleased  I wear my health alert disc, which is sterling silver on my ss chains. I like a strong chain that is attractive and reasonable. I am happy with this merchants service and quality, and price. <end>  Looks Great  I use this chain alot for heavy pendants. It is a great size and the quality is great. I should have ordered two! <end>  Italian Silver necklace  I received the 36" Box Link Chain necklace and couldn't be happier with my purchase. It came on time as stated and it is really a beautiful necklace. It is perfect. <end>  way better than expected!  I was expecting something flimsy for the price, but when it arrived I was pleasantly surprised to find that it is very thick and shiny. It feels strong enough to hold a heavier pendant too, which was something I was worried about. This is my first purchase from Amazon.com and I'm a satisfied customer. If you're looking for a nice, long chain that is both nice looking and strong, don't hesitate to buy this one - especially for the price! <end>  Excellent value  Received this chain and was suprised at the great quality for the price. Great for charms and pendants and very sturdy. Don't hesitate. <end>  Shiny......  ...and very nice long chain. I wear it with my larger pendants and double for a more layered look. Great for the money, too! <end>
 B0002FQCW8  3mm Sterling Silver 24" Marina or Anchor Open Box Chain Necklace ||	  Marina Chain review  Over all I am satisfied wit product.Pros Shipped promptly from vendor.Made of silver as advertised.Unit is sturdy and seems to be holding upCons Clasp is poor design and hard to use. <end>  great price, great product  Exactly the type of chain I wanted- great for heavier pendants, I bought it in two lengths and they are perfect <end>  Beautiful and Useful  I bought this with a pretty whistle and wear it almost daily now. It is strong, functional and very attractive. Just what I hoped and just what I needed. <end>
 B0002FQCXM  VALKYRIE Viking Maiden Celtic Pendant Amulet Necklace ||	  Viking Beauty Necklace  Let me start with the pendant, which is the part I love. It is really well made. The detail work is beautiful. The weight feels good. I love the gold maiden over silver knotwork. Well done! The chain really cheapens it. First thing I did was set the chain aside and put the nice pendant on a chain worthy of it. HUGE difference. This product arrived quickly, was packaged exceptionally well, and in perfect condition. <end>  just simply wow  this is very nice i do like older forms of religion and how they went about things and this truly shows it right here i got it for my sister and she just loves it <end>
 B0002FQCZK  Love Talisman for Happy Romance Magic Amulet 20" Pendant Necklace ||	  Love it!  This item is exactly as advertised. Well designed, well made, and heavy. My only complaint (and the reason for the 4 stars) is that the chain is way to short. I knew this when I ordered it so I had other arrangements made, but a 26" or 28" chain would be much better, in my opinion, than a 20". Great value for the money, however. <end>
 B0002FQD04  Gothic Galraedia Silver Tone Pewter Wiccan Hecate Pagan Pendant Necklace ||	  A life saver  My mother bought this for me. I'm on her account to tell you all about this wonderful gift.This necklace is well crafted and beautiful. The picture does not do it justice. It shipped fast and arrive in a beautiful box, just like it said.I'm glad I got this necklace today, I believe it helped save my life. I worship the Goddess Hecate as it is, but I felt her presence over me today even more so because of this necklace. Thanks to it, and the Goddess' love, I'm a survior of a strong arm robbery.Thank you! <end>  Hekate Beautious  This is a beautiful necklace and fairly weighty. The chain is nothing spectacular, but the pendant is the important part anyway. It was slightly smaller than I had thought it would be, but with the heaviness, that is a good thing. I became interested in owning this item after reading a book edited by Sorita D'Este entitled Hekate  Keys to the Crossroads--a very good book with personal stories, which I feel is the beginning of a new phase in my life to look more towards the Greek myths of my childhood (and Hekate specifically) for inspiration. <end>  fast and beautiful  This is my second necklace. The artistry is beautiful. One of the nicest images I have ever found and I wear it every day. <end>  Oh my Goddess!  I have been working with Hecate for quite some time, and haven't been able to find a pendant that I really felt represented her, after a long period of time searching I finally found it! This pendant is truly beautiful and represents my Goddess perfectly! I wear it 24/7, and feel Her presence with me always. Thank you for making such a beautiful piece of Goddess wear! <end>  Simply Perfect  I received this as a gift to mark the celebration of a life transition, and nothing could have meant more. The symbolism is exquisite and the detail is full of meaning. Few jewelry items have ever come to life for me like this has. <end>  Gothic Wiccan Hecate Pendant Necklace  I lovei it. The Silver Insanity sent it very well packaged. It's is more than beautiful. <end>
 B0002FQD0O  Large Crystal CELTIC Sun Cross Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Not what I expected  I loved the idea of the necklace but the pewter blackened my neck. It wasvery costume jewelry looking. I would check for allergies to pewter before you buy this for you or anyone. I was hoping for more. <end>
 B0002H7DS8  Pugster Heart Navy Blue March Fashion Jewelry Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  A great gift!  I had purchased this for my mom as a Christmas gift - and despite being near the holidays, I received the charm *very* quickly. It was packed very well and made a great gift! The colors are nice and bright, and stands out very nicely on her bracelet. <end>  Just As Pictured  This item arrived from Pugster in a timely manner and was just as pictured (only much smaller, of course). Because the tile is smaller than pictured, it actually looks nicer, since the picture tends to show some imperfections that are not visible on the actual charm. <end>
 B0002HBBAO  3-3.5mm White Pearl Single Strand Necklace. 18&quot; ||	  Great Graduation Gift  This was an excellent gift for my 2006 graduates! They were perfectly priced and each of them have the same pair and will remember receiving them for their graduation. This would be a welcomed addition to any young ladies jewelry chest. <end>  Great Graduation Gift  This was an excellent gift for my 2006 graduates! They were perfectly priced and each of them have the same pair and will remember receiving them for their graduation. This would be a welcomed addition to any young ladies jewelry chest. <end>
 B0002HDU0I  Sterling Silver and Genuine Honey Amber Round Stud Earrings ||	  Simple but lovely  Very simple amber stud earrings. The amber is high quality with beautiful color and pattern but I have found the settings to be slightly less than perfect. <end>  Minimalistic and versatile  I've been looking for small amber earrings for quite some time. The deep honey color goes with every warm, earth tone clothing. In addition, they look fabulous when worn with black. I am into minimalistic designs and natural materials and the price is right. The silver setting met my expectations - no irregular shapes etc. I just wish there was a matching necklace. <end>  mini shine  Smaller than what I normally buy but I love popping on this little studs on my ears. Pop then go, very cute and very easy...........") <end>  Meh...  They're okay. A lot bigger than they look, and the stone's actually look kinda fake. Not something I'll be wearing often (in fact, I've not worn them once since I received them about three months ago) <end>
 B0002HE8Z4  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HE9JY  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HEA5C  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HEA5W  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HF3T4  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF4EI  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF4F2  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF5HE  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF5QK  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HFAUQ  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFAWO  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFAX8  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBC8  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBE6  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFCDQ  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFJHA  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HGDQQ  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGECE  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGEE2  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGF0K  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGF28  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGF3M  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGFMI  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGTFG  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGTN8  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGTOC  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGTQ0  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGTRE  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGUD2  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGURI  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HH7FM  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH7G6  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH7Z2  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH7ZM  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH80Q  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH81U  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8A6  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8AQ  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8EM  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8F6  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8YM  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8Z6  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH9DM  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH9E6  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH9EQ  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HHZG8  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHZZ4  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HI0DA  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HI0DK  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HI0EO  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HI0G2  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HIJFY  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIJZ4  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIK0I  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIKJE  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIKTE  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIL9S  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HILIO  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HITTA  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUBW  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUTE  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUWG  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIVAM  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HJ6NS  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ79Q  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ818  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJA6Q  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJAN4  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJB06  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJOW6  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJOXK  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJOYY  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPDO  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPES  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPS4  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPX4  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJQ8S  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJZK2  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0LK  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0QA  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0WE  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK10U  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK8A8  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK8NK  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK8OY  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK8QM  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK93E  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK97U  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK9K2  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK9NO  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HKF5Q  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKF6U  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKGIM  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKGJ6  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HR1DA  14k White Gold Letter C Diamond Initial Pendant (1/10ctw) ||	  Oops  A word of warning. Totally don't get this if your girlfriend's or wife's name begins with a letter other than "C." And if you do accidentally get it, and she gets mad, don't shrug your shoulders and say, "eh, close enough." It's just not a good idea. <end>
 B0002HTOIA  Elegant Round Cubic Zirconia CZ Adjustable Toe Ring - JewelryWeb ||	  Very beautiful but...  This is a very beautiful toe ring. I did call the company and ask if the diamond was raised higher then the band or if it was flush. She said flush. I ordered two, one for the same toe on each foot. You can't wear high healed closed toed shoes with this toe ring because the diamond is higher then the band and your shoes will press down on it vary hard. I would have to turn mine side ways, not very comfortable. In the summer with sandals this toe ring is beautiful. People really notice. I have now gone back to the toe ring that has diamonds on both sides of the band and is adjustable. It looks kind of like this one but of course without the stone. If you live in Hawaii, Florida and wear sandals everyday or tennis shoes by all means this would be a great toe ring. <end>  Dont be fooled  by the pic this item isnt as cute as it looks. you can hardly notice the itty bitty jewels when you get it home. The display picture must have really enlarged. <end>
 B0002HTOIK  Stunning Cubic Zirconia CZ Bypass Adjustable Toe Ring - JewelryWeb ||	  just not as pictured  When i saw this bypass toe ring i was really impressed! It looked thick and just what i had been surching for.Well when i got it in the mail i was so disapointed!!! It is very prety but the gold is so thin that it would snap if it got caught one time! That is a real problem for me. I wear my toe rings 247. For that kind of momey i excpect a lot more. <end>
 B0002HTQD8  "St. Nicholas" Sterling Silver Bell Pendant with Chain ||	  Help  I had one of these and it was stolen, if you know where i can find one please let me know. <end>
 B0002I40AG  Faberge Style EGGS ||	  Fabrege egg necklace charm  Fabulous! I am extremely satisfied and will purchase another egg from Masterpiece Jewels. I had accidently doubled ordered and a representative from Masterpiece Jewels called my to verify my order. He was extremely professional and kind, with personal service that you do not see much anymore. I purchase one of these every year for my anniversary and I will order from Masterpiece again. THe Fabrege egg was absoutely beautiful! Thank You again! <end>
 B0002IM87S  14K Gold Creeping Vine Black Pearl Earrings, MADE IN AMERICA ||	  Suz Andreasena  Here it is - her (Suz Andreasea's) own statement to me when I did not approve of my little $125 purchase, NO red stones - take it to heart buyers.From Suz to me, a Customer  "I can only assume you are color blind and have never seen real gemstones in your life because your comments were completely out of line"Hmmmm...I will be glad to show the photo of what I received on paper for return purposes - a Birthday gift by the way. This is such a waste of my time. <end>
 B0002IQX0G  10K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Huggie Earrings ||	  Huggies  Beautiful earrings and just what I thought they would be. The price was right and they shipped out when they said they would. <end>
 B0002IW63E  Sterling Silver Scrollwork Armor Tribal Band Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Great Ring  Ring is actually nicer in person than in the picture. Not as heavy as I had thought, but this is a plus due to the size of the ring. I gave four stars, instead of five, only because it seems to run small. I have bought many rings over the years and am a true size 9. This fits like an 8 1/2. <end>  simply tribal  I had been looking for a tribal ring for quite some time. Then I found this one. Love this ring. Very tribal and quite unique. Comes with a reasonable price tag. Oke quality. My search is over (well, at least until I find something equally good ) <end>  sterling silver scroll ring  beautiful sterling silver tribal, antique ring. The ring looks fabulous as the picture displayed. I am very pleased with my ring and you will be very happy with your purchase too! <end>
 B0002J6R2O  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J6RRO  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J7M7I  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Filligree Ring ||	  Loved ring in the brown color and the size  It was a small danity size ring which is what I wanted. I love the light brown color of the ring. <end>
 B0002J7M96  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Filligree Ring ||	  Loved ring in the brown color and the size  It was a small danity size ring which is what I wanted. I love the light brown color of the ring. <end>
 B0002J7N2W  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Filligree Ring ||	  Loved ring in the brown color and the size  It was a small danity size ring which is what I wanted. I love the light brown color of the ring. <end>
 B0002J8YHA  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  My ring came in the mail today and I was thrilled. It came with a little bag and a small teddy bear. I have delicate and small hands so I do not mind the size of the ring...actually I think it is perfect. I've always hated wearing gaudy rings, feeling like they looked ridiculous and wrong on my finger. For a while, I wouldn't even wear rings because I thought they'd look wrong on my fingers just because of sheer size! This ring is perfect! I love the little heart shaped onyx. The small diamonds are beautiful. I feel that it is very feminine and just right for a woman like me. <end>  slightly disappointed  Yes, it was alright, but I thought it could have been a little bigger. I do not know much about black onyx so maybe the price was right. I could not find a womens black onyx ring in any stores where I am from so it may my search easier. Also, my wife loves heart shaped things so it should work out. I am gving it too her for Christmas. <end>
 B0002J8YQQ  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Magnificent  I love this ring! It is beautiful, pretty durable (thus far ;) ) and one of a kind. I am very happy that I chose this ring as my engagement ring. My fiance also chose a black ring with "cable wire" around the middle of the ring from Amazon ^-^ But, like all rings, if your hands are dry, it spins. I hate that! LOL! <end>
 B0002J8Z0G  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  My ring came in the mail today and I was thrilled. It came with a little bag and a small teddy bear. I have delicate and small hands so I do not mind the size of the ring...actually I think it is perfect. I've always hated wearing gaudy rings, feeling like they looked ridiculous and wrong on my finger. For a while, I wouldn't even wear rings because I thought they'd look wrong on my fingers just because of sheer size! This ring is perfect! I love the little heart shaped onyx. The small diamonds are beautiful. I feel that it is very feminine and just right for a woman like me.UPDATE    Two years later and it is still perfect! Nothing has fallen out. It still shines. I wear it every day. <end>  slightly disappointed  Yes, it was alright, but I thought it could have been a little bigger. I do not know much about black onyx so maybe the price was right. I could not find a womens black onyx ring in any stores where I am from so it may my search easier. Also, my wife loves heart shaped things so it should work out. I am gving it too her for Christmas. <end>
 B0002J8ZKG  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  My ring came in the mail today and I was thrilled. It came with a little bag and a small teddy bear. I have delicate and small hands so I do not mind the size of the ring...actually I think it is perfect. I've always hated wearing gaudy rings, feeling like they looked ridiculous and wrong on my finger. For a while, I wouldn't even wear rings because I thought they'd look wrong on my fingers just because of sheer size! This ring is perfect! I love the little heart shaped onyx. The small diamonds are beautiful. I feel that it is very feminine and just right for a woman like me.UPDATE    Two years later and it is still perfect! Nothing has fallen out. It still shines. I wear it every day. <end>  slightly disappointed  Yes, it was alright, but I thought it could have been a little bigger. I do not know much about black onyx so maybe the price was right. I could not find a womens black onyx ring in any stores where I am from so it may my search easier. Also, my wife loves heart shaped things so it should work out. I am gving it too her for Christmas. <end>
 B0002J8ZMY  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Magnificent  I love this ring! It is beautiful, pretty durable (thus far ;) ) and one of a kind. I am very happy that I chose this ring as my engagement ring. My fiance also chose a black ring with "cable wire" around the middle of the ring from Amazon ^-^ But, like all rings, if your hands are dry, it spins. I hate that! LOL! <end>
 B0002J9IUC  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  ONYZ  THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE, HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE!!! <end>
 B0002J9J1U  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  ONYZ  THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE, HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE!!! <end>
 B0002J9J3I  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  ONYZ  THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE, HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE!!! <end>
 B0002JJIEI  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  My granddaughter loves this ring. I would purchase from this supplier again. <end>
 B0002JJIGG  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  My granddaughter loves this ring. I would purchase from this supplier again. <end>
 B0002JJIIE  14K White Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  very impressive ring  very impressive ring. The packaging came with a bear which was unexpected abd very welcomed. <end>
 B0002K9L58  PalmBeach Jewelry Cultured Freshwater Biwa Pearl with White Topaz Accents Sterling Silver Ring ||	  More than picture shows  I purchased this ring as a present. Great communication with seller, fast service, but more importantly - it is Beautiful!! So much nicer than photo shows. The accents around the pearl just set off the color and finish. Looks as though it costs 5 times more than I paid. Outstanding ring that I love and will love giving away. I will definitely be back to purchase more from this company. <end>
 B0002K9L6W  PalmBeach Jewelry Cultured Freshwater Biwa Pearl with White Topaz Accents Sterling Silver Ring ||	  More than picture shows  I purchased this ring as a present. Great communication with seller, fast service, but more importantly - it is Beautiful!! So much nicer than photo shows. The accents around the pearl just set off the color and finish. Looks as though it costs 5 times more than I paid. Outstanding ring that I love and will love giving away. I will definitely be back to purchase more from this company. <end>
 B0002K9LEO  PalmBeach Jewelry Cultured Freshwater Biwa Pearl with White Topaz Accents Sterling Silver Ring ||	  More than picture shows  I purchased this ring as a present. Great communication with seller, fast service, but more importantly - it is Beautiful!! So much nicer than photo shows. The accents around the pearl just set off the color and finish. Looks as though it costs 5 times more than I paid. Outstanding ring that I love and will love giving away. I will definitely be back to purchase more from this company. <end>
 B0002KBPHU  Sterling Silver Double Vibrant Red Garnet Hook Earrings ||	  KittyMewmewNJ  These are stunning;) Cannot wait to wear them. Love the fact that the French hooks are longer. Makes them feel extra secure. Garnets are a lovely burgundy red;) <end>
 B0002KQQ6A  14k Two-Tone Round Diamond Semi-Bezel Solitaire Necklace (1/4ct, J, I3) ||	  Broke after 5 days  It's a beautiful necklace. It only has one problem. The popcorn chain is linked securely to the fixed U shaped station. I wore it every day and after the 5th day it just fell off from around my neck. There is too much pressure on those fixed connection points, and the chain just can't take it. Also, this is a completely enclosed bezel diamond, so there was really not much shine coming from it, since no light can get thru from underneath.So, if you are going to wear it here and there, it's a great choice. It's very beautiful, but if you intend to wear it every day, it's not going to work out for you.( I actually bought it when it was $225 bucks, I see the price dropped to $180. ) <end>  Subtle Beauty  This necklace was a big hit with my wife. She loves it. I was very impressed when I opened the box. Subtle beauty without breaking the bank. <end>  WOW!!!  All things considered, I ignored the review and decided to purchase this item and is indeed happy with it. For $69, I can put aside my prized solataire from my husband and wear this necklace as an everyday item. I am in agreement that the design does not allow for much light to the diamond, however, the overall design of the necklace makes up for this bit of flaw. It has the appearance of an estate piece. I layer it with my Tiffany "tag" necklace and my co-workers has complimented me more on this necklace. I will keep the other design issues reported by previous buyers in mind, but so far, I am content with my decision. <end>
 B0002KREJ8  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>
 B0002KREK2  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>
 B0002KRF7O  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002KRF88  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002KRFAG  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002KRFB0  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002KRNAS  6 mm Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>
 B0002KRNBM  6 mm Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>
 B0002KRNCG  6 mm Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>
 B0002KRNDA  6 mm Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>
 B0002KRPE2  4 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>
 B0002KRPKQ  6 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Good looking, doesn't stand up well over time  My husband really loved this ring. It's very simple but not your typical shiny, plain band. The problem is that the finish gets scratched really easily - it already had scratches by the end of our wedding weekend! You have to look closely to see them so only we know about them but it is disappointing. But we decided for what we spent it was worth it. Eventually we'll be able to spend more on something of higher quality. For now it looks good from the distance from which most people see it. <end>
 B0002KRQDC  7 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  ring  I am stationed in Germany and am surprised as to how quick this ring was shipped to me. It arrived in less than 2 wks. I was scared at frist that it would take about a month but surprisingly it didn't. The ring is even better than the picture. I am glad that I ordered this ring. <end>
 B0002KRQF0  7 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  ring  I am stationed in Germany and am surprised as to how quick this ring was shipped to me. It arrived in less than 2 wks. I was scared at frist that it would take about a month but surprisingly it didn't. The ring is even better than the picture. I am glad that I ordered this ring. <end>
 B0002KRVFA  3 mm Two Toned Yellow Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Gorgeous  The ring fits my hubby beautifully! It's a very subtle band but still very gorgeous and doesn't look "cheap." I love it, he loves it, and everyone is happy! <end>  Gorgeous  The ring fits my hubby beautifully! It's a very subtle band but still very gorgeous and doesn't look "cheap." I love it, he loves it, and everyone is happy! <end>
 B0002KS8TI  3 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold (Size - 4) ||	  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>
 B0002KS8TS  3 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold (Size - 4.5) ||	  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>
 B0002M0VPA  14K gold Round 3.75mm / 3.4ct tw eternity band ||	  I love this ring!  Here's my story  I came into some money, so I wanted to give myself a gift. I wanted a diamond eternity band. So, I did the due diligence not only on diamonds, but on diamond simulants as well. Long story short  diamonds are for the birds (cuckoos, or those nuts enough to spend good $$ on a trumped-up rock). My search lead me to TomL, and am I ever glad I chose this ring. It's just what the doctor ordered, and all my rich Republican friends will NEVER be able tell it's cubic zircoinia! Plus, I get to sink that extra dough I didn't spend into an index fund!!! =) It looks fabulous, its sparkly fire is truly spectacular, and it has the look of something ten, maybe 20 times it's price. Plus, TomL is very cool to work with, and very knowledgeable and professional. Thank you, TomL! I'll be back for more!!! <end>
 B0002MKGI2  Amazon.com  Pave Cat Ring by Baby Phat (Silver Tone / 7)  Clothing ||	  question  hey i was wondering if you would have this ring but in a gold tone? <end>
 B0002MR9RI  Signature Greek Key Hoop Earrings ||	  unique quality earrings  Closure clasp was not the best as they are difficult to snap closed, but the earrings themselves are very nice. <end>
 B0002MR9RS  Signature Sterling Silver Singapore Anklet ||	  Delicate  Delicate yet beautiful. Sturdy and wearable. Looks great and I get compliments all the time. Thinking of buying more for my daughters. <end>
 B0002OG2CE  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2EW  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2FG  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2PG  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OGTYU  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGU1M  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGU9Y  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGUCG  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGUDU  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OHBVU  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHBXI  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHBZQ  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OQUV2  14K white gold round 3mm / 0.2ct tw 4 prong stud earrings ||	  Stone  Great Setting  Good value for money  Stones are white & clear, setting finish a little rough in the joints but for a basket setting, it is still a bargain. Comes in a navy "velvet" finish box. Would recommend item  Great value and hard to find in 14K white gold finish. <end>
 B0002OQUVC  14K white gold round 4mm / 0.5ct tw 4 prong stud earrings ||	  Stone  Great Setting  Good value for money  Stones are white & clear, setting finish a little rough in the joints but for a basket setting, it is still a bargain. Comes in a navy "velvet" finish box. Would recommend item  Great value and hard to find in 14K white gold finish. <end>
 B0002PDUU0  Men's sterling silver braided bracelet, 'Silver Classic' ||	  Nice jewelry  It is very classy as is called. Shiny piece of bracelet thatcame to me with looks of beauty way too much than is on the photo here.Quality is exceptional and this thing stands out in design when it isbeing reviewed together with others.I'm a 7" wrister and it fits good, falls 2cm under my wristbone. Good!I love it sooo much, it hurts! <end>
 B0002PE8GK  Pyrite sculpture, 'Sparkling Egg' ||	  Pyrite egg  This is a beautiful piece of art for the egg collector or geologist. The egg arrived exactly as promised, on time and simply lovely. <end>
 B0002PEJB4  Gold and palm necklace, 'Garnet Cascade' ||	  LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS!  LOVE THIS NECKLACE AND WEAR IT OFTEN. GARNETS ARE MY BITHSTONE AND RED IS MY FAVORITE COLOR SO IT'S A WIN WIN. IT SEEMS THAT ALMOST EVERY TIME SOMEONE COMENTS ON HOW DIFFERENT AND BEAUTIFUL IT IS. GOOD CHOICE! <end>
 B0002PR1B4  Silver Forest Dolphin Earrings ||	  dolphin earrings  I was looking for dolphin earrings, I found them on one of your sites, the price was right, so I order 2 pairs,1 was a Christmas gift. They told me when they were shipped, how long it would take, and they arrived right on time. They were exactly like what the picture showed. I was extremely happy with the purchase, and would purchase from that company again. <end>  Dolphin earrings  A real Silver Forrest treasure....please keep these lovely earrings in stock for everyone. They are so artistic and not overwhelming to wear. <end>  dolphin earrings  I am very happy with the Sterling Forest earrings I received through Amazon. I've been getting a lot of compliments. I'll be a return customer. Carol <end>
 B0002PZCQ0  Unicorn Charm -C1142 ||	  Unicorn Charm  This was a birthday gift for my mother-in-law, who absolutely adores anything with unicorns.This charm added something special to the ever-growing unicorn collection that she has. Her face lit up when she opened it up.Thank you for bringing a smile to one of the greatest people on earth! <end>
 B0002RQN7U  Masini Vanita' - Blue Murano Glass Stone Ring USA 8.75 | UK Q | IT 18 ||	  Awesome quality and design  I am very satisfied with the ring, it looks exactly as on picture and even better. It was beautifully gift wrapped in a box.I would definitely recommend any products by Masini to anyone.Thank you very much. <end>
 B0002SCW74  Passion Pink Rose Bouquet Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Not very durable  I was browsing for jewelry for my wife for Valentine's day and stumbled across this item (again). You see I bought this for my wife last Valentine's day and she wore it for about 2 weeks rotating with another ring I got here from Body Candy as well. At the end of the second week we noticed that some of the interior petals had fallen off two of the three roses and by the end of the first month, one of the roses had broken off and been lost. She was a student at the time and hardly led an active lifestyle so we're not sure why it wore out so fast.As a side note, the second piece lasted much longer; about 7 months of continual use, before breaking as well. Not bad for the price I suppose, I never expected them to be heirlooms. <end>
 B0002SPH6C  Outrageous Orange Plum Hypnotic Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Love it!  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted (which is pretty hard to find now a days) very nice color. <end>
 B0002SPHG2  Red Glow In The Dark Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  loved it  just what I was looking for . perfect fitnot so much on red side but it works. thanks body candyhighly rec... <end>  Love it!  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted (which is pretty hard to find now a days) it's a see through color. <end>  Doesn't glow...  It hasn't broke or anything yet, but it doesn't glow I held it up to a light for forever and then shut the lights off and it doesn't glow. <end>
 B0002T2HWS  Red Glow-N-Dark Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  doesn't glow in the dark  this belly ring is supposed to glow in the dark but doesn't.I held it upto a light source (about 1 inch from the bulb itself) for about 10 minutes and then went to the dark room and even used my hands to make sure it is in complete darkness and still no glow.UPDATE  i ordered another glow-in-the-dark belly ring, held both in the sunlight and went in my closet. The other one was already glowing before I was even in complete darkness and this red twister didn't glow at all. This proves it wasn't just me or the light source and the red twister just isn't the glow in the dark type. <end>
 B0002T2HXW  Electric Blue Glitter Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  very pretty  it's really pretty, i've never tried a spiral belly ring before this one so i'm not an expert at all on them but i think it fits pretty well seems a little loose but that could just be me. the only thing i didn't like was in the pic it's a very very bright blue, but really it's more of a darker blue and it didn't have nearly as much sparkles as the one in the pic did, but lol you couldn't take this from me i really like it. its still kinda new feeling because i've never had one before but i wouldn't give this one back =D <end>  Painful, but stylish  This is a good navel ring. It's almost like the hoop, but's spiral, as we all know. The only thing about this one is you can sleep on this one, it's extremly sensitive, this ring.But like I said before, being ain't easy! <end>
 B0002TA1V2  Large Sterling Silver 2.5" (65mm) Endless Hoop Hoops Earrings ||	   ( not happy! one word "cheap"  I didn't like these hoop earrings they look cheap & very thin plus they are turning brown  ( don't buy! <end>  Loved them  I love silver and hoops so the combo is deadly. In store I would have paid a ton for them. Unfortunately I lost mine at a picnic while sick so they are gone but I want another pair. <end>  My girl loves these ear rings!  My girl friend loves these ear rings, the way they fit, how light they are and the Sterling Silver Hoop style!!! <end>  A Must Have!!!  These earrings are great. I can wear them with my work attire or with jeans and a t-shirt. They are not too thick and not too thin. They are a nice sized hoop but a little smaller then I thought they'd be. I wanted something a little bigger, but that's just me ( I'm a big hoop junkie,the bigger the better) They are a wonderful pair of earrings none the less and a must have for any woman who is looking for a nice sized hoop. <end>  Large sterling silver hoop earrings  These are nice earrings. They are the perfect size for me as I love big hoop earrings. They have a secure fit so I won't worry they will fall out and get lost. My only concern, they seem a bit delicate as they seem like they can easily bend. So I will be careful when putting on. I gave 5 stars as the shipping speed was very fast and they arrived before their delivery date great customer service. <end>  Awesome Earrings!  These earrings are gorgeous and secure with a nice, snug fit. Securely shipped in a small black gift bag, they are very reasonably priced and and arrive in no time. This item is also included in Amazon's free super-saver shipping, which was a great bonus! But even with the 'combined' free shipping offer, they were still shipped out within a day or two, and in fact, arrived before anything else. I'll be back for more!Large Sterling Silver 2.5" Endless Hoop Hoops Earrings <end>  Did not look like the picture!  these are pretty cheaply made. I wouldn't recommend them. I was hoping for a good quality, full 2.5&#34; hoop but they do not look like the picture at all. <end>  Great Hoops!  I love the hoops that I received from Silver Insanity. They are very functional and look great w/everything I pair them with. I have been a large hoop lover since my teens. This pair hasn't let me down. ) I'm enjoying them very much. <end>
 B0002TG9IQ  1/2 Carat Emerald Cross Earrings in 14K Yellow Gold ||	  Gorgeous!  Gorgeous earrings, it took me a long time to find emerald cross studs and the price was great! They came in a beautiful box in just a few days. They're great for a night out but probably not for wearing all day long for they're quite heavy. I highly recommend coolstyles.com! <end>
 B0002TGAGM  Diamond (.10 ctw) Jewish Chai Pendant in 14K Yellow Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Service is Slow!  Took longer than projected by vendor to ship it. I had to send an email inquiry to get them moving. <end>
 B0002TGAJY  Ruby & Diamond Pearl Pendant in 14K Yellow Gold With 16 inch Chain ||	  looks as good as the picture  The pendant is what attracted me to buy this product and i did. It looks as good if not better than the image but i felt the chain could have been stronger since the actual pendant is more heavier than the chain! So i now have the pendant hanging from another sturdy gold chain that i had and it looks very cute and nice. <end>
 B0002TGVZC  Pugster Live Love Laugh Laser Italian Charm ||	  TOO TINY  This pc is 1/8th the screen shot, you need a maginifying glass to read it, if I had had a return slip in the pgk I would have returned it !1 star is 1 too many but they do not allow for -stars. <end>  Great charm  This is a really nice cute charm, you should know it does not come with a loop or anything to attach to a charm braclet. You can get these put on and sodered by a jewler locally. It says it is an Italian charm, but I am not convinced that is the truth. The item is pretty small, but very nice looking. <end>
 B0002TGXKK  Pugster Chimpanzee Spring Italian Charms ||	  Hard to find - perfect  This was perfect! I had the square charms for my three older sons and was looking all over for a charm to match for my fourth son. I had the hardest time finding an exact match, but this was perfect. Thanks! <end>
 B0002THTBW  Amazon.com  Bull \ Bear Cufflinks Gold 000  Clothing ||	  They look more gold then silver...but they're nice!  My fiance is a trader so I had been looking for some bull and bear cufflinks for him. These are the nicest I've found - especially for the price. The weird thing is that they're sterling silver but actually look a bit gold...bizarre I know. But overall, they are pretty nice and classy! <end>  Nice Looking, Low Quality  They look cool and are a fun design. However, the bonding on the back of one of them came off without much stress being put on it rendering it useless Even for $30, they seem like low quality. The site lists only a 90-day warranty against defects. If you are looking for some cufflinks you can wear more than say 5-10 times, I would look elsewhere. I think I only got about 5 days use out of them. Even at $30, that's $6 for each wear. <end>  Very nice  The detail was beautiful. I have been looking for a pair of these cufflinks for some time now. The price was great too. <end>  Great quality and design for the money  I searched around for similar styles and was excited to find these. I'm giving them as a gift and can't wait to see the reaction. A very reasonable price. <end>  Bull and Bear reflect Current Market ups & downs  Bought the cuff links as a gift for a market maven. The links were as depicted, they were appropriately priced, and they arrived in short order. What else needs be said? Thanks. <end>
 B0002TPPLI  Green Long Stem Rose Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  So far so good!  Yay, This belly button piece hasnt broke like the other 4 I bought! Very pretty, even got a compliment out of the old fart on this one <end>
 B0002TPPUY  Top Dangle Crystalline Gem Circle of Life Belly Ring ||	  not owrht the money  this product has since broken. i wore it twice before the circle broke off. <end>
 B0002TVTY0  Nested Pearl Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring  This ring turned out to be even more beautiful than described and in the picture. I have been very satisfied with it and love it very much. It is simple yet elegant. Very good quality. My husband purchased this as a Christmas present for me and I would recommend others do the same. <end>
 B0002TVTZE  Arch Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Ring ||	  DO NOT HONORED THE PRICE AT AMAZON WEB  AT AMERICAN PEARL WEBSITE THEY HAD AN EXPENSIVE PRICE FOR THIS RING, TRY TO BUY IT BUT THROUGH AMAZON BUT WHEN SEND A QUESTION THEY CHANGE THE PRICE ON AMAZON WEB AND THEN NEVER ANSWER MY EMAILS. I'NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER AT ALL!!!! <end>
 B0002TVYVS  Right hand ring ||	  Happy Customer  I've had this ring for well over a year now and I still get compliments at least once a week. It is a beatiful ring that you will not see anyone else with. <end>
 B0002TVYX6  Right hand ring ||	  Happy Customer  I've had this ring for well over a year now and I still get compliments at least once a week. It is a beatiful ring that you will not see anyone else with. <end>  Happy Customer  I've had this ring for well over a year now and I still get compliments at least once a week. It is a beatiful ring that you will not see anyone else with. <end>  Happy Customer  I've had this ring for well over a year now and I still get compliments at least once a week. It is a beatiful ring that you will not see anyone else with. <end>
 B0002TXFX8  Size 6 18K white gold Princess Black Tahitian south sea cultured pearl and diamond ring ||	  Great ring, not as advertised  The ring arrived in a very nice American Pearl box with polishing cloth, velvet bag, and guarantee policy. Presentation was very good.The good  The setting is well done. The diamonds have good fire and are 'white' enough to compliment the white gold. They are also color-matched well to each other. They are not exactly the same size on close inspection, but are too small to really notice from more than a few inches away.The bad  The pearl is not black at all like most south sea pearls and has no green overtone. It is medium grey and looks nothing like the pearl pictured on Amazon or American Pearl's website. This is also NOT an 18K ring, it is clearly stamped "14K" inside the band. If the pearl color was not enough to make you return it, the lesser quantity of gold than advertised should be.Conclusion  Overall it is a very pretty ring even though the pearl doesn't look anything like the pearl you are expecting to receive, nor like 90% of south sea pearls. The setting is really nice. It is not 18 karat gold making this ring about $80-100 less valuable.I contacted American Pearl two weeks ago per the instructions that came in the box, and I have yet to receive a response. To be fair, I will update my review based on their response if one is received. <end>
 B0002UNLZY  Sterling Silver Round Celtic Sun Knot Cross Pendant ||	  excellent service  This is not the first time I have ordered from this company. Each time I do it is always excellent. The products are always exactly as pictured they come on time there is never any problems. This was no exception, it is a good size necklace which is what I like, the details are as pictured it's not to heavy, and it comes to a good spot on my neck. <end>
 B0002UPHYM  Playboy Bunny Red FOIL Star RABBIT Belly Button Ring ||	  Painful  The actual quality of this belly ring is fine. But as soon as I put it on, it caused immediate irritation and bleeding the next day. The bar is way too short so that the bottom pinches. I am a small person and my piercing does not have a lot of skin that would pinch...I'm not sure if the quality of the bar material is what irritated me or a combination of the short bar.The item is really cute, but I can never wear it. <end>
 B0002UPK8A  8mm A Quality Japanese Akoya cultured pearl earring studs set in 14K white gold ||	  Excellent quality, great presentation  American Pearl does everything right - fast shipping, beautiful presentation box, warranty certificate, extra protective sleeve and of course great looking earrings that my wife loves - and that's all that matters. Highly recommended. <end>
 B0002UU5V2  Black Dangle Freshwater cultured pearl earrings ||	  Black Pearl Earrings  The earrings were a Christmas present for my 21 year old daughter who is in the USAirforce and thankfully home for the holidays. They were a great gift which she loves. Not only are they fantastic they were packaged beautifully. Even though I ordered them very close to Christams they arrived in time. <end>  I wish all of my orders went this well!!  This is the first time I ever recieved a next day order, the next day!!!Great Job! <end>
 B0002V228U  Amethyst and Diamond Ring ||	  Beautiful  It's a very beautiful ring, and the amethyst stone has a very lovely purple color. The rind doesn't catch on fabric which pleased me very much. <end>
 B0002V229Y  Amethyst and Diamond Ring ||	  Beautiful  It's a very beautiful ring, and the amethyst stone has a very lovely purple color. The rind doesn't catch on fabric which pleased me very much. <end>
 B0002V28ZW  1.03ct. Round Imperial Topaz Gemstone Solitaire Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  Beautiful ring with lots of sparkle and presence. Deep color, rich color. Seller was prompt and item was well packaged. <end>
 B0002V290G  1.03ct. Round Imperial Topaz Gemstone Solitaire Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  Beautiful ring with lots of sparkle and presence. Deep color, rich color. Seller was prompt and item was well packaged. <end>  Beautiful ring  Beautiful ring with lots of sparkle and presence. Deep color, rich color. Seller was prompt and item was well packaged. <end>  Beautiful ring  Beautiful ring with lots of sparkle and presence. Deep color, rich color. Seller was prompt and item was well packaged. <end>
 B0002V2YP6  9 x 9.5mm natural color dove silver baroque Tahitian south sea cultured pearl necklace 17" ||	  Are the Pearls Grade B or Grade A? Clarify!  I gave 3 stars because I do not know what grade of pearls these are.The description starts by saying the pearls are Grade B. But it ends by saying they are Grade A. The seller, American Pearl, needs to clarify - in every case where these pearls are offered for sale on Amazon.com - what the actual Grade is.Thanks. <end>
 B0002V33LA  MLB New York Yankees Logo Earrings - M1136 ||	  very nice  I bought these earrings as a gift. The earrings are small in size but big in class. They look very classy, not cheesy as one might expect of any kind of logo jewelry. They're the type of earrings that a professional woman could wear to work on an important game day! <end>
 B0002V3R0W  Trillion Cut Sapphire and Diamond Ring 14K White Gold ||	  Exactly as pictured  My fiancee wanted a sapphire ring rather than a diamond and specifically wanted a trillion cut, dark sapphire. This ring was exactly what she wanted and matched the picture perfectly. She was thrilled with it. The only caveat I can see is that it can take a few days before items are shipped, even when expedited shipping is selected. <end>
 B0002V46FW  6mm AAA Quality Japanese Akoya cultured pearl earring studs set in 14K white gold ||	  Second Pair Received Was Good  The first paid of earrings I received were quite visibly blemished. The American Pearl website says "American Pearl does not deal with blemished, marked pearls. Blemished pearls whose surfaces show imperfections or spots are worth half the value of perfectly clean pearls." I find it unacceptable that they did not bother to inspect the pearls they sent to make sure they matched this standard.I had to pay to send the earrings back, and they returned to me a pair of good quality earrings. The customer service was good. But overall, it left me frustrated. <end>
 B0002V4WRO  Sterling Silver Italian Horn Charm ||	  Good Luck  This cornicello was a gift for my husband to block the "evil eye" when he plays poker. He likes wearing it. It's a fun piece, arrives as described online. <end>  junk!  This persons work sucks. There is black paint on the charm, and after a week it started chipping off. And this whole month everything seems to go wrong. This is no luck charm, maybe an unlucky charm. <end>
 B0002V509S  Oval Garnet Open Ring (size  8) ||	  BEAUTIFUL OVAL GARNET RING  Received the Oval Garnet Ring, set in silver this date. Ordered two days ago. Birthstone ring is lovely and a perfect 14th birthday gift for my grandaughter. Price for the quality of the ring I feel a very good value. Carol Robertson <end>
 B0002VRRUS  Sterling Silver Medieval Celtic Knot Cross Pendant ||	  Nice Pendant  It's a bit bigger than i expected but it looks good and has a nice shape <end>
 B0002VRT3I  Large and Light Medieval Sterling Silver Cross Pendant ||	  My favorite cross!  This cross is so nice. I wear it with almost everything. Casual or dress-up, it always looks great. I get many compliments. <end>  A Nice Buy  The Cross is nice and large as picture shows, came very fast 3days I think, packaged nicely ,I would like to note that although amazon links this pendant with a chain, not to buy the chain, the chain is only 1mm, very thin, this pendants bail is 5.7mm , and afterwards we purchased a 5.7mm figaro to go with this pendant ,I would choose either the figaro which my son prefered over the snake,but I think it would be fine either way, but back to the pendant. Good Quaility. <end>  attractive, and hice. Would be nice if could change cord.  This is a fine cross, attractive and nice. Although, it would be nice if one could change the black "cord" for a chain. This is a minor issue and provides excellent value for money, and as a testament to one's faith, worth it. <end>
 B0002W6AEG  2 Tone Diamond Cut 10K GOLD Toe Ring Filigree Toering ||	  Toe ring  Love the toe ring. Very beautiful..just as discribed. I will order again soon!! Thank you so much!! <end>  Toe Ring  The 2 tone diamond cut 10KT toe ring is beautiful and it was just as I expected. I am a very proud customer and I plan to order additional items in the near future. <end>
 B0002W6DUC  10k Two tone Gold Toering 10 KT Diamond cut Toe Ring ||	  Outstanding!  I received this toe ring last week from Gem Avenue, and it's great looking, and really comfortable to wear. I haven't taken it off. <end>
 B0002X4P3S  Sterling Silver 20" Inch Byzantine 3mm Chain Necklace ||	  Great quality necklace  I have been wearing it for more than a month now and I never take it off. I I run and ride the bike almost every day, however the sweat has not tainted the bright and color of this necklace. On top of that, it looks really good, my friends won't stop telling me how much they like it. <end>
 B0002X4P6U  Silver-Tone Egyptian Caduceus Medical Doctor Charm Pendant Necklace ||	  Very Good  I was very happy with the speedy delivery and good quality of the product! It is gonna be for my cousin on Christmas and it was exactly what I was looking to get him. Thank you for selling that particular item! <end>
 B0002XM0M6  14 KT Yellow Gold 3mm Round Clear Cubic Zirconia 14k Stud Post Earrings ||	  Posts were short  I bought these because I needed earrings that wouldn't infect my ear and so far they are working very well. They are small studs but I think they look good. The only thing that bothers me about them is that since the post is so short, the backing keeps falling off and I lose it. Then, I can't seem to find backings that fit it. Other than that I was satisfied. <end>  Small but pretty  I wear these earrings all the time...day, night, showering, exercising, whatever. They're very small and I don't even notice that I'm wearing them. The posts are 14kt gold, so they don't irritate the ear. The simulated diamonds are nice and sparkly. These are about as small as I'd want to go, but, being small, they can be worn anywhere. Recommended for anyone who wants a pretty dainty earring. <end>  Beautiful but fragile.  I think it's a very beautiful product, but after a month use it got broken and can't be fixed. Well, for that price we can't expect an excellent quality product... <end>  Lovely Earrings  These are great everyday style earrings. The stones are absolutely tiny, but they suit an everyday, jeans casual purpose. I've only had them for roughly a week, but they've held up very nicely so far. The posts are a little short too me, but they're not so bad. They do fit through my ears with just enough length.The only reservations that I have about them relate to the backs. They've got a clear, rubbery-plastic cap that contains the gold metal back. They seem to come off far more easily then plain metal backs without the plastic. However, this could be my imagination. All in all, great earrings. <end>  perfect I def recommend them  I bought these because I needed an inexpesive pair of earring that wouldnt infect my ears these are perfect I def recommend them <end>  Beautiful and delicate  The earrings are very beautiful and delicate and I like to wear them as far as they seem to look like the real diamonds! <end>
 B0002XM0MQ  14 KT Yellow Gold 3 MM Princess Clear Cubic Zirconia 14K Stud Post Earrings ||	  Cute earring  This earring set is nice for the price. It has a very clear simulated diamond that looks good when you wear it. Very lightweight, and sits close to the ear. Good for children or adults with small ears or multiple piercings. It can get caught on clothing fairly easily, so be careful or you might lose one. <end>  Looks real!  Veru happy with these earrings. Get great compliments, everyone thinks they are real diamonds. You can't tell the difference. <end>
 B0002XP1OK  Mens Heavy Solid Copper Celtic Knot 8" Cuff Bracelet ||	  stunning heavy Celtic bracelet  Silver Insanity just time after time proves they deliver quality and at unbelievable prices. This is a larger bangle, heavy, yet delicate. Instead of the solid bangle this is "henged" in five sections so it moves with you and is so comfortable. It doesn't get in to the way when you are typing at the computer. It has a snug push catch latch, then a double safety catch on the side.The design is perfect Celtic weave knot design. Very flattering on the wrist.The picture just not begin to do this item justice. <end>  Celtic knot *" Bracelet  Nice bracelet, but the previous two reviews are not of this item. This is a solid cuff bracelet. <end>  okay bracelet at 1/4 the price  This is the fifth copper bracelet I have bought from amazon. I am always trying to combine copper jewelry with magnets-to rid my body of ionized pathogens-and norse or celtic symbols-to show my pride in my heritage. The other four bracelets I bought-see my reviews-were bigger and had four to six magnets each, and I paid 1/4 what I paid for this. I think this seller has a moral obligation to refund everyone they ripped off with this bracelet there money(I know, it's a business welcome to America  The only 3rd world s*** whole with a populace so brainwashed they think their lucky to live there). This description never seems to get updated but they have switched the product twice-this is the third bracelet sold under this description. The band is thin and cheaply made while the bracelet is six inches long-the length has never been in the description as of this review. So unless your fat or an interior linemen this bracelet won't fit even before it breaks-which it will. To top it of the Celtic knot/Celtic cross pattern is stamped on and was not done right on the bracelet I received. Even without the botched pattern this bracelet is nothing like the picture, the product description and is definitely nothing like the other to bracelets I saw reviews for under this item. With expedited shipping I paid $49 bucks for this trash. I am pissed and even if you disagree with every other review I have written for Amazon, you will feel the same way if you throw your money on this. Don't bother to tell me I'm an idiot for paying this price for a copper bracelet from amazon when one customer review before mine had already explained that this seller was a practitioner of the bait and switch. I only ask that you learn from my mistake. <end>  Very satisfied!  I ordered this for my husband and he loved it. I was concerned the design would be too feminine but it was not. It arrived quickly and was packaged well. <end>  good quality silver bracelet  The details on this bracelet are very good. When i first got it I thought it was a bit small but my boyfriend says it fits just fine. Although I wouldnt reccomend this bracelet for any guy with a big wrist as I dont think it will fit and im not sure if you can put an extension on it. Also, one thing that it does not tell you in the description is that on the underside of where the bracelet latches there is a cutout of a heart. I thought that was especially neat. <end>
 B0002XPAKK  14k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (1/4 ct, J, I2) ||	  dont buy this!!!!  they have the different picture of merchandise. the actual one that they sent me wasnt the one they showed in the picture. it's a fraud..althought the diamond looks okay...the chain completely look like cheap silver far frm 14kt white gold they described in the details. <end>
 B0002XPAM8  14k Yellow Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (1/3 ct, J, I2) ||	  need scale in the ad photo  The product is nice, and service was good. But, the absence of a size scale in the photo such as a penny or a ruler made choosing the proper pendant a guess. <end>
 B0002XV0J0  KABBALAH by Gershom Scholem ||	  Beginners Guide  I would highly recommend this book to anyone interested in Jewish mysticism. Scholem, is one of the most quoted scholars within the mysticism circle. His works, coupled with the works of Isiah Tishby and Daniel C Matt's continuing work on the actual Zohar, are priceless. A dear friend of mine had my copy with him when it was stolen, and I in turn scrambled to get another copy. DO NOT pass up the opportunity to read this. It gives one of the most comprehensive overviews of the massive, yet nearly forgotten movement known, simply as, "Kabbalah." Again, I cannot hammer home how important this book, or more importantly, Scholem's work on the revival of the ancient and beautiful 'faith' that is Kabalah, was and continues to be.One word of warning, to any and all that begin the path of a religious/mysticism/occult student. Once you begin, you can never stop, the thirst for knowledge is a sensual but dangerous quest that never truly ends. <end>
 B0002XYRC2  925 Sterling Silver Dolphin Oxidized Toe Ring ||	  Great toe ring  This toe ring is beautiful. It doesn't hurt that I like dolphins. It is a great compliment to a "Dolphin Spinner Ring" that I purchased. A great addition to any toe! <end>
 B0002XYRDG  925 Sterling Silver PURPLE Hand Painted DOLPHIN Toe Ring ||	  cute  This is a cute purple toe ring. I love how bright the purple is. Just be careful because sometimes it can poke you. Besides that, its great <end>
 B0002XYRF4  925 Sterling Silver BLACK Hand Painted GLITTER STARRY NIGHT Toe Ring ||	  Very Dissappointed!  Well believe it or not i just recieved this so called beautiful toe ring, but as soon as i put it on, chips of the paint was coming off, please people save your money on this. well i just went ahead and threw the darn thing away, i was soooo mad. <end>  So comfy!  This toe ring is so nice! It isn't bulky like alot of others, I have others that pinch or are so thick that they hurt my other toes. Thin but well built. It is not flimsy at all. I love it! I can even sleep in it. However it is a $3.99 piece of jewlery and I did get a little green toe after showering in it for a week or so, but one day in the pool wouldnt hurt Im sure! Hope you enjoy it as much as me!PS ignore the bret part of the name, my bf bought this for me! <end>
 B0002XYRFO  925 Sterling Silver Teal Hand Painted Flame Design Toe Ring ||	  Cool  This ring is really cool, but a little while after I got it, the inside flame thing popped out. It was alright and I just glued it back in, but the ring is kind of cheap. Not high quality,but alright. <end>
 B0002YBQZW  Akuamarina Swirling Drop Murano Glass Necklace black-white ||	  great gift  I gave this necklace to my sister as a gift. She LOVED it. It was packaged beautifully and looked very expensive dispite being priced extremely reasonably. The black and white contrast is rich and sharp. <end>
 B0002YDURE  GOOD FORTUNE Solomon Talisman Luck Pendant Necklace ||	  The standard  I've been a practicing ceremonial magician as well as trained by a traditional Celtic coven and practicing Wiccan, besides a long career of being a professional psychic and astrologer. I can say that the makers of these talismans are absolutely of great quality and whenever I have used them I've had amazing results. However you have to be a practitioner and know magick in order to charge them and get them to work. So you must activate them and if you are not an initiate perhaps you would not understand what is necessary to make them useful. I have bought many talismans from this company. They are absolutely the gold standard in this area. Anyone who thinks otherwise doesn't know how to utilize the product but for those who are trained in the occult arts one will find this company's products extremely useful. <end>  not that good  I thought the amulet would be of better quality, if you are into magick, instead of paraphernalia, this is not for you <end>
 B0002YDUSI  Egyptian Princess Blue Lapis Lazuli and Dark Sapphire Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Long and sexy  These earrings are long and sexy, yet delicate. The stones are small but appear to be of good quality. <end>  Smaller than I thought  Other reviewers said these were long and graceful. Not so with the pair I received. I still LIKE them - they are sturdy and I love the blue color with the gold flecks - they were just much smaller than I had anticipated. <end>  Perfect !  These are well made and matched. I needed a small earring for a small person who has really small ear lobes. Most other designs were sort of ho-hum. But these look a lot more expensive than they were. The color is deep blue with goldish flecks (fools gold) in them and a slight white line running through one of them. But that just makes them look genuine and I don't count that as a flaw. These will make a great gift and I highly recommend. These you will not see out there everywhere ! <end>  Very good  This earnings are great, perfect blue "Lapis Lazuli" color,perfect length, perfect weight.Sexy choice for every modern girl like myself who loves gemstone jewelry . <end>  lovely, unique earrings  I ordered these earrings for my daughter-in-law for Christmas. She loved them! They are very unique and lovely. <end>  stocking stuffer  These were a perfect stocking stuffer. They are beautiful on and a really nice comfortable size. They hang nicely and look elegant. <end>  Blue Lapis Lazuli earrings  Were bought for a gift. My sister loved them! Thought they might be a bit larger but still beautiful & true to the picture. <end>  Very nice!  I'm a lapis lazuli lover and these earrings are gorgeous. They have a nice weight to them. Only warning is that the ear wire moves too easily and I'm afraid the wire will break as time goes by. <end>  Lovely  Very pretty earrings. The blue color is exactly what I had expected and after reading other reviews I was not expecting them to be HUGE earrings so I was happy with their size, about an inch from the top of the earring (not the wire)to the bottom of the lapis. They are just right for everyday wear or somewhere special. <end>  Princess Blue Lapis and Sapphire Earrings  The Egyptian Princess Blue Lapis Lazuli and Dark Sapphire Sterling Silver Earrings are absolutely breathtaking. I have received compliments from people I know and complete strangers everytime I have them on. Your price was fantastic and the workmanship is nothing short of exceptional. Thanks once again Bling Jewelry. <end>  Pretty Lapis Earrings  Very pretty Lapis Lazuli earrings! They were a little bigger than I had expected! I have a lapis Lazuli pendant that has more gold specks in it than the lapis on the earrings but they are still very pretty! I like the silver and small sapphire detail. They arrived quickly also, only three days after ordering! <end>
 B0002Z2QYQ  Crystalline Swank Chandelier Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Cute, but a little tacky  The crystals are flimsier than they look in the image. It looks plasticky. <end>
 B0002Z43WO  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 6 ||	  Eve & Steve from PA.  I ordered this ring to replace my old one. This ring came quick and is beautiful. My husband saw the ring & wanted one for himself, so I ordered him one too. This ring is very comfortable to wear & it really sparkles! Also, it is really worth the money. <end>  Just OK  I wanted two weeks before I received the ring. The Ring is rather pretty. But the waiting is too long a time. Hope it could be faster next time! <end>
 B0002Z43WY  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 7 ||	  Eve & Steve from PA.  I ordered this ring to replace my old one. This ring came quick and is beautiful. My husband saw the ring & wanted one for himself, so I ordered him one too. This ring is very comfortable to wear & it really sparkles! Also, it is really worth the money. <end>  Just OK  I wanted two weeks before I received the ring. The Ring is rather pretty. But the waiting is too long a time. Hope it could be faster next time! <end>
 B0002Z440U  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 12 ||	  Beware  I will never order anything from this company again. I found out several days after I ordered this item, that it was unavailable. I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon. What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon. Nothing was correct on my account. And worst of all, nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable! I worry about some one else making the same mistake. Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring (same size too) as what I was told was out of stock! <end>  Bad Experience with Gem Avenue.  I wish, I could have read the Karen's review before I placed my order. I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?!I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star. <end>
 B0002Z4414  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 13 ||	  Beware  I will never order anything from this company again. I found out several days after I ordered this item, that it was unavailable. I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon. What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon. Nothing was correct on my account. And worst of all, nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable! I worry about some one else making the same mistake. Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring (same size too) as what I was told was out of stock! <end>  Bad Experience with Gem Avenue.  I wish, I could have read the Karen's review before I placed my order. I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?!I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star. <end>
 B0002Z446E  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 6 ||	  Beware  I will never order anything from this company again. I found out several days after I ordered this item, that it was unavailable. I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon. What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon. Nothing was correct on my account. And worst of all, nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable! I worry about some one else making the same mistake. Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring (same size too) as what I was told was out of stock! <end>  Bad Experience with Gem Avenue.  I wish, I could have read the Karen's review before I placed my order. I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?!I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star. <end>
 B0002Z446O  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 7 ||	  Beware  I will never order anything from this company again. I found out several days after I ordered this item, that it was unavailable. I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon. What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon. Nothing was correct on my account. And worst of all, nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable! I worry about some one else making the same mistake. Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring (same size too) as what I was told was out of stock! <end>  Bad Experience with Gem Avenue.  I wish, I could have read the Karen's review before I placed my order. I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?!I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star. <end>
 B0002Z446Y  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 8 ||	  Beware  I will never order anything from this company again. I found out several days after I ordered this item, that it was unavailable. I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon. What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon. Nothing was correct on my account. And worst of all, nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable! I worry about some one else making the same mistake. Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring (same size too) as what I was told was out of stock! <end>  Bad Experience with Gem Avenue.  I wish, I could have read the Karen's review before I placed my order. I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?!I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star. <end>
 B0002Z7M2C  Lughnasagh Sterling Silver Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for July 25 - August 16 ||	  great gift  this is a great pendant. the chain was to small for me so i used a chain i had and it looks great it wear everyday and people always ask what meaning it has to me. i also wear it with a Celtic cross. 5 stars in my book. <end>  happily received  as expected or better quality, fun item as keepsake for celtic heritage and horoscope interest <end>
 B0002Z7M40  Large Filigree Teardrop Hook Earrings in Two Tone Sterling Silver ||	  very pretty  These are very delicate looking but deceptively larger than I first thought. They are a good half inch wide or more and hang long. They are very pretty and the gold stands out nicely against the silver. I bought them for a friend and she wears them often. <end>  very nice indeed  Shipment was very prompt 5 days to get to me in Australia they look exactly like the picture except that they are actualy larger than I was expecting and are a nice weight on your ear the extra long hook means that they are quite secure in your ear they also look a lot more expensive than they cost. <end>
 B0002Z7M8G  Sterling Silver Open Cut-Out Filigree Celtic Cross Pendant ||	  Nicest cross I own  This is a very classy and understated cross and the nicest one I own. I wear it often and confidently as it is not too showy. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  This is a very unique pendant, much larger that it appears in the photo. Everytime I wear it I get complements. Another great purchase from a great seller! <end>  Beautiful, simple cross--love it!  Am putting this cross on a snake chain also from Silver Insanity--their products/prices are hard to beat! <end>  My favorite cross  I love this cross. It's beautiful. It has a medieval look to it without it looking manly. I always get compliments when I wear it. I usually wear it with a black leather necklace. It's good quality too. A good weight to it without it being too heavy. If something happened to mine, I would definitely replace it. I think it would be a great tattoo design also  ) <end>
 B0002Z7M9U  Ornate Sterling Silver Adjustable Spoon Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11) ||	  Beautiful spoon ring  Love this traditional looking spoon ring. you can wear it for casual to dresser style outfits. It blends to make that prefect look. I wear it at work, going out on weekends, etc. I would recommend it. It's true to size. <end>  Nice ring...but...  Nice...but once you have adjusted I would HIGHLY recommend to bring it to a jeweler and have it soldered. Makes a structurally stronger ring. <end>
 B0002Z7MAY  October Sterling Silver Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for October 2 - October 24 ||	  Nice pendant, however.....  As the picture shows, you should definitely wear this on a chain. I attempted to put this on a black silk cord, and the opening on the pendant was not big enough for the cord's clasps to go through.The product itself was ok as far as workmanship goes, although it did appear a slightly cheap looking; even with that being said, if I had a silver chain, I would still wear it. <end>
 B0002Z7MC2  Nordic Heavy Large Viking God Thor's Hammer Silver-Tone Pendant Necklace ||	  WISE Purchase. =)  I can't tell you the amount of times I've received compliments while wearing this necklace in the last year. I'm absolutely in love with Silver Insanity's products, but this is (by far) my favourite item yet.It's a sturdy necklace. Thick, not thin as many items on the internet turn out to be. It shines impressively and the stones really brighten up even the dullest of tank tops.A great buy if you know someone interested in Celtic/Nordic mythology or history. <end>  very nice  This is very nice well made ive gotten many comments from friends and family about it will be sure to take good care of this <end>  5 Stars!  I have just received this item and I am thrilled with it!The shipping took only 2 weeks to get to me in Australia! And the other reviews I read that said the photo does not do it justice were not kidding, it is a lovely piece of jewelry, my friend saw me with it on and straight away commented on how lovely it looks.For anyone considering to buy this, all I can tell you is that I do not regret my decision to purchase this item in the slightest! <end>  INCREDIBLE!!!!!  what an outstanding pendant ! looks even better than what the pic shows. a terrific buy ! <end>  A distinctive and wonderful product  This is now one of my most prized posessions, I wear it whenever I go out for an event and most everyone recognizes Thor's Hammer, it has brought me great good luck so far since I purchased it, increase in wealth and health. <end>  Lovely, but not what I expected  The necklace was nothing like what the glowing reviews made it out to be. It wasn't near as thick as I was hoping, and the gems were very dark, not lighter as they are portrayed in the image. The pendant itself is beautiful, I wear it a lot and do get compliments on it, but the photo and some of the reviews are misleading. If you purchase this, you may love it and be VERY pleased with it, or you may be disappointed that it is not what it looks like in the image. I think the picture in the image is far better looking than the actual pendant I recieved. Perhaps I got a dud or it was simply not what I expected. Either way, I still love it and wear it often. I am a huge fan of Norse mythology, and I like Thor and his hammer. Loki is my favorite though, and I wish there was more jewelry dedicated to him. <end>
 B0002Z7ME0  Sterling Silver Spinning Knot Chain Spin Ring Size 10(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Love it!  It's an absolutely wonderful ring. Feels great against the skin and doesn't itch the fingers beside it. The section for the celtic knots spins within the base of the ring. It has to be my favorite. Will have to keep checking in to see if the product gets restocked, though. I lost it in some bathroom when I was washing my hands. <end>  Great ring and quality product  I recieved this as a gift for a friend. It is a very sturdy and weighted ring, it very smoothly spins, and has a nice finnish to it. <end>  Spinning Ring  I'll be honest. I don't care much for this ring (personal taste), but my husband (the one who bought and wears it) loves it and has worn it everyday since the day he got it. It's lightweight and the chain pattern in the middle of the ring actually rotates, i.e. "spins". He's constanly playing with it.The ring itself is still like the day he bought it, several months ago, and it has not tarnished or rubbed off in anyway. So I suppose it's worth the purchase. <end>  Dissapointed, and returned  This is a review of the product only - all interactions with the retail company were fantastic. I bought this ring based on the picture and reviews - however the reality was much different. The ring is extremely lightweight - and as a man, I prefer my jewelry with a solid, substantial feel. The detail on the chain was quite poor and at times individual links were melted into the other. The black contrast is not as significant or shiny as the picture conveys, and as a result of the chain being free to rotate, the ring makes a slight "tinkling" sound as your hand is moved. Return was accomplished quite easily using the original packaging and $2 for S&H and the credit was applied within 3 business days of receipt confirmation. <end>  cheap quality  cheap quality.. I don't recommend it. The spinning section wiggles and you grow tired of it, about 2 minutes after wearing it <end>  Good, quick delivery!  The ring was exactly as it was pictured. The size fit well and delivery was quick.Thanks! <end>  sterling silver ring  I was very satisfied with the product. They were very prompt in getting it to me and it was exactly what I ordered. <end>
 B0002Z7MEK  Sterling Silver Multi-Stone CZ Dragonfly Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8) ||	  Dragonfly Ring  This will go with any color due to the 4 different stones. Much better quality than I expected at very little cost. I'm delighted with it. Fast delivery from a good company. <end>
 B0002Z7NBM  Sterling Silver Medieval BLUE TOPAZ and Lapis Pendant ||	  topaz charm  this stone is big and has another light blue stone and i get many compliments on this. Love it. <end>
 B0002Z7NIK  4x6mm Sterling Silver Oval Light Purple Genuine Amethyst Post Stud Earrings ||	  Amethyst Stud earrings  These were just what I was looking for and at a great price. <end>
 B0002Z851E  Freshwater Cultured Pearl Bracelet w/ Adjustable Black Leather Band, 7-8" ||	  It will make a great gift  Makes a great gift  it looks really nice, and it's not pricey. I strongly recomend you to get yourself one of these, i got the black one.I'm one of those guys who loves to buy jewelry to his girfriend just for the fact that she loves jewels  -p. And my girlfriend really, i mean REALLY loved this one.My mother saw it and liked it, my brother and my sister too!!, it really looks better in real life that with those pics. <end>  Liked the Blue one so much, Bought the Black one, TOO!  I would give this bracelet 5 stars, but I have to take one away because it's a wee bit difficult to handle the clasp on this one.I would only recommend purchasing if you have a helper to put it on or you'll be frustrated because the clasp wants to spin around on this one and the clasp is right next to the leather band and even with tiny fingers, it's hard to hang on to and catch the eye hook, one-handed.All-in-all, a beautiful piece that will be worn time and again!Super-stylish and timeless, don't miss out! <end>
 B0002Z85DW  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 7.0-7.5mm Necklace, 18" and Bracelet, 7" 14k Yellow Gold Set ||	  Almost too good for my Mother in Law to be!  These are gorgeous pearls!!! My Mother in Law to be wanted a pearl necklace for Christmas so I looked in the Department Stores and found beautiful pearls but they were very expensive. I have bought other things from Amazon and was happy but these pearls have surpassed my expectations. I almost don't want to give them to her but I will, I have put these and a black pair on a gift list my Fiance` keeps with him.Thanks Amazon for making my shopping easy. <end>
 B0002ZG43A  Pugster Yellow Bird Italian Charms ||	  cute, but small  I was so excited to buy this for my mother for Christmas but I didn't realize how small the bird would be. Didn't think that the picture was enlarged (obviously it would have to be to see the detail) You can tell its a bird though and I'm sure my mother will like it anyway - it was just a shock when I opened the box to look at it for the first time. I still like it though. <end>
 B0002ZUWQA  Pugster Moon And Stars Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Very unique Italian charm bracelet moon and stars charm  This is a very unique italian charm bracelet charm. The glitter and color is wonderful. Shows both moon and stars. Great for any stargazer or fan of dreaming. <end>
 B0002ZYQC6  Guardian Angel Cat Charm Collar Tag ||	  cat giardian angel charm  I love this charm. All of my cats wear one. It's great!!It's light weight and a great price for what you get. <end>
 B000300YSU  Mens Sterling Silver Gothic Wrapping SNAKE Ring size 7.5(Size 9) ||	  Good looking, but horribly fragile  I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago, and after wearing it nearly everyday, it recently broke literally in half (so now I have to "C" shaped pieces). I was taking it off, it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake "head" part. I was never excessively rough with the ring, so it had to be craftsmanship. Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring, and it turned black. The plating wearing off wasn't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed. I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy, but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use. I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually, once or twice a week. Otherwise, it will break, it is not a ring to wear everyday. <end>
 B000300YYO  4mm Sterling Silver Shaped Marcasite Band Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  .a delightful combination of silver and stars.  If you're looking for a "perfectly" crafted ring, skip this one. The shape of the stars varies and upon close inspection, the band has a few flaws.However, if you're looking for a fun ring to add a little sparkle to your hand... then this ring won't disappoint. I appreciate the slight flaws found in this darling ring, as I immediately fell in love with it the moment I placed it on my finger. If it wasn't for the slight flaws, I would have given it 5 stars. This ring is absolutely darling.Update  3.10.11The ring I wrote this review for is no longer showing on this page. It used to be a silver ring with stars that had czs in the middle of them. I don't understand why this company didn't make a new listing for the marcasite ring that is currently showing. <end>  sparkly  This ring gets lots of compliments. I love the tiny stars and how sparkly the gems are. <end>
 B000300Z02  Mens Sterling Silver Gothic Wrapping SNAKE Ring Size 12(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good looking, but horribly fragile  I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago, and after wearing it nearly everyday, it recently broke literally in half (so now I have to "C" shaped pieces). I was taking it off, it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake "head" part. I was never excessively rough with the ring, so it had to be craftsmanship. Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring, and it turned black. The plating wearing off wasn't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed. I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy, but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use. I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually, once or twice a week. Otherwise, it will break, it is not a ring to wear everyday. <end>
 B000300Z0C  Girls or Young Ladies Sterling Silver Swirled Victorian Style Heart Shaped Photo Locket Pendant with a 16" Box Chain Necklace ||	  charming locket!  This is a charming locket. It is a good size and the smooth area is perfect for engraving. You couldn't buy costume jewlery for this price. Will make the perfect gift! <end>  Cute little keepsake  I bought this for my seven year old daughter for Christmas and she was quite pleased with it. It is compact once you open it up, so the space for the photos is small- maybe a half-inch diameter inside. For a larger person you might opt for the next bigger size pendant, so you can better view whatever photos you put in there. Whoever wrote that it didn't come with a chain was misinformed - it does. <end>  Ecellent  The locket was just as the descripition said it was. Putting a picture in was at first a challange but all in all it was a great item. <end>
 B000300Z16  Mens Sterling Silver Gothic Wrapping SNAKE Ring size 10.5(Size 9) ||	  Good looking, but horribly fragile  I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago, and after wearing it nearly everyday, it recently broke literally in half (so now I have to "C" shaped pieces). I was taking it off, it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake "head" part. I was never excessively rough with the ring, so it had to be craftsmanship. Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring, and it turned black. The plating wearing off wasn't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed. I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy, but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use. I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually, once or twice a week. Otherwise, it will break, it is not a ring to wear everyday. <end>
 B000300Z3Y  Sterling Silver Large Open Star Silhouette Earrings ||	  earrings  these earrings are definetly not as thick/hardy as they appear in the picture. they look very thin and fragile in real life, like they will bend easily... not exactly what i was looking for <end>  not real silver  these earrings were very cute! loved them until they started to turn a brownish like color, that is definatly not silver! <end>  Excellent  Great product. Just as described!! Would recommend this seller and would buy from again!! <end>  Lovely earrings  I already have a pair of star earrings and someone said they would love some, so I was so delighted when I saw these,and I am sure my friend will be so pleased. Thanks. <end>
 B0003029G0  Sterling Silver Immaculate Heart of Mary Medal Made in Italy, 3/4 x 7/16 (18 x 11 mm) Oval, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  Nice, but  Nice medal on the front, but has a smooth back and not the "traditional" back that's on an Immaculate Heart of Mary medal. <end>
 B000302AKA  Sterling Silver Saint Christopher Medal 7/8 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  Not as heavy/high quality as the picture looks.  Based on the picture I would've assumed this to be a little more heavy/high quality. The chain is tiny. 17". I purchased this as a gift for my husband who travels a lot, but he definitely won't be actually wearing this. <end>
 B00030B5M4  Sterling Silver Tiny Hoop Earrings with Lapis Inlay 1/2 inch ||	  Beautiful lapis!  Lapis lazuli is a beautiful stone that has been mined by man since prehistoric times. Indeed, in ancient Mesopotamia, it was considered the queen of gemstones, and was highly sought after for jewelry. Now is your opportunity to own a piece of lapis jewelry for yourself!These handsome earrings are lapis and sterling silver, and look very attractive. They look excellent with formal, semi-formal, and even informal outfits. Plus, the less you are wearing, the more important jewelry is, and these earrings always look great. I love these earrings, and highly recommend them!(Review of Tiny Lapis Eatrrings) <end>
 B00030DC7U  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030DC8O  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030DC9I  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030DCEI  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030DCF2  Lily Star Flower Genuine Rainbow Moonstone Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  So adorable  I got these in the mail after ordering them two days prior. They came in a cute little velvet bag. I find them very adorable and received many compliments on the first day of wearing them. The only thing I would like to mention is that the blue tint isn't as blue in real life. I plan to order more jewelry from Silver insanity. Also they are each approximately the size of a dime. First jewelry bought online that I was not disappointed in. I plan to wear them whenever I can. <end>
 B00030FDEK  Large Sterling Silver Crystal Amethyst CZ Cross Pendant ||	  Sparkly!  While this certainly doesn't look like an expensive piece of jewelry and is clearly costume jewelry, it's quite pretty and I shall enjoy wearing it. It's very sparkly and fun, and the purple CZ is a beautiful color. And at that price? So affordable! <end>
 B00030FDI6  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Puzzle Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Puzzle Ring Plus  This ring is awesome. It is well made and amazing how it fits together. My only complaint is that the idea of a puzzle ring is misleading. I thought that all four bands would come totally apart from each other. I was going to keep two rings for myself and give two rings to another person as a representation that we are two pieces, but when we are together we are whole. The problem is the rings are all inter-looped, so in order to do this I am going to have to cut them and solder them together. The other thing was, which is good for someone who doesn't want to worry about it falling apart....is that once I clipped the white band that was holding it together, it didn't fall all apart. I was expecting it to just fall to pieces. I literally had to struggle and pull at it to get it to come apart....in fact I lost patience in getting it apart and had to give it to someone else to pull apart. So as long as you aren't trying to use it like I wanted to, this ring is perfect for you. It doesn't come apart easily and they are all looped together so you can't lose any of the pieces. <end>  Be careful about sizing  This was given to me as a gift, and the person who gave it to me based the sizing on the sizing of the rest of the rings I wear. However, whatwe discovered is that these rings are a bit bulky (of course, that's what puzzle rings are about!), so mine is a bit too tight. I think Silver Insanity's website has instructions on sizing, but just in case that isn't an option I recommend goinga size larger. <end>  waste of money  I bought this ring for my girlfriend and 2 months later it completely fell apart. The bands on the ring actually broke apart and piece by piece the ring crumbled. Poor quality, I am not sure if it relates the thin bands that construct the puzzle ring, or the fragile nature of the metal. I wish I had my 25 bucks back. <end>  Awful ring..  Well atleast the package came quickly, cause the ring is horrible. I took it apart to see if I could put it back together, and what do I see, but the entire inside of the ring is tarnished. I used jewelery polish, and still couldn't get the ring to a silver look. Oh, and one of the bands snapped when I tried to put it back together for the first time. I contacted the seller, and am trying to get a refund. Hopefully their service is better than their products. <end>  Very Nice Ring  This is my fave ring of all time. It comes with a string around it so it won't fall a part when you take it out of the box. Although, mine has to never come apart. It doesn't just fall apart like some of the looser knots do. I got a size 9 & it is a heavy ring so if you don't like heavy rings this one might not be for you.I love this ring & the company has a video you can watch & learn to how to put it, & other puzzle rings, back together. The indviual bands are thin & can bend so you have to be nice it, but it is well worth the money. <end>  It's terrible  I bought this ring for my fiance, since i have one, and it's a terrible ring. We got it apart, and then.....have not been able to get it back together, it's been over a month now, we went online to get the directions, that didn't help either. Plus, the ring is so cheap, it warmed up with the effort from our hands and bent out of shape. It is cheap and completely useless. <end>  pretty, but flimsy ring with useless assembly instructions  The ring is very pretty, but the instructions to reassemble the ring are useless and you have to be very careful with the individual rings as they are very thin metal. <end>  a puzzler!  I loved this ring the moment I saw it, and begged my boyfriend to buy it for me for christmas.When I got it, I immediatly put it on. I thought "Well, I wonder how it comes apart."BIG MISTAKE!It still hasn't been put back together, after two months, and every person in my family tried. I suggest that it come with instructions. (yes, even though this defeats the purpose) <end>  Watch out for sensitive skin  I purchased this ring for my girlfriend for Christmas after she mentioned having a claddagh ring before that broke. I think it is a really cool design and thought she'd enjoy the fact that it is a puzzle ring. And while she was really excited and likes the ring a lot she can not wear it for long periods of time due to the fact that it causes her to get blisters on her finger due to something in the metal. After later doing research on this I learned that there is a sizable number of people allergic to nickel which I suspect is present in this ring. <end>  Looks nice  I haven't disassembled it yet for fear of not being able to put it back together again. Doesn't look too hard, but judging by other reviewers' experiences, I decided not to try my luck. It looks quite nice the way it is.Once again, Silver Insanity did an excellent job. Amazon had mistakenly placed two orders, but Silver Insanity noticed it and called my attention to the fact. <end>  HELLLPPPPPP  Someone, please help me!!I have tried all the online help videos and guides and such, and I still cannot figure out how to put this blasted ring together again! PLEASE HELP! <end>  Present for Daughter  I bought this as a present for my daughter. I was very pleased with the quality and the finish of the ring. (If anyone wants additional instructions about how to put it together, check wikipedia. I believe there is even a video.) I highly recommend this ring for people who enjoy sterling silver, symbolism, and something just a little bit different. <end>  Nice ring  Nice ring, fast delivery. I still need to check it out, because my daughter says it doesn't completely "break down" the way my old puzzle ring did. <end>  if only i could put it back together!  I got this ring for my girlfriend for her birthday. We both loved it, it is really quite beautiful. Yet we still can't put it back together. It has been apart for about two months now, it's really disappointing. If you're amazing at putting things together, than you'll like it. If you're not, you'll probably still like it, but you might wan to leave it together. <end>  Rings were beautiful...the puzzle not so...  I bought two of the claddagh puzzle rings for me and my boyfriend for christmas. I was so excited that I recieved them by Christmas. The rings looked as I expected them too and I was thrilled to have matching rings for my boyfriend and I. However I was very very dissapointed when my puzzle ring fell apart and ther was no directions to put it back together. It fell apart the first night I got it before I had the chance to give my boyfriend his, which of course again very dissapointing seeing as I bought it as christmas presents. I tried for several hours that night to get it back together and so did other family members but no luck. We even got instructions with diagrams and watched a movie of it but it still wouldn't go back together. Luckily my boyfriends hasn't fell apart yet nor has he taken it apart after hearing my horor story of it. I had to buy a new ring from them just to have our matching rings because we are getting our pictures taken together. Hopefully it will arive soon and then when it does I am wrapping something around it to get it to stay together before I can get it welded. But its pretty dissapointing I have to do this seeing as its suppose to be a puzzle ring. All in all though they are pretty beautiful rings just be careful with them and don't take them apart unless you have plenty of time trying to figure out how to put them back together or you plan on spending another 20 plus shipping for a new ring. By the way you can't send the ring back for a refund unless it is assembled so beware of that too. The company itself gets a good rating from me though. <end>  Wow  I got a lot of shipping alerts and was confused as to when it would arrive, but i got it now and I couldn't be more pleased!!! gorgeous! I can't wait to take it apart and put it back together again!! Perfect for puzzle lovers! <end>  gripkid  I really love this ring! I mainly got it because they showed it on an episode of the Buffy the vampire slayer for a big fan one of these rings are a must! I haven't ventured to take it apart...YET and to be honest by the looks of these reviews it'll be a long time before i do *give me two-three days* haha BUT i did find some instructions from the website silver sanity that sells these the the website that they put on the reciept is kinda funky and i had to google it just to get to the right page but i'll post it on here seeing as no one else has---How to assemble a four link puzzle ring, step by step.Puzzles rings are a most intriguing piece of jewelry, with an interesting lore attached to them. In some areas of Turkey, they are the most common wedding band worn. Originally, they were intended to serve as a sort of motivator to keep married people faithful to one another. The theory was, if a spouse endeavored to commit adultery, they would first have to remove their wedding band, hiding their marital status from the potential fling. Since the rings are made up of interlocking bands, forming a pattern that requires knowledge to duplicate, once they are removed from the finger they fall apart quite easily...thus incriminating the guilty party.Today, these rings are worn mostly because of their beauty, not to mention the fact that they are excellent conversation pieces. They are a popular souvenier among tourists in the Middle East, especially Turkey. Many military personnel return from a tour of duty owning one or more of these rings, however, in time, the solution is forgotten!The following is a step by step solution for a thin band, four link puzzle ring.1. You will notice that the four bands are similar, but upon closer inspection there are slight differences. Two of the links have a simple peak to them, and the other two links have a dip and a peak. Look carefully to identify each link. At this time, single out the link that has a simple peak, with 4 etches carved into it. (The etches may be faint, compare the two simple peak links and choose the one with more grooves)2. Once you have found the simple peaked link with four grooves, hold that link only, letting the other links dangle. Turn the ring so that the top of the peak is pointing away from you. There should be two links dangling from the link you are holding, with the fourth link dangling from those two links.3. While still holding the four grooved link, take the other simple peaked link, which should be the one dangling from the bottom, and bring it up to meet with the one you are holding. You should now be holding the two links together, the bands of the links together, and the points of the peaks pointing outwards, opposite of each other (It should look like a diamond)4. Continue holding the links together with your thumb and pointer finger (you will need your other fingers for the next part).5. You will notice that you now have the two 'dip and peak' links dangling from the two links you are holding. Select the link on the right---this is trial and error, sometimes the correct link will be on the right already, and sometimes you may have to pass the wrong link over the top of the ring in order to place the correct link in the proper position. The two dangling links are very hard to tell apart, so you will discover which is the correct one for the next step by following these instructions  6. After grabbing the dangling link on the right, turn the link so that the peaks and dips face you. Looking at the link, notice the dips and peaks. You want the link that has peaks that point like arrows to the LEFT, then the right. (The other link has peaks that point like arrows to the RIGHT, then left )7. When you have found the correct link for the next step, hold it taut against the two simple peak bands you have been holding between your thumb and forefinger. The band of those two links should now be resting against the LEFT pointing peak of the selected link, and you should adjust your hands so that you are holding that link on your pinky, taut.8. With your free hand, grab the last remaining link. Turn the link so that the peaks and dips face the top of the ring (you should be holding the ring upright the entire time) Bring the remaining link towards the right, and overlap it with the link you're holding on your pinky. The easiest way to do this is to imagine you are trying to put the other link on your pinky with the one that's already there. If this is done correctly, you will still be holding the two simple peak links between your thumb and forefinger, and they will form a diamond shape. You will also be holding the other two links on your pinky, they should form a figure eight, with the other two bands passing through the center.9. At this point, I usually change the position of my hands. Now ,hold the figure eight together with your thumb and middle finger, trying not to disrupt the other ones too much! Try to maintain the diamond shape in some way, hold it however you are comfortable, in a way that will enable you to continue with these instructions.10. Select the link on the top, closest to you. (part of the diamond) Spin the link around so that the peak fits through the figure eight---also, make sure that once the peak is inside the figure eight it also passes through the band of the other part of the 'diamond' . When the link has been spun, and passed through the figure eight and the band of the remaining link, fold it downwards, so that it is flush with the two links that form a figure eight.11. Well, you made it to the last remaining link...congratulations!All you have to do now is carefully spin the last link so the peak fits between the peaks and gaps of the already mostly assembled ring (just spin it, no need to do anything fancy! ) Once the last remaining link has been passed through the ring, fold it down to lay flush with the rest of the links.12. Enjoy your puzzle ring!Solving your puzzle ring may have seemed difficult and awkward this time, but with practice it's actually quite simple. If you don't feel confident that you would be able to repeat this feat, I suggest taking the ring to a reputable jeweler to be soldered together! <end>  Confusing but not too bad`  I absolutely love the look of the ring! My friend took it apart, and I worked on it non-stop for almost a day before I looked up directions on-line. Once I foudn a couple sets, I compared them and it wasn't too bad to put back together.Again, I think the ring is gorgeous. <end>  Comes with Warnings!!!  this ring, i lovedwhen i got it..even betterbut i was so curiouse as to..if i could take it apart and put it back together. not even a week and i folled around with it, bad idea. it fell apart.i still cant get it together and been messing with it any chance i could get. the instructions it comes with isnt the best either. its all words and no images. kinda confusing. so do take apart but i warn you, you better be patient and very talented to get it together <end>  Tarnish Crap!  I ordered this ring and wore it a few times and it got all tarnished! So it is not Stainless Steel, and it wasnt worth sending it back! dont waste your money!!! <end>  gorgeous  i love puzzle rings. in england it's real difficult to find themi love the jewellery on amazon <end>  It's a puzzler!  I do like this puzzle ring, even though I have not ventured to take it apart and reassemble it again. On my receipt, I saw an e-mail address for instructions on how to solve it, but the address didn't work. However, there are instructions at another site ([...]) for their claddagh puzzle rings that may be helpful if you can't solve it.All in all, a neat looking ring, but take it apart at your own risk!  ) <end>  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Puzzle Band Ring Size  love this ring it is still in good condition and NOPE I never took it apart. I wanted to so bad but read on line it was very hard to get it back together. I had a lot of compliments on this one <end>  Great Ring! Challenging and Fun!  My boyfriend bought me this ring. I love it! A claddagh ring and a puzzle ring in one!! Great idea!It was tricky to put back together the first couple times, but I love a challenge (otherwise what's the point of a puzzle ring??) and now that I now how to do it I can put it back together in about a minute. Just don't force it - as many others have mentioned the individual rings are thin and bend easily. No force it necessary to get it back together, just a bit of finagling.I did find that it was a bit tarnished when I first took it apart but some baking soda and water polished it up nicely. It could have gotten five stars had it not been tarnished upon arrival. Boyfriend, however, does get five stars. <end>  bad idea.  I had this maybe two weeks before it broke. Junk. Thin week bands make for bad puzzle pieces. This thing will not stand up to daily wear for long. <end>  Love the ring!  I love my ring, although I have not tried to take it apart. I have always wanted a Claddagh ring and bought this for me for my birthday. I received it fast and it is beautiful. I have read the other reviews on how hard it is to take it apart or put it back together. I do not even want to try, I love it just the way it is! This is the second ring that I have ordered from Amazon.com and would recommend them to anyone that loves puzzle rings or Celtic jewelry! <end>  Fantastic  This is the most unique claddagh I've seen yet, a claddagh AND a puzzle ring. Great quality, quick shipping. I was very pleased. <end>  Awful  I ordered this ring for my daughter. It arrived severely tarnished. Because it was an inexpensive ring it didn't make sense to pay for shipping to send it back. We took the ring apart and used some silver polish on it. The tarnish came off but but so did silver coating also the ring is impossible to put back together. The instructions aren't for this ring in particular and aren't very clear. Not to mention how flimsy the metal is. Not a good buy. <end>  Other Opinion  I have read the other reviews about the weak metal, and the fact that people can't put the ring back together. My husband bought this ring for me and I could not even take it apart. Puzzle rings in general are thinner so they break and bend easily if your not careful. My husband bought it a lil too small, so I had it resized... the jeweler didn't want to until I said that I didn't care about the fact that it would never come apart. I love it and it is a great sign of love between us. <end>  An enjoyable piece  While not an exceptional ring, this is still an enjoyable piece for fans of either the Claddagh or puzzle rings in general.Both my wife and I wear a Claddagh for our wedding rings. The puzzle rings came this afternoon and while my wife hasn't dismantled hers just yet I simply couldn't wait. This, like most puzzle rings, is tricky and requires a certain amount of dexterity and patience. After playing with it for a couple of horus I succumbed and found a very useful video tutorial by Googling '4BDS Puzzle Ring Solution Video'While I feel like I cheated some; the solution, once you've learned it, comes pretty readily to mind.The only reason I held back on 5 stars is the metal bands have become somewhat warped in my frustrated gropings! The inside of the bands will appear damaged and tarnished - I imagine this ring may be silver plated. From other reviewers' mention of allergic reactions, don't be fooled in thinking this is a sterling silver ring. <end>  Claddagh Puzzle Ring  Nice ring for price. We have found the silver to be a little soft. Bends easily. The instructions on the Internet are not ring specific for this item, therefore we are afraid to even take it apart. Needs better instructions written for specific rings. <end>
 B00030FHSM  Huge Chinese Symbol for Wealth Handcarved Agate Pendant ||	  Pendant  Beautiful quality, made my wife very happy. If youre looking for an affordable gift, this is it. <end>
 B00030FHWS  Sterling Silver Green Agate Celtic Knot Iron Cross Pendant ||	  Just what I was looking for!  This was a sturdy metal pendant and was perfect for my needs - I mounted it in a frame for a friend. Would have been equally perfect on a chain or silk necklace. Beautiful piece. <end>  Cool Necklace  This is a cool celtic cross. It serves its purpose. However, I bought one of these quite a while ago. I ended up losing it one night. So I came to Amazon to order another, and when I received my new necklace, it wasn't the same as before. The first one I ordered looked exactly like the one in the picture. It had a convex curvature to the necklace and seemed to be made of more sturdy material. The second one I ordered was very flat and will bend if forced. I would rate this item a three star because of that, but its a very nice necklace, so I'm giving it four stars. <end>
 B0003YDVOU  Heart, Spiral and Flower Earrings with Hypoallergenic stainless steel ear wire from the Artazia Collection #207 HEA ||	  A little piece of art on your ear  )  I ordered the heart, spiral and flower earrings for my birthday. I wanted something unique, colorful, delicate, light; something that would not be too shiny, too bright, but once noticed would point out the taste and love for art. The earrings were just as I imagined them.They are not very big and long, only up to 3 cm. but very light. You may even forget you are wearing them. Whoever notices it, cannot help asking in detail how I got it.It's like wearing something special, a little piece of art.  ) <end>
 B000406BGS  Large, Elegant Hamsa Necklace to Protect from the Evil Eye from the Artazia Collection #169 JN MN ||	  unique and gorgeous Hamsa  I LOVE Hamsas and have started given them to my daughters and their young female friends. I have gotten 2 from ARTAZIA and they are absolutely gorgeous. The girls who are all teens love them. All from the same artist, but each one different. In all I have bought 7!!!! I absolutely will order from them again. <end>  Stunning in person...  The true beauty of this necklace can only be appreciated in person. I receive compliments every time I wear it, so I'd say it works great. After all, it's hard to cast an evil eye when admiring such a stunning piece of art! <end>  Very nice, elegant, item  very nice, elegant, well manufactured item. better than i expected.very nice and unique colored beads. i suggest to make larger sizes. <end>  Absolutely stunning Hamsa necklace  When I received this in the mail, I was surprised that it looked even nicer than in the pictures. The colors are bold and vibrant. When I gave it to my wife, she was extremely happy to receive it and wears it all the time. <end>  Absolutely Beautifyl  I received this item as a gift and cannot tell you how beautiful and stunning it is. It soothes me and helps me focus on the important items in my life. Very special gift and so pretty! <end>  Love the Front; Back is $*@%  The front of this is great! Vibrant colors, wonderful design. But the back is peeling off like cheap nail polish. <end>
 B0004K4KSE  Tree of Life Pin from the Artazia Collection #238 JP ||	  "tree of life"  This is a beautiful lapel pin. It is apprx. 2 3/4 in. long x 2 in. across. I have worn it on my collar and on a jacket lapel, and am very pleased with the uniqueness of it. The colors are bold and detail expertly done. <end>  Not the quality I expected  I'm giving this 3 stars because it is unique and attractive, but below my expectations. They claim to be hand painted, but It looks like a sheet of paper was inlayed instead. And it also warns you to keep it dry which also indicates that it is some kind of paper, not individually painted. The crystals are tiny so they don't stand out much either. For the price, I would have sent this back if it wasn't so close to Christmas. <end>
 B0004K4LZG  Woman of Valor Pin with Hebrew from the Artazia Collection #166 JP ||	  Beautiful art  I love this pin. It is beautifully made, colorful and meaningful. My one complaint is that I think the "pin" part is kind of flimsy for the money and the quality of the product. <end>  Beautiful theme and execution!  I got this for my wife for both her birthday and the beginning of her career as a social worker - very fitting. She loves it. <end>
 B0004K4XQ8  Mezuzah Necklace (decorative only) from the Artazia Collection #064 JN ||	  Beautiful piece of artwork  The mezuzah is stunning. It is rich in detail and color, and attention was given to its construction; it is beautifully done. Even with its delicate scrolling at the bottom and use of gemstones, the mezuzah is a solid, sturdy piece of jewelry. Also, the chain has a series of small rings at its end so you can easily change the length each time you wear it. <end>
 B0004K58F8  Tree of Life Necklace from the Artazia Collection #3022 JN MN ||	  Beautiful!  I received this from my mother-in-law for the Holidays last year. It is a gorgeous piece. The colors are so versatile I can wear this with almost any outfit. The comments are always so amazing. This is one of my favorite necklaces. Beautiful work! <end>  Israeli Jewlry  Gorgeous necklace. The artist does beautiful work. The colors are just as vibrant as the picture. <end>  Beautiful!  This necklace is very beautiful and intricate - a very unique piece of jewelry. I rarely take it off and it's held up nicely. Worth the money! <end>  Impressed  I purchased the Tree of Life necklace from the Artazia Collection and was pleased when the pendant arrived exactly as described. Unfortunately, the clasp on the necklace ended up being defective. I contacted Artazia directly and received a prompt reply within 24 hours The representative that I spoke to was very respectful and attentive. He was totally focused on making sure that I had a positive experience through the company (obviously, ensuring that I would continue purchasing more items in their collection-which I will). A new chain was sent to me via postal mail and arrived within the time frame specified. The pendant is beautiful and I have had many people comment on the uniqueness of the necklace. I couldn't be more pleased with the necklace. I am also very impressed with the company. It is nice to support a business that is actually customer orientated (sadly, that appears to be very rare anymore). <end>  One of My Favorites!  This necklace is breathtaking. It is stunning in the picture but even more so in person. I have owned this for nearly two years and wear it at least once it week. For a smaller necklace, it is quite a statement piece. On a whole, it is unique, beautiful, comfortable to wear, lightweight, and sturdy. <end>  Beautiful!  The product, and price are awesome!!! A beautiful tree of life charm, with necklace!!! Extremely fast shipping!!! The only problem was choosing one from all the beautiful ones!!! <end>  Very nice, but...  This necklace looks beautiful in the picture, but in real life the colors are not so nice. They are more muted/less bright. There are no bright yellows and reds to balance out the cooler colors. Mine has dark green, dark red and light pink stones. The top stone is mostly gold. Maybe each one is different. I was disappointed, but it is still a nice piece and I wear it a lot. You can adjust where you put the closure so you can wear it longer or shorter which is nice. <end>  It's evrything previous reviewers have stated  Gave this as a gift, which was very well recieved. Quality is great. Only complaint is the small necklace clasp is difficut to use with fingers which don't work well. <end>  VERY NICE  Necklace arrived sooner than estimated, was packaged very well - giving it no chance to tangle. Loved the pendant - so colorful! My only 'complaint' would be that the chain could be better quality. It's so lightweight that the back of the chain works itself to the front of your neck multiple times during the day. It gets annoying by the end of the day. If not for the chain, I would give this product 5 stars. I will def get another chain for the pendant. Other than the chain, love this piece. I will be buying earrings to match soon. <end>  The Most Beautiful Necklace I've Ever Seen!!!  When I first ordered this necklace, I thought of one that I ordered from Azure Green years ago. Then it was stolen from me. I hoped to recreate the memory of that first necklace, but this one is so much more beautiful. I don't mean to down grade anyone's work, but this is an obvious work of art. I couldn't be more pleased!!! Thank you Artazia, you make dreams come true, you completed my circle. You don't deserve five stars, you deserve ten. You will hear from me in the future!!! <end>  Colorful, great gift.  Bought this for a friend and she loves the colors. Looked a bit different from the picture online but that may be a case of natural variations in the materials. The "Tree of Life" theme is a nice conversation topic, too. Very nice, especially for the price. <end>
 B0004K5966  Sweet Star of David Necklace from the Artazia Collection #288 JN ||	  Beautiful Jewelry form a master  Beautiful selection of handmade original jewelry. Have bought items twice and each product isan original piece. A hidden gem. <end>
 B00061FBIY  3mm Sterling Silver 30" Marina or Anchor Open Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  great price, great product  Exactly the type of chain I wanted- great for heavier pendants, I bought it in two lengths and they are perfect <end>
 B00061FC6U  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00061FC8I  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00061ODJ2  Mens Brushed Satin Titanium Celtic Flame Artistic Tribal Fire Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  looks cheap  It gets scratched really easy and it collects debris in the cut out. It is not as nice as it looks in the picture. I expected it to be a little nicer than it was. <end>  GOOD QUALITY AND SERVICE  Arrived in a timely fashion and in perfect condition. Very pleased with merchandise and service. <end>  Complete Garbage  Received this as a gift recently.It's complete garbage. NO WAY is this thing worth over $10.The packing was some sort of draw-string bag you get gumball prizes in and the 'gift card' was a typed message on a receipt (that actually looked to be torn from the printer by hand).Will never again purchase ANYTHING from this vendor. <end>
 B00061OLJ4  Yellow Jade Dangle Earrings ||	  Very Pretty  I have a yellow jade necklace with chips and was fortunate to find the right color and style match here on Amazon com. When they arrived I was delighted with my purchase and would recommend this jewelry because it is wonderful quality and extremely elegant and stylish. I admit I was a bit wary at first but the earrings are fabulous and so pretty! <end>
 B00061R40M  16" Small Box Chain ||	  Beautiful, delicate but sturdy gold chain  I bought this to replace a chain that had come with a small gold and diamond cross. I was concerned that this chain might not be thick enough, but it was just perfect! I mistakenly thought that it would have a lobster clasp, which it doesn't; however, the ring clasp seems quite sturdy, as does the chain itself. The price was great for this kind of quality. The chain arrived quickly, packed well, and in a nice box. I would definitely buy from this vendor again. <end>
 B00061RGD2  Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire 3mm Band Sterling Silver Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10 ||	  Great Replacement  I had to get larger rings while I was pregnant and wanted something nice to wear. This ring is very beautiful and I got several compliments from admirers. This is pretty close to the look of my original wedding/engagement ring, so I felt right at home wearing it. <end>  disappointed  The ring looked foggy and not clear. I wore it for two day's and took it off. I'll probably replace the stone with a better one because the setting was sterling silver. <end>  Gorgeous Marquise for such a low price!  Exactly what I was hoping for. The Cubic Zirconia is sparkly and the perfect size. Fits accurately and the color is perfect Sterling Silver. The only thing that made me a bit sad was the band, which got marked up a little somehow, either in warehouse or during transit, but luckily it's not enough to make me fuss, plus for the price, if need be I could replace it at some point rather than return it for shipping costs that are pricier. <end>  Gorgeous marquise ring  I love my ring, it fits perfectly, I ordered it on a Saturday, it arrived Thursday.I had been wanting to buy a ring for quite a while now, and I love this one.The stone is gorgeous, it shines in low lighting. My only complaint is that the band has received many scratches since I got it.. I blame it on my wearing it almost non-stop, but then again I don't do anything extreme that I would expect to scratch it. The band is very thin, it hasn't lost it's shape, but it took some getting used to a band this thin.Overall, I still love this ring, the scratches aren't enough to make me regret getting it. <end>  great product, not so great shipping.  The ring is very nice but shipping took longer than expected. <end>  Not bad for the price  Gem i shinny. It is real silver. I am allergic to anything other then silver. The Gem is a little over sized for the band but overall it is very pretty. I ordered it and it actually arrived earlier then the date they estimated. <end>  Good ring for the money  The only con to this ring is that the prongs were a little miss aligned. And other were some small scratches next to mounting.Pros - .925 and it seems like a good sturdy ring, and the CZ is clear and exceeded expectations <end>  Pretty, for a great price!  The ring is exactly as its pictured, the solataire cut is gorgeous and sparkly. My only concerns are the height of the stone (I am constatly getting it caught on things or bumping things with it) and the stone itself is a tad bit crooked, not enough to really notice though. all in all, I love it. People are always complimenting me on it and they think its the real deal! <end>  big stone but nice ring  The only thing I don't like about the ring is that the stone is a bit too big for (for me). I like the smaller stones and didn't realize it would be this big. But... it is a nice ring for the price. The CZ looks real. <end>  SS Marquiz solitaire  I love this ring. My wedding band is gold but I wear a lot of silver jewelry and wanted something to match without spending a fortune. This is perfect. It matches my wedding ring and is absolutely beautiful. Super product, super price and super fast shipping. I couldn't be any happier. <end>  more than nice  this ring is beautiful. i see that one person got a foggy cz but i must say mine is gorgeous. the sparkle is amazing. i am very pleased with this ring. <end>  gem jewelery  this was the 3rd ring I brought from gem, the stone itself is flawless, the band is very nice and its silver, the price is far below what I think they could charge, the very same ring in my town retails for 29.00, they are selling it at a discount for 19.95, gem charges 6.99..and there jewelery is beautiful..there rings look far better then the photo makes them out to appear. they have won my business on these levels, PRICE, QUAILITY, SERVICE,thank you gem..please keep my email and let me know of future products and sales! <end>
 B00062J5M6  Sterling Silver Long Dagger Euro Wire Earrings ||	  You can't cancel your order once you've hit the button  I will not buy another item from this company ever and suggest you to make it easier for your customers to cancel. Be sure you want it before you click or else you responsible for the shipping to send it back. I all ready knew that I didn't want it before it shipped. <end>
 B00062J7U6  Designer Sterling Silver Top Fire Labradorite Ring ||	  Broken Item  The ring that I bought would be beautiful, but it was broken. I tried to return it, but sending it back to Thailand is a hassle. Should Iknow that the return is such a hassle i WOULD NOT even bother to buy it. <end>
 B00062QXWQ  Sterling Silver Filigree Amethyst Cross Slide Pendant ||	  Amethyst set silver cross.  Substantial, 3 dimensional, and lovely from the front, sides and back. Beautifully made. This cross pendant was all my daughter hoped for. She never takes it off, but it will hold up to constant wear. <end>  Beautiful  This is a beautiful cross that can be worn for dress up or casual. It works on a number of my chains from semi-delicate to heavy. I would buy more in other colors if they had them. <end>
 B000630OW0  Belleek Nadine Trinket Box ||	  wonderful birthday gift  as I have a dear friend who collects Belleek, it was such a treat to find this item at a reasonable price. <end>  Beautiful Box  I own many pieces of Belleek and am delighted with each piece. Another reviewer is disappointed with the size. The name clearly says trinket, which means small. It is as well made as all Belleek pieces and worth owning of you are a fan of Belleek. <end>  LI Mom  Bought it for my cousin to keep her new engagement ring in and was very upset with the size. I felt like the gift wasn't worthy but I gave it to her anyway, because I am lazy. It was very small but will hold her ring. <end>
 B00063DNAA  Sterling Silver CELTIC Knot Green Crystal Ring(Sizes 6,7,7.5,8,9) ||	  Love it  D  My daughter says "It is really pretty and I love it." It does not stain her finger. A good deal! <end>  Love it  D  My daughter says "It is really pretty and I love it." It does not stain her finger. A good deal! <end>
 B00063H8PG  Pendant Mizpah Coin - Sterling Silver (25 Millimeters In Size.) ||	  Perhaps my expectations were to high?  I purchased expecting something of a reasonable weight...I was wrong. What I got was VERY thin and felt cheap. The lettering on mine was hardly readable because the background was tarnished (that I fixed with a polishing cloth). Perhaps for the price I had higher epectations than I should have, but I was just not impressed. <end>
 B00063N97C  Sterling Silver Plain 4mm Wedding Band Ring Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 ||	  review  this is a nice ring but it tarnishes easily i could see it within 2 days <end>  Great ring!  I am really pleased with this purchase. This band is well made and I would certainly buy more rings from this maker. <end>  Not Happy  This product was not what I expected at all. It was cheap, yes, and so I expected low quality, but it was tarnished when I took it out of the package. It couldn't be shined very well either. I only used it for a prop in a child's play, so it wasn't a huge deal, but shiny was what I was expecting and I was disappointed when it wasn't. <end>  Great stand-in wedding ring  My husband and I bought this ring when, in my fifth month of pregnancy, my hands began to swell too much for me to wear my wedding ring. I had heard horror stories of women waiting too long to remove their wedding ring and having to have it CUT OFF. So I knew I needed to take it off before it was too late. But I felt strange not wearing any ring on my wedding-ring finger.My wedding ring is a simple platinum band. We bought this ring in a bigger size than my wedding ring, and it looks almost indistinguishable from the real wedding ring. And at this affordable price, it won't be a big deal to replace it if I need an even bigger ring later in pregnancy.The ring came quickly and in a cute little gift box, inspiring my husband to make a little ceremony of presenting it to me with some words of love before dinner. I feel like a newlywed again. <end>  Good Value  This is a wonderful gift item that we shared on our 5th Wedding Anniversary. Worth its value. <end>  Great Wedding Band  I got this ring for my husband because we're a young couple on a budget! This ring fits him perfectly, looks great on his hand and still has a nice shine to it. He loves it and never takes it off, and there are still no scratches or those disgusting green stains some rings leave behind. Good investment! <end>  Great Band for the price!  Bought as a replacement for a lost wedding band. This looks really nice, very happy with the quality for the price. Would order from this place again. <end>  Pretty silver band!  I like the width of this band. I have other bands that are narrow, but this is just right for me. <end>  Love it  This ring is every thnig that I wanted in a sliver band, it fits well and is very very comfotralbe. I have not taken it off. <end>  Nice ring!  Very nice ring at a reasonable price. I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife to wear as a thumb ring. She is delighted with it. Arrived promptly in a nice little round metal jewelry box complete with a bow and ready to put under the tree. <end>  Simply Amazed  The ring was shipped accordingly and I love the shipping pace. The ring itself is beautiful, the only thing I don't care for is there is a line where it looks like the ring may have been re-sized. Inclduing all the specifications I included the ring has met my expectations especially for a beginning ring. <end>  Perfect!!  I lost my wedding band with diamonds so I bought this ring as a temporary measure until I could replace it. It was delivered promptly and shiny and indeed comfortable and true to size. Love it, price was great too! <end>  quick service--great product  Use these rings as ring guards--but they are very nice and could be worn alone. <end>
 B000643FUC  Mens Black Yin Yang Symbol Titanium Metal Jewelry Link Bracelet, 8.5" Long ||	  Very Nice Mens Bracelet!  This is a very modern looking and very lightweight Titanium bracelet. The Decor on it only adds to its overall sleekness. It looks fairly easy to adjust with removal of links if needed. <end>
 B000646CVG  Face of Jesus Silhouette Pendant 10K Yellow Gold 14X9mm with 18 inch necklace ||	  I dont see it  This appears to be a pretty pendant, but I can not see the silhouette of Jesus. I had my hubby look at it and he aggrees. I wish there was a way to contact the company and ask. If anyone see its let me know! ) <end>
 B00064A6UO  Sterling Silver Natural Blue Sapphire Ring Size 7.5 ||	  nice ring  It is a nice ring. the stones are a nice dark blue. <end>
 B00064C5SK  Sterling Silver Ivy Vines and Leaves Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  unique and delicate  i bought this ring some time ago. the fit was perfect. what i loved best was the delicate little leaves can be gently positioned. this is a very comfortable ring and i get lots of compliments when i wear it. a nothing price for something so pretty. <end>  Not quite what I was expecting.  It's smaller than I thought it would be and the leaves don't look as delicate as pictured. I bought the ring as a size 7 and ended up having to adjust it to a size 6 just to make it look like the picture. It's still a nice ring, but I got what I paid for. <end>  Very nice for a cheap ring  I am absolutely in love with this ring. It really looks amazing. the only bad thing about it is that the leaves are kinda tall and get caught on stuff. It doesn't look cheap at all. <end>  happy happy happy  my sorority uses the ivy as a symbol so of course i bought it. i just love it! i will purchase more of them. <end>  Silver ivy  The rings were fun and exactly as pictured. They do tend to catch on things, but for the price and the enjoyment we got out of them, they were great. Arrived quickly and in perfect shape. <end>  To soft and cumbersome  This ring looks gorgeous but because it sticks up it gets caught on everything. It is not worth the problems of wearing it. If you are someone who doesn't do anything or doesn't have to reach into a pocket book for anything you will be fine. Like I said looks great but cumbersome to wear. <end>  Broke Before I could Wear It!  I hoard unique jewelery so naturally this was right up my alley. I tried it on when it came in the mail and it fit fine. I went to wear it yesterday for the first time and it broke right in the middle (just opposite the adjustable part) I was really upset! I guess because it's adjustable it can't take that much tension and it snapped. I LOVE the way it looks so I am going to try and melt it back together but I would have definitely returned it if the return shipping wasn't so ridiculous. SAD =[ <end>  Pretty  This is such a nice little ring that can be worn for any occasion. It's adjustable, but it's very sturdy. I love it! <end>  Lovely Silver Ring  This ring is lovely. I liked it even better than the picture. The leaves stand up, just ever so slightly from the vine, just like a real plant would. It is adjustable and that is hard to tell by the photo but it has worked out very comfortably for me and I adore the way it looks. I've gotten many many compliments! <end>  Ring  It would be a good ring but it dosen't fit. also, I don't like the fact that it is adjustable. I thought that it was a fixed ring. <end>
 B00064C6C0  GOTHIC Eye Sterling Silver Twisted Eyeball Ring size 10.5(Size 5,6,7,8,9,10,11.5,12.5,14) ||	  Ol' blue eyes  Looks fantabulous. The eye itself is a lot more detailed than i thought it'd be. &lt;3 <end>  EyeBall Ring  I love my ring, and it came pretty fast, was a really good price. But the glue that holds the eye into the ring did not hold that good. I had to re-glue the eye back into the ring, but that was not that much of a big deal. Still like the ring, would buy from seller again !! <end>  The eye follows you!!! It's too cool!  Product as represented - - quite a conversation piece. It will be great for Halloween. <end>  a dream come true  I had always wanted a ring like this. Some say it's beautiful, others creepy. But I love it..it's a keeper <end>
 B00064IWZ0  Turquoise Ring (size  10) ||	  If your looking for a men's silver and turquoise ring...  this may just be the ring for you. The ring pictured looked more green to me than what I wanted, but I was pleased to see the it was a nice blue color when it arrived. A tracking number was emailed so I knew exactly when it would be delivered. The ring is thick and smooth and fit is true to the size. I might like to see the price a little lower, but I still think it's well worth it. <end>
 B00064IWZU  Turquoise Ring (size  9) ||	  If your looking for a men's silver and turquoise ring...  this may just be the ring for you. The ring pictured looked more green to me than what I wanted, but I was pleased to see the it was a nice blue color when it arrived. A tracking number was emailed so I knew exactly when it would be delivered. The ring is thick and smooth and fit is true to the size. I might like to see the price a little lower, but I still think it's well worth it. <end>
 B00064OW04  Designer Sterling Silver African Amethyst Ring ||	  Beautiful!  the item was big, bold and beautiful, just as i expected!!!! however shipping took a little longer than i had hoped, but it was definately worth it. <end>
 B00064URPI  Chinese Money Dragon Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Chinese Dragon coin necklace  Very pleased with my purchase. Is a nice piece and exactly what I was hoping it would be. The leather string is adjustable in length. <end>  beautiful coin  This coin pendant is good looking and well made, I would recommend it to anyone who likes asian art or neckware! <end>  chinese money dragon necklace  my grand daughter loves it. she hopes it will bring her good luck for the chinese new years! she is going to wear it for 2013. <end>  Pretty and good  I love this pendant. I've bought two years ago and people still compliments it. I didn't have any problem receiving, the process was fast, and the packaging arrived in good shape. Also, as it was mentioned before, the picture is very accurate. <end>  Five stars  This necklace came very nicely priced and has a very sturdy chord. Coming from someone who takes necklaces on and off all the time I get really sick of chords/chains breaking. That and it also looks very nice.  3 <end>  Chinese Money Dragon Review  My first impression was how quickly the pendant arrived in the mail (it was literally only a week and a half for delivery to my door (in Australia) from Las Vegas. Exceptionally fast!The pendant was exactly how it appeared on Amazon.com. It was also quite light to wear (I hardly even notice it).I am completely impressed at the entire process from purchase to delivery. Everything was fast, and most importantly, arrived in a perfect condition (as if I purchased it from any local store). <end>  perfect gift  i love this neckless ! i bought it for my boyfriend for our six mounth. and i owed him a gift gor his birthday and christmas  / and saw this neckless and it compltetly makes up for all the gifts i owe. its very fancy looking and sturdy  ) totally recommend this to any gal whos looking for a kool gift for thier boyfriends. <end>  Nice Necklace, but....  This is a very nice necklace - with an adjustable black rope (which is cool). It is a little bigger, thicker, and heavier than I expected (hence the 3-star rating). I guess I was expecting something more comparable to a traditional Chinese coins. That said, though, the detailing on the coin is beautiful and it's a very striking necklace. <end>
 B00064URRG  Moving Dragon Wings Sword Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Outstanding Value  I love that this piece is unique and I really like the moving wings. <end>
 B00064US16  Iron Cross Pentagram Pewter Ring ||	  My Favorite Ring, Ever  I bought this ring once before, but I lost it. I loved it so much I ordered it again, but this one has a few changes. My older one had a flat band at the bottom, but this one is a perfect circle. The band is also a bit thinner. The cross itself looks more defined, however, and I think it's an improvement. I have bought other items from Dan Jewelers and they always ship quick. Definitely pick this up. <end>
 B00064US1Q  Long Face Gargoyle Pewter Ring ||	  I like this ring a lot!  I've gotten so many compliments on this ring while wearing it. It's outlandish and I love it. <end>  Almost Perfect  When I bought this ring it was a size 8. Its a lot bulkier than most other rings which turns that size 8 to about a size 10 or 11. So the finger it was intended for didn't fit. So if you're interested watch out for that. <end>  LOVE IT  The ring is very well made, and comfortable. The gargoyle seems to have personality in the few days I've had it... and WARNING  wear the gargoyle pointing up your arm, or his ears will stab your hand and fingers. <end>
 B00064US9S  Hardcore Motorcycle Biker Skull Pewter Ring ||	  Great Ring but some drawbacks  Enjoy the ring. It is heavy which is nice. One drawback is that it is malleable and has lost its brand new shape and has to be rebent into shap. <end>  great products  this was a great product. it was just as described and in excellent condition. great seller to do business with. thanks again. <end>
 B00064USA2  Detailed Skull Chain Skulls Pattern Pewter Ring ||	  Nice ring  Very fast shipping and came in a nice little bag. Good heavy ring. <end>
 B00064USFC  Inverted Cross Pentagram Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Not too shabby...  For the price this item is well worth the money. It's a good size, & seems sturdy enough to last a long time. However it doesn't come on a chain but that can be easily done. <end>  WOW! It doesn't get more Satanic that this!  Ever been to the jewelry store and wonder, 'Where's all the Satanic stuff?' Well thankfully, we can purchase all the jewelry we need from the internet. If you order now...it will arrive just in time for Christmas! God bless America! <end>  Awesome inverted cross!  This is a great product. The necklace it came with was just a cheap rope. I wear the inverted cross on my own silver chain. It camer with a few minor marks and one scratch. However, it doesn't bother me that much. Overall, I am quite satisfied with the cross. <end>  NOT satanic!  This is a St. Peter's or Petrine Cross it means to show humility before our Lord.It is also known as the popes cross, it's used as a Vatican symbol also.An upside down crucifix however IS satanic. This cross is a beautiful way to show your Christian beliefs.A little internet research was all that was needed to find this info. <end>  Amazing with little downfall  in general if your a satanist or someone looking for a inverted cross this is ahigh buy. The cross is just alike what they say the only downfall I encountered wasthe creek of a line I got in my cross like a sticker type creek. But hands downof most cross's this is just great. The rope it comes with is strong an easy tohandle to your size. The cross it self is real sterdy an just great looking. Onlydownfall of the look is the little hoop on top the cross it is in my vision wayto big just big. They should just down size that a little other then that no realcomplaints. The shipping was really good, the packaging was great an hands downif your in need of a inverted cross as I was buy this. I give this 4 **** / 5 <end>  Sick Necklace  Awesome necklace. It's exactly what i wanted, and i get nothing but "i love it" and "that's freakin awesome" from people.. great product, nothing wrong with it at all.. <end>  Not actually mine, but....  I bought this beautiful necklace for my girlfriend on Valentine's Day last year. I think it's great. However she does not wear it much... <end>  Save your money  verry cheeply made light weight ,Dans has some very nice things this is not one of them sorry,Dan Pennington <end>  Surprised  When I decided to order this, I was not expecting much at all. I figured it would be like every other pendant I've ever bought, cheap, flimsy metal and inscriptions that looked like a Kindergarten class had gotten hold of... I was surprised when I got it, first because of the timeliness and second because, when I opened the box and looked at the pendant, the piece was beautiful! Thick, sturdy, shiny metal, beautiful inscription work, and the cord it came on is even perfect. I can't wait to wear it all around. <end>  Nice...  I really like the look of this piece, it's wonderful! The upside down croos WITH a pentagram in it is awesome. But, I'm not to crazy about the eyelet at the top for the necklace to go through though. It seems a little fragile to me. I guess only time and wearing will let me know if that is true! <end>  Excellent service even for the strange!!!  Great service from a company who when a mix up occurred with my address took the time to notify me and get my purchase out quickly. Above average for a small and strange purchase which most would have considered not worth their time, would and have recomened them for further jewelery purchases.... <end>
 B00064USK2  Don't Tread On Me Eagle Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  This has mixed reviews from my family.  My husband thought that the picture looked nice and bought the pendant. He did not like it since the snake is not well defined. *However*, my teenage son loved the pendant. He thought it was 'cool'. He didn't have any problem with how the snake looked.So based on two people's opinions, I gave this pendant a mixed review. <end>  Pewter is not durable  I live an active lifestyle. When I wear any kind of necklace, I worry about it breaking. This is the 1st pendant I own made of pewter. When I examined it, one of the wings got bent. I don't wear it. I put a split ring on the bail of the pendant and hung it on my wall for decoration. I am very lucky that it did not break. My suggestion  wear it with caution. <end>
 B00064USMU  Scorpion Bug Pewter Finger Nail Ring Spike Claw ||	  CUTE  very cute! Hard to wear though but this ring is only for occasions. I wouldn't ear it on the daily basis <end>  Like it  Don't wear it all the time, but enjoy it when I do. Nice, simple piece of jewelry. <end>
 B00064USR0  Anarchy Spike Fangs Skull Pewter Ring, Size 9 ||	  quality all the way!  I bought this ring as a gift for my metal loving teenage son. It is first rate quality and was shipped pronto! I am quite impressed with the weight, art work and quality of this ring and very glad I bought it-- highly recommend <end>  Details ok.  The ring is cool, but the details could be a little better. You can see the line from the ring coming out of the mold. The ring wasn't cleaned up the way it should be. The metal isn't as clean looking between the spikes as it shows in the pictures (extra metal that should have been removed still exists). <end>  Great Service  it showed up very quickly and in great condition.The downfall would be that the ring image isn't very truthful because when it showed up it had literally no gloss to it.but if you're looking for a darker ring, this is perfect. <end>  It gets a circled A from me.  The ring shipped right on time. The one I got was actually shiny, where the one in the picture looks a little dull. If I were a complainer I would've had a big problem with the little extra piece of metal that was on one of the spikes. (I assume that was solder.) But, it's nothing that a pocket knife couldn't take care of. Anyone who's interested I would say go for it, it's totally worth every penny. Every ring with spikes on it can have a secondary purpose too. The spikes are fairly pointy... fantastic! <end>
 B00064USRA  Pentagram Dragon Star Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  pentagram dragon star pewter pendant necklace  i chose this 5 star rating because i thought it was very nice, and pretty. i wanted this one for a very long time  ). i have a couple dan jewelers necklaces, and yes they are very delicate, and i am very careful not to bend the necklaces lol. i like this pewter pentagram dragon necklace, because i like when its holding the pentagram star in it's mouth. it is very pretty ;). i recommend this necklace to anyone that like pentagram dragon necklaces ;). thanks guys  ). <end>  LOVE.  LOve this. My husband hasn't taken it off. Really hope I can find similar things for him. Great Necklace  ) <end>  Great Necklace  I bought this more than a year ago and it has held up very well. It is just the right size in my opinion. It looks great and I can wear it all the time. It is detailed really well and looks great with almost anything I wear. <end>
 B00064UST8  Dragon Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  great  Product came in great condition and my friend seemed to enjoy it too. Came on time also, I appreciate that <end>
 B00064USTS  Egyptian Egypt Fertility Cross Pewter Pendant ||	  Wonderful craftsmanship for low price!  I have in the last 8 months or so, had the great time of dealing with Dan the man. of Dan's jewerly. I have received 5 rings and 2 necklaces. All were splended, but my favorite has to be the Fertility ankh. It is very well designed and it will def. turn some heads with it's shine. A nice size peice, that will fit well on any chain,or the nice leather slipknotthat comes with the necklace.Shipping is also amazingly fast. <end>  review of dan's jewerly  All of my dealings with dan's jewerly has been great! <end>  NOT FERTILITY!!  I have been studying Egyptology for over a year now and actually know a bit of Ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphs...the ankh has NOTHING to do with fertility! Ankh simply means "life." <end>
 B00064USXO  Wood Ivy Pentagram Star Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  bobzilla  Some people wear a cross, I wear a pentagram. It's about an inch in diameter, and really does look like it was made from sticks and vines. The cord that comes with it is adjustable in a very nifty way. I just love it because i expresses who I am without all the gaudy jewels and unnecessary things. <end>  Wood Ivy  This is the second Pentacle necklace from Dan's Jewelers that I have purchased and I must say that I am more impressed with this one than the other one I purchased. On mine, it doesn't look as silver as the picture on the Amazon site, however the darker metal with black on the 'woodgrain' is actually a plus. Overall, I am satisfied with the product and would definitely buy this product again if it were lost or stolen. <end>  Much nicer than in the picture, very satisfied  I really like this necklace. I wear it as a symbol of my faith every day, and the pentagram, as well as the necklace cord, have held up very well. The price on this necklace is great, too. It is much nicer than it looks in the picture. The pendent is a darker silver and the "grain" of the wood and parts of the ivy detail are black, giving it a nicer and more three dimensional look. It's really pretty and Amazon sells it at a great price! <end>  Wood Ivy Pentacle/Pentagram Necklace  It's gorgeous, and the perfect size. I did change the cord, though, to one of my own chains. But, overall, I adore it and wear it everyday. <end>  subtle yet makes a statement  i ordered this several years ago. i love it! i wear a crucifix, star of david, budda, and this. great conversation piece. perfect size for either a man or woman. <end>
 B00064UT60  Blue Rhinestone Stars Angel Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  no good  It turned black in 1 mth, in my opinion you get what you pay for, otherwise its pretty when new but if you deside to where it ,it turns black. <end>
 B00064UT7E  Detailed Dragon Engraving Wraparound Pewter Ring ||	  beautiful large ring  This ring is larger than I expected. It is very attractive with a good weight and looks. Iwas concerned that because of the detail of the dragon all round the ring that it would not be comfortable but,this is not the case.It wears very well. I would buy again. <end>
 B00064UTBU  Shiny Black Peace Sign Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  GREAT LITTLE PEACE SIGN!  ESPECIALLY in today's world, to see a PEACE SIGN here and there is a definitely good thing! This one was promptly delivered, extremely reasonably priced, the seller sent a postcard with it (VERY surprised to see where it came from!), and it is of really good quality. It is big enough to hang from a rear view mirror in a car, or hang on a purse strap, but is also not too big, so that you can wear it as a pendant. If a guy wears it, the leathery-kind of cord that comes with it is fine, but I replaced it for myself (female) with a much thinner, satiny kind of cord. If you like peace signs, I definitely, definitely recommend this one! <end>  Peace sign  I bought this for my husband for Valentines, and he hasnt taken it off...lol. HE LOVES IT...It is very nice and looks great. Highly recommend it..Its a good size and the picture doesnt do it justice... <end>  Enamel/ leather peace  Very nice piece. I wounld have prefered a metal chain, but the adjustible leather has been a nice touch. The leather does fit in with the times that I started wearing the peace sign. I wore one through Viet Nam and after. I was looking for an open piece (which I found, in steel), but this is just right in weight and size. <end>  to much for this  Ok where to start lets go over the pros and cons of this productpros - it comes with a nic.. err black rope where you can adjust the lengh size of your pendent ....and um nothing else sorry...CONSturns black on you in just 2 weeks off usethe rope will leave a stain on your neck and shirtstoo pricy i saw this item AFTER I bought it at a small thrift shop for 4 bucksthe only shiny thing on this is the fake onixsmells like pure metal and will wear of youAll in all get yourself a sterling sliver one on ebay better prices and better over all material... <end>  very cool  Ordered this for my teenage daughter. Is very cool,but not dainty. She loved it and I would recommend buying this! <end>  GROOVEEEY,BITCHIN  OK IF U R A BABY BOOMER, WANNA BE FLOWER CHILD, REMEMBER WE ALL WANTED "LOVE NOT WAR" AND PEACE WAS IN OUR HEARTS THAN THIS PEACE NECKLESS IS A GREAT GIFT TO GIVE TO SOMEONE SPECIAL THAT REMEMBERS THOSE DAYS. QUALITY IS PERFECT, SHIPPING WAS EARLY NOT LATE AND REALLY IT'S JUST LIKE THE AUTHENTIC ONES SOLD IN THE 60' AND EARLY SEVENTIES - SO GO TO DAN'S JEWELRY AND REFLECT HE HAS GREAT ITEMS I'M SURE YOU WILL FIND SOMETHING TO CELEBRATE "THE GOOD OLE DAZE" MY GIRLFRIENDS WERE SO HAPPY & SURPRISED TO RECEIVE THIS NECKLESS FROM ME. THANKS DAN - SINCERELY, KAREN <end>
 B00064UTDS  Irish Clover Celtic Cross Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Great  One of the best necklaces I have ever owned. This stands up to the power of three kids and stays strong through every day wear. Great piece and would recomend it to anyone who needs a little luck of the irish in their lives...  ) <end>  Great product, just buy a new chain  I love this pendent!!!! It is a must have for anyone of Irish descent, it is very well made, I've worn it every day since I've had it and have had no issues.The only negative is the chain it come on, it's not a chain really, more like leather cord. Theirs no way I could ever fit my head in it, although it looked like it had been inadvertantly tied twice. I just went to Target and bought a sterling silver 16' chain. Something like this will work great BOX1MM Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1mm Box Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" Necklace <end>  Very very big  I didn't realize how big this was until it came in the mail. Too late to return. I like the metal and design but it's just too big for me to wear around. <end>  Great but happens to bend  This was a great buy and i love the piece, but one day i awoken with it on me that it was bent. The loop also bent later so much that i cant move it along the necklace. Also it is EXTREMELY easily to bend it by hand, even just as i did by just an accident. <end>
 B00064UTM4  Yin Yang Surfboard Surf Board Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Perfect Statement  This simple and beautiful pendant sums up my philosophy on life and my love of surfing. I can't believe the price! <end>
 B00064UTMO  Flying Headless Flames Skull Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Love the Skull  This skull necklace was just what I have been looking for. loved it. The quality is top notch for such a small price, came with a jewlry bag and every thing, the adjustable leather chain was really great for creating different looks. <end>  nephew loved it!  looked as good in person as it did in the picture. my nephew, who is going thru a "skull and flames" phase, is very happy with this gift. <end>  Awesome  I am a huge fan of skulls, and this is the best necklace I've ever worn, and I've had many skull necklaces. I never take this thing off, and I get compliments on it all the time. I ordered two extra in case I lose one or wear one out. <end>
 B00064UTOC  Celtic Cross & Fine Pattern Pewter Bracelet ||	  Mens Celtic cross pewter cuff bracelet  My husband loves this cuff style bracelet.Fits well on a small but very thick wrist as his. He has worn once, feels its to soft to be taken on/off too much. Pewter on this one is thin/soft. Non the less very cool. It is wide and looks chunky enough.Love shopping here, always a good deal. Dealer gives disc.card after 1st purchase and so on. <end>  sorry, NO GOOD  In all honesty, I have nothing good to say about this bracelet. I never, EVER saw pewter that would bend so easily and literally split into. The packaging was less than adequate and it arrived damaged. I tried to straighten it, and it just fell apart in my hand.I won't purchase again and can't say I recommend. <end>  Celtic Cross Ring  I loved this ring, but unfortunately, it broke. It was a beautiful and inexpensive ring. <end>
 B00064UTSS  Rasta Reggae Colors Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Rahtid! This ites, green and gold is faux-Rastafari  This pendant made of pewterIs really cute and chunkyThe colors and the long black cordMake it look sort of funkyHowever, I must warn youIt may make a Rasta frownThe colors are the wrong way roundIn fact they're upside downThe green belongs up at the topThe gold goes in betweenThe ites or red's the bottom layerBecause of what they meanThe flag of EthiopiaShould be the color guideGreen is the vegetation, andThe gold's mineral prideThe red placed at the bottomMeans more than sweat and tearsIt stands for Ethiopian bloodThat's flowed for many yearsOtherwise, it has one flawNo matter how it's tiedDue to it's rather awkward shapeIt twists upon its sideSo although it looks really coolAnd the colors may be fieryDon't wear it with your dreadlocksAs that just would not be irieAmanda Richards, November 29, 2007 <end>  Unique and for a rasta girl or rasta man  I purchased this as a gift for someone. I liked it a lot myself and I would purchase another for myself ---if it had more weight so it would rest nice when worn. A black silk cord works great with this. <end>
 B00064UTUG  Celtic Knot Pattern Engraving Pewter Toe Ring ||	  Wouldn't stay tight on my toe and broke  At first this toe ring seemed sturdy, but once I started wearing it, it kept loosening up. I had to keep squeezing it tight so it wouldn't fall off, and finally it just broke in half. I only got to wear it for less than two months. Would definitely not buy anything from this brand again. <end>
 B00064UTUQ  Light Comfortable Fighting Wolves Wolf Pewter Bracelet ||	  Not what I'd expected  The soft pewter clasp design is such that the bracelet would easily come off your wrist. The two wolf heads shown in the picture are the only wolf figures. Cheaper in appearance in RL than it seems in the photo. <end>  Nice Piece  The braclet is nice. A didn't receive it on time..but they were nice and sent one again and it got to me fast. As far as the braclet is concerned..its easy to put on, it looks like the picture online..maybe even bigger than I thought and I stayed on nicely. <end>  Beautiful conversation starter...  Another animal-inspired design from this great Amazon vendor! The detail is fabulous--from the spiral around the ring, to the wolf heads, to the snake clasp, to the snake-skin links! Fits small to medium wrists, and is appropriate for men or women. <end>  Comfy  I loved the bracelet. It's not as shiny as the picture but it is so light weight and easy to wear! <end>  pewter wolf bracelet  This is a great bracelet the only problems that i had with is the clasp... as soon as i got it the clasp broke easily i replaced it with a different clasp of my own but it was very inconvenient. all in all its a very nice bracelet however! <end>
 B00064UTXI  Neon Orange Eyes Alien Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  alien jewelry ... nice  Dont be left on the runway. This pendant is universally recognized by over 27 alien species as a get on my ufo and survive the coming cleansing .DO YOU HAVE A UFO PASS???;) <end>
 B00064UU2I  Celtic Crescent Moon Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  gorgeous  Abosolutley lovely, the only thing is that the main Celtic design is only on the front...but the back is smooth, so if you are looking for a sleek non Celtic design just turn it over!! but overall i love it. and am sure to be ordering another one soon! <end>  Excellent!  This was a great buy. I bought it for a some of my favorite young men, and they all loved it. My only regret is that they ran out of them. Very well made, heavy pewter, with a unique celtic design. I was very pleased with it! <end>  Had to buy another!  I took this pendant home last Christmas, and ended up giving it to my niece, as a way of peaking her interest in her Celtic heritage. I missed it, so ordered another for myself once I got home!  ) <end>
 B00064UU2S  Detailed Design Sword Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Hanging problems  I've ordered several inexpensive necklaces of a similar type to this one, all of which I've been happy with. This necklace was the exception to the rule, and is the only one I've never worn. This pendant looks nice enough, but there's a problematic design flaw. The cord or chain you use to hang the pendant around your neck goes through a metal loop which is behind the hilt of the sword (you can see this loop in one of the available images of the item). Unfortunately, this loop is over-sized and sticks out. Because it sticks out so far on the backside that should be laying against your chest, the sword is made to rest awkwardly and has to tip to one side or the other. There are a lot of other great necklaces for around this price, so I suggest you purchase one of the others which don't have this problem. <end>
 B00064UUAU  3 Psychedelic Magic Mushrooms Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  great quality & craftsmanship  Exceeded my expectations. Much better than the typical pewter item. Intricately detailed and good weight & feel. Is being used on a natural leather necklace which needs a little weighter pendant. <end>
 B00064UUHS  Gothic Moving Wings Bat Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Great necklace.  I've had this necklace for two years, and I love it. It's great for those who are into Gothic and vampire things, like I am.Another reviewer wrote that the wings often break because they move, and that's true. I'd advise you to super glue them, and be careful with the bat. I super glued his wings, and then hit the pendant against something and the wing broke off again.Aside from that, it is overall one of my favorite necklaces that I own. The necklace itself is adjustable, so you can make it a longer necklace, or a choker if you wish. ) <end>  Vampires Unite  I travel to the Philippines 3 X a year and everyone loves my bat. I only wished the wings didn't move, they are very delicate and break all the time. this is my third bat so I super glued the wings so it will last. Now all the women in the PI thinks I'm a Vampire  -) <end>
 B00064UULO  Sharp Goth Star Of David Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Nice  Very nice and good quality, it just doesnt come with a chain so you have to fins something to hang it from. But all and all good quality and very unique! <end>  Love it  I got this pendant for myself awhile back. I love it a lot! I wear it at least 3 times a week and it's very comfortable. <end>  Jews Got Style  So you thought you'd need to convert to get a nice religious piece?? Think again because the GOTH STAR OF DAVID is style with a unique daring! It can be worn at any length as well. Choker fan??? Pull the cord and boom, you can no longer breath! Like it low with swagger? Let up some and watch the thing hit other people as the pass by. Do it, Jew it! <end>  very manly  i bought this for my husband and he wears it when we go out , he says its comfortable and i think it looks great love it <end>
 B00064UUM8  Big Red Iron Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Wonderful  I bought this item to place in my car. It is very nice. The red reminds me of the blood of Jesus that was shed for our sins. <end>  BIG RED IRON CROSS  When I bought this, I was looking for something big and bold to go on a stainless chain I have. This was perfect. It's solid in it's construction. I would recommend this to anyone that likes a big bold iron cross. <end>  Red Iron Cross  We purchased this for Christmas for our son and he loves it. The price was right and the quality very good. <end>
 B000651I0U  Sterling Silver 2.3 mm Italian Diamond cut Rope Chain 22 inch Necklace ||	  Chain sparkles and is beautiful  Thiis chain looks beautiful. It looks like white gold and is a great buy for the price. Very pleased with this seller and her products. <end>
 B000659OJW  14k Yellow Gold Ladybug Baby Pin ||	  Very elegant, even for a baby!!  This pin although its a little smaller than I thought, its the perfect size for my daughter Angeley. Her clothes look very elegant when I put the pin on it. Everyone has commented on how unique and elegant, and of course, how cute it is. <end>  Not very well made  It was extremely difficult to stick this pin through anything. When we finally did, it damaged the fabric. The ladybug is so tiny you could hardly tell what it was. Definitely not worth $35 so I returned it! <end>
 B000659OM4  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Double Link Charm Bracelet, 7" ||	  Very Lightweight  This is a very light bracelet and is not suitable for the true jewelry collector. I think it would be great for a kids charm bracelet, but not as a gift to your mother-in-law ;0). I am not educated in the GOLD lingo, so I did not realize how small it was until I received it. After going out and really doing some research, you will need to spend around $200 to get a decent gold bracelet. Just my opinion...but a little more info would have helped me. <end>
 B000659ONS  14k Yellow Gold Pearl and Ladybug Baby Bracelet, 5.5" ||	  Beautiful...Beautiful...bracelet!  This bracelet is just absolutely BEAUTIFUL. It looks great on, and was easy for my jewler to inscribe my daughter's name. She has 7 letters in her name & they all fit just fine. Everyone loves how it looks. <end>
 B000659OPG  14k Yellow Gold Shrimp Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful, But Too Small  The earrings are beautiful and of good quality, but they are too small, the size does not match the the measurements that were given. I couldn't put them on they were so small. <end>
 B00065FZHC  Horned Lizard Iguana Chameleon Pewter Pendant ||	  I love the Iguana  The Iguana pendant is for any iguana lovers out there. The little iguana has a personality that shines forth. If you want something unusual, this is the pendant for you. <end>
 B00065FZNG  Stingray Pewter Pendant ||	  Great gift!  The product arrived in good time. It made a great Christmas gift! The detail on the pendant was amazing. Would order through them again. <end>  Great price and style...fiar quality  I ordered this because I love sea creatures and it was one of the more unique pieces I have seen. The pricing was excellent, delivery came on time and the product was as described. However, while pewter is a weaker material the loop broke away after a week, and thankfully I didn't lose it. I had to bend it back to its original shape. <end>
 B00065FZO0  Phoenix Bird Firebird Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful!  Much larger and heavier than I anticipated, very well made and artistic. It was a gift for my boyfriend and he loves it. <end>  too big  it is too much bigger than i imagined. edges are very sharp. i dont really use it after i get. <end>  Phoenix pendant  The pendant is beautiful, however do not try to wear it all the time. We got this for my husband and within a month the wing started to crack and is breaking off. <end>  Love the phoenix!  I loved this necklace as soon as I saw it! I get compliments on it all the time every time I wear it! If you love the phoenix, I recommend this necklace! Very nice! My fiance loved it so much, I had to get him one too  ) <end>  Great Gift and a Great Buy  The item was carefully packaged and was received faster than expected. Would definately buy from this seller again. <end>  Not the Best  the shipping was fast, this is a good customer service company. but when i got this, there was a scratch mark on the right wing and a water-like smear on the left wing, a bit too heavy - 25g. a bit big and sharp but that's alright.the blk cord was alright, dont mess too much w/ it tho, the afjustable part could break but u can re-tie it, but it still wont be too good <end>  Beautiful Pendant  When I bought this pendant, I thought that it would be very flat and with out any "shine" to it. I was surprised (and happy!) to find that it was shiny and almost glimmers in the light. Close up it looks a little scuffed, but that is hardly noticeable in daily use.I love the cord on this. It allows you to wear it right up against your neck, at the bottom of your chest, or anywhere in-between. This is one of the best pieces of jewelry I have ever bought. <end>  phoenix pendant really soars  The pewter phoenix is a substantial beautifully finished item. The cord is simple but has a nifty adjustment feature. A great piece for men or women who desire a larger pendant. Highly reccomended. <end>  wow nice  I bought this for my husband and he loves it. Really nice looking Phoenix. The item is so much better than the picture. I am very pleased <end>  Broke before he could wear it  I recieved this fast that is why I gave it 2 stars. The down side it was not nearly as clean cut as the picture shows, it appears like there were snags or something in the metal giving it a ruffer apperance.I loved the whole adjustable knot rope that is attached until my boyfriend went to put it on the first time and the knot broke. It would probably take more time and effort to try to get a replacement, so most likely I will just find a different kind of rope for the chain. My boyfriend loved that phenoix because it repersents something special to us. I just wish it would have been of better quailty, but i didn't expect a whole lot for the price. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  I love this necklace and I got it before I even expected to get it. I love it. Thank you <end>  You get what you pay for. But it's still a good buy.  I ordered two of these  One for me, one for my girlfriend. Shipping was great; The package came well before the Holidays. There were a few scratches on both, but hey. You get what you pay for, right?So far, my girlfriend has had no problems with the necklace, with the exception of it being too pointy. As for myself, the rope on the necklace undid itself after the first few days. But it wasn't a problem for me, since I could just easily tie it back together.I would've given five stars if it weren't for the problems mentioned above. Overall, this is a great buy for people with a tight budget! Especially for starving students like myself! <end>  Great Piece  I bought two of these, one for the grand daughter and one for a niece, they arrived fast and they are just beautiful! Not to big, just perfect for two teen girls. <end>  Couldn't be happier  This necklace arrived ahead of schedule and in perfect condition.It was the size I expected, as the measurments are right there on the item description, and the adjustable cord is just fantastic. With the size, heft, shine and the addition of the adjustable knots on the cord. this is something I would expect to find in the mall at twice the price I paid here. Truly a great buy. <end>  Very pleased!  Product arrived quickly. There were a couple of scuff marks on it, but my wife didn't care--and since it was a gift for her, I didn't either  ) She loves the pendant and gets compliments every time she wears it! <end>  Great Pendant  The pendant itself is large and substantial, good quality for the price. The cord it comes with took some getting used to. You have to loosen it to take it off, and tighten it when worn, there are no clasps, but it isn't too bad once you get used to it, still gives me some trouble sometimes though. I may eventually place the pendant on something with clasps eventually, but it seems fine for now. Great pendant that comes with a satisfactory cord. <end>  It's very unique  This is a necklace that will receive many compliments. It's a piece of artwork. It's a favorite of mine!! <end>  It looks great but . . .  it looks great but the cord got knotted and i had to cut it off my neck. <end>  shiny. lustrous. conforms. perfect  Good looking necklace, I brang it to high school, unfortunately, i almost had it taken away for it being a "sharp object." Looks great, gets lots of attention. and easy to handle, all you need is a few seconds of pulling and it's around your neck. even comes with a case! recommended. fast shipping too. <end>  Very Disappointed  The item arrived in a timely manner, but within one week it became cracked and a few days later broke completely in half. It was not from improper use or clumsy handling...it is just a piece of junk. <end>  Perfect  I was very surprised by this piece. I expected it to be a lot smaller than it turned out to be, but to my surprise the size was right on. It's very sharp, just a great piece in its subtlety. <end>  Very Nice!  This was a product for myself and I have to say that I am very pleased. The black adjustable cord was something that I did not expect but I do like it because it allows me to be a little more versatile with how I can wear the piece. It does have some weight to it and I must say that I am impressed with the detail of the piece.I have always like the Phoenix and what it represents and how it effects me on a personal level so I can really appreciate the craftsmanship that is put into this piece.I highly recommend this jeweler. I also love the small black pouch that comes along with it to store it. Great buy! <end>  Good charm but...  The cord was dry and harsh to wear. I found an old ball chain that fit in place of the cord to get more wear out of this great pendant. <end>  Like very much  Sharp edges was unexpected and I wish the twine was thicker. But overall, like the item very much. And arrived within time frame. <end>  Beautiful  This is hanging in a place that I see every day. It is beautifully polished and solidly made. For those who desire this image, it is beautiful. <end>  My Wife loves it.  I just want to thank everyone who reviewed this product. I need all the help I can get. Thanks again. <end>  Shining Phoenix  This necklace is easily the best necklace I've purchased in the last couple of years. Though the string had a few hangups, occasionally getting stuck, once that was replaced all I can say is that it was flawless. It is such an attention grabber even months after purchasing it I still get people bringing it up mid conversation. It really doesn't tarnish, and doesn't dull over time. This is an excellent purchase. <end>  More like a keychain than a pendant  I purchased this as a gift. It is a nice heavy weight. The design itself is beautiful. However, it is quite large. Much larger than I anticipated (even after viewing specs). The wings are sharp edged. It nicked my fingers a bit, like a prickly cactus. I can only imagine what it could do around someone's neck or to their shirt. For a necklace, I'm not all that impressed. I think it's better suited for something to hang from the rear view mirror or a key chain adornment (you'll probably snag your gloves or scratch yourself). <end>  necklace  I liked it, the necklace stayed true to what was said on the page. There were some small things like scratches and dark spots here and there that needed a little bit of cleaning. Other than that it's good. <end>  Adorable  Love this necklace. It was a great size and I got plenty of compliments on it. Great price cause I got it on sale too. <end>  Good, but too big for me  This product came extremely quickly, the company was quick with email replies, and overall it is a very nice item. However, there was a slight scratch on the front of it (I figured it was just how pewter items are) and it was much too big for me (I'm a girl) to wear. I'm selling it to a guy I know. <end>  Bad  I still have not received this item, not sure what is going on ? If you have any answers I would love to hear about it? Thankx <end>  no longer a birthday gift!  So I thought this item would make a great birthday gift for my brother... But when I received it and opened it up, I decided I had to keep it for myself! Luckily there's still time to order another for my brother!You'll see fantastic craftsmanship on this very nice unisex design. It would look great around anyone's neck. Dan's Jewelers does a great job packaging the Phoenix to ensure its safe arrival on your doorstep.It's nice that they include an adjustable cord, but I'm a clasp kind of person so I'll probably transfer it to another type of necklace.If you're ordering it as a gift, be smarter than I was and order two!   -) <end>  Great Job  A great place to buy from, while the item may have taken a while to get here it's understandable coming from overseas, and you get a postcard that someone actually took the time to write a message of thanks on instead of letting some computer do it automatically. Overall, good service <end>  Perfect for your rearview mirror  I've got this in my car, and when the sun hits it just right, it looks like the interior of my car is lit up. Very cool. <end>  nice piece but not for the classic type of guy  It looks exactly like in the picture. Nice design, but be aware its huge! I recently got it for a male friend, the kind of guy who only wears these kind of pendants in the summer. I was surprised to see how big it was, so I am not sure he'll wear it all. Anyhow Im sure it looks great as decoration! <end>  Very pleased!  This is an extremely beautiful pendant. I was also surprised at its size. It is bigger than you might suspect, but still a great purchase. <end>  Sharp Pendant  I had no trouble with and delay and the pendant looks great, which was a gift for my sister and she loved it. <end>  Beautiful but useless  I received this pendant yesterday and I can say it's not what I wanted. The size of the pendant is too big to have it around my neck. It would be a good idea to put a real picture with the pendant hanging from the neck to see the size. If I had known it was so big I wouldn't have ordered it and it's a pity because it's really beautiful but for what, decoration? <end>  Really Big  This is a really cool looking necklace and was just what I was looking for, but when I got it it was so much bigger than I imagined it would be. I read all of the reviews saying that it was bigger than they thought, but I still didn't think it would be this big. It's easily like an inch/inch and a half tall. Since it's so big it's too flashy for me to wear so it just sits in my drawer all the time. <end>  nice necklace  This is a very nice necklace. The pendant is a good size and is very shiny. The actual string is adjustable. One of the wings of the pendant is slightly pointy, but its edges add flair to the phoenix depicted. I hope it lasts for a long time. It's a very nice product. <end>  Very Cool  Have only worn it around the house but I love it. Very cool, can't wait to wear it out in public. <end>  Looks just like it is advertized.  It was a gift for a friend leaving the country. Turned out she liked it. It's quite nice looking and comes very neatly packed. <end>  Great Phoenix pendant!!!  Just got this because i love collecting pendants and anything Phoenix related and this is great. Exactly as described and received it at the expected time. Ive ordered from this seller before and have had no problems. The pendant itself is about the size of an adult thumb and has a fairly good weight to it. I wouldn't recommend this for kids tho as it is a sharp item. Wouldn't recommend sleeping with it also. All in all, this is a great pendant if you're into the Phoenix. <end>  Phoenix Fire Bird, Buyer  I was very please with this item & received it in a short period of time. It was a Christmas gift and the receiving party was very happy with this item as a gift. Item is of a good size & weight & seem sturdy for a man. Would purchase from this seller again. Very Happy!Thank you, CT <end>  nice  I loved the size and weight of this item it was exactly what I had wanted the only problem I had was the rope part kept untieing and I was unable to retie it otherwise it was a good purchase. <end>  phoenix fire bird  i love the phoenix bird the only problem was that the straw broke so i use a nover one thanks for the sweet necklace dan's jewlery place. nice to buy the pendant from you <end>  Great Buy!  I got my necklace today, wow, really nice and can't wait to wear it. Well worth more than the asking price that's for sure. Update  The leather necklace broke the first time I wore it, but that is fine because I had a silver chain I have since used with it. I always get compliments about it whenever I wear it, so dispite the leather necklace breaking I still love this piece. <end>  Awesome Purchase  I bought with this necklase with no expectations in how it would be, and I got in perfect condition. I deffinately recommend for people who are looking for an awesome Phoenix necklase. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  I ordered this for my daughter's 16th birthday. She loves it. It has slight scratches on it, but she says it gives it character. It is large, heavy and a perfect gift for a teenager. <end>  great  There was nothing wrong with it at all, it was the right size, it looks nice. the little piece of black rope it came with is dodgy but its not the important part of the item. I read most of the customer reviews on how it might take a while to arrive and i was pleasantly surprised when it arrived 2 weeks before the suggested arrvial time. <end>  very nice  this necklace is exactly what I thought it would be. Well crafted, sturdy, large, and absolutely beautiful!!!!! It matches one of my tattoos ) <end>  Just Like In The Picture  The product looks just like in the picture! I bought it for a friend as a present. I know he'll love it!  ) <end>  Wish it was smaller  Like the other reviews I think it's a little too big in size. I bought it for my son for christmas. He's not much of a jewelry person but He just went though some tough stuff in his life and is a big fan of the phoenix symbol. I'm not sure if he will wear it due to it's size, but I think he could use it for a key chain or just hang it on his rear view mirror. Other than the size, it is a beautiful pendant. <end>  A wonderful pendant  I bought this for a friend since we always thought of her as a phoenix. We tried finding a necklace of a phoenix for years but this was the best I've ever found. When she saw it, she agreed. A wonderful bit of work. <end>  Great quality pendant  This is a well made pendant. I wore it for awhile, though it may be a bit large for some folks. I really like it. I now hang it on my van's rear view mirror, where it looks very cool from the inside and outside. The Phoenix represents my Scorpio Rising sign, which reminds me "that no matter how bad a situation is, with this inward power we can all come back anew". <end>  Nice! But, a little sharp on points  This is a lovely piece. It is quite large, so, take that into consideration. But,I have sold to men and women alike. I'd give this piece a 5 star rating, if it were notsharp on the points. That's why only a 4 star. Dan Jewelers, if you smooth off the pointsso the piece does not have sharp ends, you'd have an excellent piece of jewelry. <end>  My friend adores this.  I havent seen this, it was a out of state gift for a friend. I was concerned about the size from other peoples remarks. My friend is a medium sized middle aged woman, she loves this and wears it allot. <end>  Awesome! Better than expected!  Purchased this for my grandson and ended up purchasing 2. Nice, solid, and I love it! Oh yeah, the other one..... for myself!!! <end>  It's ok.  I bought this for use with my own chain, so the strap was not an issue. However, when I received the pendant, I thought, this leather strap is not so bad! I would have at least kept the leather strap to switch out, except the only way I could get it off was to cut it off. Maybe I'm just impatient, and didn't feel like dealing with the adjusting knots. Anywho, I also thought "man this thing is sharp!" But after having it on a while, I quickly forgot I was even wearing it. I wouldn't want to be wearing it in a fight, or a car accident!! Looks good, but not AS good as some of my other stuff. I think the lack of symmetry between the wings is what bothers me. It also makes the pendant liste to one side ever so slightly. Maybe I'm just too critical?? So I think most people would love the piece, especially for the price. I think I would still buy it knowing all of this. <end>  Nice Necklace  this is not to big or small. it was very ideal and has fine qualityI really like me pendant. <end>  Like the Phoenix....  I seem to have risen from my own ashes a number of times so I feel a kinship with this bird/symbol. It is a very fine piece and since I thought I had lost my first one, I bought another only to find the first one after I'd received the second. This particular piece is really lovely, just heavy enough and the cord or necklace is very well done. <end>
 B00065FZXQ  Skull Bone Pewter Goth Finger Armor Ring Spike ||	  Great look bad quality  I purchased this item in November of last year for my son as a birthday present. He was thrilled to have it and immediately used it. After 4-7 uses, it broke in half. It does look great. But, it was poorly made at the joints. I don't know if I will recommend this product to anybody? <end>  Just OK!  The design is nice but the quality of the ring itself is less than average...it "cracked" when I tried to adjust it to my finger...it's loose (hence the fact that it's impossible to adjust without totally breaking it)...however, if you've got fat fingers maybe it would stay put?!?!?! Difficult to say...The seller however is amazing! I had a problem with my order and they got back to me via email within the hour!So I guess the saying "You get what you pay for" just really rings true in this case! ;-> <end>  OMG!  IF YOUR LOOKING FOR FINGER ARMOR THAN THIS IS THE RING FOR YOU! MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS WENT CRAZY WHEN THEY SAW IT. IT TAKES GETTING USED TO (A LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE) BUT I LOVE IT JUST THE SAME. <end>  Skull bone pewter armor ring  My son likes the ring but unfortunately the metal is so soft he is afraid to wear it. This will easily break if adjusted more than a few times. Shipping was great, item as described. Great seller. <end>
 B00065G04Y  Yin Yang Fire Sun Friendship Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Misleading  I was led to believe (1) the pendant was larger than it was (2) that the yin yang part had two parts. Instead, I got a pendant that was so tiny you couldn't tell what it was, and what made it two parts was that the fire sun part came out (and wouldn't pop back in. <end>  It's good but there are some problems with the advertisement.  First off the size is not 1.5 inches it's about .9 to 1 in. They come separate so it's great thing for friends that are close or couples. I wear mine and so does my best guy friend. The only problem is that they don't really fit together perfectly and the string that ties each necklace is adjustable but it comes very small at first. But it's small simple and very cute. I recommend it for anyone who wants a good couples necklace. <end>
 B00065G0AI  Safe Lock Chastity Belt Barbell Steel Jewelry Piercing ||	  Priceless......  I can't submit a photo for this purchase, but I can tell you it looks smashing! The only hiccup was the barbell that came with the lock, it is to short, so I have to buy another that is longer to accommodate me. <end>
 B00065G0BM  Celtic Irish Sun Star Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  An impulse purchase  I happened to notice this and decided "why not?"It's an attractive and it's designed well. It's sturdy, the back is smooth and the points do not poke. I slept with it on and did not notice anything.It has a double slipknot string which is tied well as the pendant does not turn to one side as happens with cheap necklaces.So far I am happy..... <end>  Beautiful Piece of Jewelry and Art  The necklace is very pretty and I suggest getting it if you like the picture online. It's even better in person. <end>
 B00065G0E4  World Peace Sign Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  peace!  It is not easy to find "peace" sign necklaces at an affordable price. I snatched one of these up and am considering ordering another. It is a bit larger than I would have liked but it is perfect size for a guy. <end>
 B00065G0G2  Irish Clovers Celtic Clover Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  One flaw but no biggie  The week my fiancee wore this pendant the clip came off and it dropped. It was easily fices by buying a couple of small rings and now it's the best. The solid look with a rough etch was perfect for this part irish, par indian girl. She loves it and doesn't take it off at all. The price was reasonable and delivery was fast!Oscarhttp //www.krossmedia.net <end>  nice  I bought this for myself as I was doing some christmas shopping, it is of great quality and very sturdy construction. I am enjoying it very much,thank you <end>
 B00065G0GC  Werewolf Wolf Man Wolfman Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  It's fun to wear.  It's simple and cool necklace. The size is bigger which is cool because some necklace have it so small that it's barely noticeable or have any detail on it. It comes with long black lace, which is one fit all size. It's great for anyone who like wolf or werewolf, and fun to wear at school or whatever. <end>  A good sigol  I bought this pendant as a gift for my beloved, since I didn't know his ring size, and I am very satisfied with this item. It arrived promptly and in excellent condition, and, best of all, my guy loved it and proudly wears it. This pendant is neither too big nor too small, and the details are wonderful, there is NO mistaking it for anything other than what it is, a werewolf. <end>  AWESOME!  I got this necklace for a friend of mine and he LOVED IT. The details on it is amazing and its the perfect size too. The necklace comes with a black lace that can change sizes so it really is one size fits all!! I would definitely recommend this to anyone. <end>
 B00065G0GW  Celtic Sun Irish Knot Star Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Great Product  I love this necklace. It was bigger than I expected. I love the fact it does not have "made in ---" on the back of the pendant. The detail of the knot in the middle is not as clear as online and the necklace is big so to wear it as a choker it kind of hard. But all that aside I would recomment this product. <end>  Nice enough  Detail in knot is very less than clear. Pendant is good weight and a good value at the price. Did not care for the necklace, a double slip knot, which kinda looked cheap and took away from the pendant. <end>  Very Nice  I was very happy with the pendant. It was what I was hoping for...a sturdy, handsome pendant. The detail certainly could have been a little better but for less than $10, it was great. If you're expectations are in the right place, you will be very happy. <end>  It is good enough for that price  I like it i bought this for me and look like very nice, i am glad that purchased this product thanks for magazine and amazon too <end>  Celtic Sun Necklace - LOVE IT  This was a purchase for myself & I must say it is great looking. The pendant works on the rope style necklace, but I think would be better if was on a chain (like dog tags come on). Will order more in the future! <end>  My Favorite necklace  I love this necklace, the pewter looks very nice and holds up very well, the rope however does eventually ware out after about a year, it is easy enough to attach it to another string though so it is not really and issue. <end>  Celtic Sunshine  I have ordered several pewter pendants from Dan's Jewelry and am always thrilled with the items. This pendant is no exception. The combination of antiqued and poliched pewter plus it's adjustable cord is a perfect match. Not too flashy, just an understaded winner with just enough weight to make it work for men to wear too. <end>  wonderful gift for the irish or irish at heart  Wonderful gift. My friend hasn't taken it off of his neck since i gave it to him. <end>
 B00065G0RQ  Southwestern Style Bear Claw & Feathers Pewter Pendant ||	  Looks better in the picture.  Nicely designed, but frankly it looks better in the picture than in 3D reality. A little on the cheap side, but fun to wear, esp for a kid. <end>  Good and Basic  I ordered this item for my son who just turned 1 for a first piece of jewelry/keepsake for when he gets old enough to wear it and I won't have to worry to much. The metal is duller than what it appears in the photo and it's not the same all the way around but it's sturdy and very appealing. The design is balance and not to heavy. My Great Grandmother and Great Grandfather were both full blooded Blackfoot Native Americans so this necklace allows me and my Children(currently pregnant with #2)to keep in touch with our culture and allow us to hand it down to future generations without having to keep it put up all the time and gingerly handle it. Great necklace and highly recommended. <end>  Love this design!  I liked the way this looked online and after receiving it as a gift and actually wearing it, I love it. The hanging feather detail balances the design perfectly and the pendant is a great size - eye catching but not unwieldy or tacky. It's on an adjustable length cord which I appreciate for when it interferes or gets lost with a neckline, though I personally keep it snugged all the way up to choker length. The only negative is that it's cast front side only, so if it flips over it's very definitely the back of the piece, not identical to the front. In person, more of a pewter color, not super silver like the photo. <end>
 B00065G0VC  Elephant March Parade Elephants Pewter Bracelet ||	  well made!  I love this product. The bracelet was heavier than I thought it would be, well made! <end>  Elephant bracelet  I bought this bracelet for a present for one of my daughters for Christmas. She is 17 and loves elephants. It was very beautiful and a great price. <end>  As a Gift  I bought this bracelet for an elephant lover toward her Christmas gift. She loved it!I was a bit worried that it would look cheap or be pliable but was pleasantly surprised when it arrived. It's a nice piece of casual jewelry (even came with a black velvet jewelry bag).I shopped around some too and couldn't find a piece similar for even close to this price. <end>  Perfect for Elephant Enthusiasts!  Even after reading other reviews, I was a little skeptical on the quality of this. When it arrived, I was very pleased. It's a great bracelet and perfect for anyone who likes elephants! <end>  Elephant bracelet was a hit at Christmas  My daughter absolutely loved the bracelet. The package arrived in time for Christmas and brought glad tidingsIt is comfortable to wear and fits well <end>  Exactly what I wanted  Good quality, good price, and a very attractive design. I could have spent more for this and still felt good about it. <end>  Cute!  I bought this for my mom for Christmas,ended up having her look at it cause I thought it may be too small for her wrist,but it fit perfectly and she said she loved it,so it's worth around the $16 I paid and I am so glad I got it for my mom! <end>  Very nice!  The bracelet is more than I expected. I am very pleased with this purchase. I would recommend it for anyone, young or old. I love that it will fit many different size wrists. <end>  Elephant Cuff Bracelet  The bracelet would be a wonderful addition to any Elelphant Collector-Beautifuly made. My problem was that I was allergic to some of the metal that was used in making it and it caused me to get a rash. Really disappointed in my own skin. I would reccommend this to anyone who loves Elepphants. <end>
 B00065G0YE  Southwestern Style Sun Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  sun necklace  pendant is good weight and thickness with sun design on both sides however one side the design is noticeable off center and slightly off on the other. also the design could be deeper in the pewter for better clarity <end>
 B00065G10W  Celtic Adder Snake Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  The product is good but not as good as described.  When I first got the product, I could only read the word, "Nion", on the back. All of the other words were smudged. The front part of the pendant was good, however.I contacted Dan's Jewelers (do it though email because calling them is a waste of time), and sent them a picture of the back side of the pendant. They asked for the order ID and after I got it, I sent it to them via email. They said that they would send another necklace and pendant free of charge. They also said that I wouldn't have to send the pendant, in bad condition, back because they didn't want to trouble me any further and that they only sold new items.I just got the second one today. Although the front has scrapes on it in some places, it's in good condition (not better than the front side of the first one, though). The back side of this pendant is better than the older one but the words (Months, February 18 - March 17) at the top and the words at the bottom (I don't know what the words are supposed to spell) are still a little smudged. As on the first pendant, I can read the word "Nion".All in all I like the product. I really like the fact that they sent a whole new one free of charge and I didn't have to send the first one back.HOWEVER, the product did not come in as good of condition as pictured on the product page (just as a warning to those who are thinking of purchasing this product in the future). <end>  Gorgeous.  This is a great piece, though perhaps a tad larger than I was expecting.I was very pleased with the item overall. Thank you. <end>  Adder slide pendant  Ahhh, yes. This, too, is much nicer than pictured. I immediately removed the leather neck strap, as I found this worthy of a much nicer sterling chain. Large enough to be easily noticed, but not overpowering, so it works well alone or as the center for other stone necklaces (onyx, tigereye, etc.) <end>
 B00065G13Y  Chinese Honest Pig Boar Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Boar Pewter Pendant  The pendant was no where near as shiny as is displayed in the image posted here on amazon. It appeared in dark gray, and looked cheap with its rounded and blunt edges. <end>
 B00065G184  Labyrinth Maze Design Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Save some cash and just put 50 cents in a gum machine!  My daughter purchased the OTHER Labyrinth necklace from Dan's Jewelry, and after waiting almost a month on the item I was very disappointed. It was shiny in the picture I saw, but the pendant that arrived was of dull sheen and contained many flaws--scratches, indentations, miscolorings. Overall, the piece was of gumball machine quality. My daughter still liked the necklace, but she loves gumball machine jewelry. You should save the $9 plus shipping if you are expecting more. <end>
 B00065G1CA  Goat Head Pentagram Horns Skulls Pewter Ring, Size 6 ||	  EVIL.................  If you're evil.....you'll want this ring.If you want to be evil....you NEED this ring!An EXCELLENT way to piss off Xtians. <end>  Very Nice, very evil  Alright so i bought this ring because i like the design and what it stands for. I'm writing this review because of the one star review given by a person who did not even buy this item, he or she just put it there to spout their nonsensical drivel. Anyway, i love this ring, its nice and heavy, well made, and quite durable, based on the abuse it has take so far at my job working at an auto parts store. The delivery was fast and on time, and only delayed a little due to the weather. All in all, a very nice piece i would recommend to anyone! <end>  A great piece of jewelry.  Dans Jewelry in general, and this piece in particular; are both amazing. Great price, fast service, AND an extremely impressive piece. Well made, attractive, and truly iconic. I've recieved many, many compliments since buying this ring. Thanks for the great work, Dan! <end>  Beautiful Ring  The ring is awesome, this company is awesome and delivery is quick and way ahead of time specified.Buy it! <end>  Ring is great  Bought for my husband, fits true to size. He wears the ring occasionally and it is a nice accent piece. <end>  Effective for warding off Evangelists.  Are you annoyed at being bothered while in the safety of your own home by unexpected knocking at the door? Are you even more pissed off when the perpetrator against your freedom, peace & solitude or extreme daytime sexual expacades tells you that unless you let them in and agree with their religious beliefs that your afterlife while be residing in hell? And do you have to restrain yourself from inflicting bodily harm to these walking sphincter muscules after they inform you that they are Jehovahs Witness? Well then this handy dandy Pentagram Goats Head ring will scare the crap out of them and add creedence to your claim of being a Wiccan. No need for Rottwielers or ugly no trespassing signs when this ring will help you in todays multi culture world. Craig Barr. <end>  Baphomet ring  I ordered this ring on a whim - I usually don't wear a lot of jewelry, and especially jewelry that announces my religious leanings. I liked the way it looked in the image though, and the price was good also. It arrived fairly quickly, and it came with a black velvet pouch to keep it in. The ring itself is heavy, which isn't a bad thing. At least you know it's solid, and not a piece of junk like so many rings are these days. It does not differ from the images shown either, which is good. All in all, I'm satisfied with my purchase. <end>  goat head ring  I love he reactoin i get when I wear this ring .It was even better then the picture on the web. <end>  Better than expected  I placed my order on a Saturday and my ring arrived on the next Wednesday. It was bigger and heavier than I expected, and when I put it on, it fit perfect and looked GREAT!! Can't wait to show it off. <end>
 B00065G1D4  Hot Fire Flaming Heart Flames Pewter Ring, Size 9 ||	  fired up  I bought this ring for my seventeen year old daughter who lovespewter. She loved it, as do I. It is very well made and well worththe money. <end>
 B00065G1HA  Udjat Seeing Eye Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Get your facts straight  The Udjat in no way relates to Christianity's devil, or is used by "devil worshippers". This is an ancient EGYPTIAN SYMBOL that actually represents the Eye of Ra, or The Eye of Horus. Good job demonizing yet another sacred symbol NOT A PART OF CHRISTIANITY. It's what you're good at. <end>  Great while it lasted  This thing was awesome while it lasted, however 11 months into owning the knot that held the eye started giving me trouble. however i did wear almost everyday, so im not suprised. but the eye is still in great shape and im still happy over that <end>
 B00065G1I4  Phoenix Bird Firebird Pewter Bracelet ||	  Great item and excellent customer support  The bracelet arrived amazingly fast considering that I chose standard shipping and live overseas, in fact it was 10-20 days early. Soa) that is a compliment to the delivery speed.b) the actual appearance matches the photo very wellc) it's surprisingly light and easy to adjust; overall I'm very pleased with the design.After wearing it for only a few days, a crack appeared in the bracelet just right of the phoenix's wing and it became nearly unadjustable; the next day, it broke. Whether it was out of a material flaw or my mishandling (I suspect I adjusted it too much, it should be adjusted once and left so if possible) I can't guess.Luckily, the company (Dan's Jewelers) was unbelievably helpful when I emailed them and sent me a replacement at their expense the very next day. I can't describe how much pleasantly suprised I was; once again thanks for the excellent and fast customer support. When I search for something in the future, I know whose products I will look for first...Right now, the bracelet looks and does just fine; I have taken care to adjust it only once or twice and didn't have any problems. I've already gotten several compliments about it and am very happy with the entire purchase. <end>  A ONE OF A KIND PIECE  It's a nice bracelet that is very affordable. I've gotten many compliments. When people ask where I got it, I tell them. <end>  Nice piece, thinner than I thought  This is a nice piece for a woman. If buying for a man, probably not, as it is rather thin.But, nice quality..although a bit easy to bend. <end>  Not impressed  I bought this and it was cheap, bendy, and should be a prize in a bubble gum machine. Don't purchase! <end>  Phoenix Bangle  Thank you for your prompt efficient service.The bangle was a present for my daughter-in-law (who is also my best friend). Baby Elijah was born very prematurely in 2006 and sadly lived only 11 days - since then we have come through terrible grief and then great elation with the unexpected birth of Lexie. Elijah will always be in our hearts, with the Phoenix representing our monumental rise from the ashes of despair - my daugher-in-law LOVES the bangle! Thank you. <end>
 B00065G1LQ  Southwestern Style Wolf Arrowhead Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Choker indeed  The pendant itself is lovely - now how the hell do I get it over my head? I know it's a choker, but come on. At least put clasps on it or something, I can't slip this over my head. <end>  Decent Pendant  The pendant is small but fairly heavy for its size. Well crafted and eye catching. Several people who have seen me wearing it have wanted a closer look and always compliment the fine pendant. I love the claw and two feathers that dangle from the pendant - it adds to the Native American appeal. I do agree with the other reviewer who said the design on the pendant more resembles a werewolf than a wolf... and the claw hanging from the pendant is definitely not a wolf claw  it seems to be a humanoid-lupine hybrid. My only complaint is the thin black rope that the pendant comes tied to. The string-like necklace will snap very easily. It is adjustable, so that's good... but I have to be careful not to fray of snap the rope. You are better off buying a different rope necklace or even a chain, rather than using the one provided. But all in all, I am pleased. <end>  Wolf? or Werewolf!  i really like this pendant. the design reminds me of a werewolf more than a wolf. very nice though. i reccomend this for people who like wolves, werewolves, or the full moon(o_0) <end>  It's great!  I got this as a gift for my friend, and she absolutely loved it! It got in just when it was supposed to and it looks great. <end>  AMAZING!  The picture doesn't do the pendant justice! The wolf head actually pops from the pendant in a sort of 3D fashion. I was worried it would be too small, but it really is the perfect size. the wolf claw at the bottom is a great addition! I'm very happy with this <end>
 B00065G1ZM  Claddagh Crown Fleur De Lis Pewter Pendant ||	  irish jinx  its amazing, after a bad breakup I wore this necklace for a month and then when I took it off, I suddenly felt better...no not really but it would be great if that was true <end>
 B00065G238  White Crystal Octopus Sea Barbell Body Jewelry Piercing ||	  Not so pleased  For starters the octopus only has seven arms. The arm pointing straight down is very pointy and really hurts. Within the first week of wearing it one of the rhinestones came off and the octopus started to become discolored. It's a cool idea, but not a good product. <end>
 B00065G23I  All Religions Truth Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  No higher truth  The item was original, beautiful and creative. However, the pewter is so soft, I don't wear it because I'm afraid I'll bend or break it. <end>  Great Spirituality  Purchased for a minister friend of mine, she loves it because it is so unique and covers all religions. Wished I had bought 2 one for me ) <end>  Awesome Looking and Motto.. but..  This is a great piece of jewelry, i love the thought put into the design, all the religions, and the motto is great. I mean, its pewter, its not like high quality or anything, but mine seemed decent. But it's just too big really to wear... it looks goofy as hell. Check the dimensions, and if its your thing, then great... I just wish it was smaller, the size of a quarter or something. Making the Star of David and the Ankh smaller, close that gap on the left and right sides... Make Ohm smaller, the surrounding ring thinner and closer... The Wiccan/Moon symbol a tad bit smaller.. All about the size of a quarter; then underneath, have the motto, smaller font. I think that would look nice.It came with a case and a really, really bad leather cord. The case was awesome, but the leather cord was so bad that I threw it away and put a chain on there instead. 3 Points for the creativity, and the layout... but unfortunately, the lacking and wastefulness of all that open space earns it no points. It's just too big and goofy to wear, but its cool to have, like as a display or something. <end>  Beautiful Item, Great Seller  This item is BEAUTIFUL, exactly as pictured. I agree with the previous post that the inner sections are so ornate and small that the pewter does seem soft and pliable. I don't intend to wear it when too active, however, (mostly for ritual) so I'm not too worried. Just be prepared to not wear it around children who may grab or when active in such a sense that it may catch, as you would with any special or nice piece of jewelry.The seller is also fantastic and a joy to purchase from  communicative, speedy, and customer-oriented. <end>
 B00065G24W  Fibonacci Chaos Spiral Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  beautiful  This necklace was one of the most unique pieces I have ever found. I loved it so much I ended up getting a tattoo of it. I bought it over two years ago and still wear it to this day. <end>  Nice design but flawed surface  I love the overall design and underlying math/sacred geometry behind the design. But the surface had a few pits which did make the design a little confused. I still wear it but just be aware the surface might not be as polished smooth as in the picture. <end>  Fibonacci Necklace  Hi,Product arrived in s short amount of time. Looked as was presented on the website. In short, it was excellent and met my expectation. <end>  Very Satisfied!  The necklace arrived in tip-top shape and was everything I expected! Next time I need a mathematical necklace, I will know where to shop. Keep up the good work! <end>  I thought it would be Dome shaped...  But, I wasn't disappointed. The design is extremely detailed. And, the one that I got was subtly parabolic. Which I actually love about it more. So, yeah, I can recommend this pendant. <end>  Very special necklace  The necklace is great. I especially like the black rope, which you can make smaller and wider. The delivery to germany is a little expensive, but pretty fast. <end>
 B00065H098  Tribal Clan Tribe Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Love the necklace...  ... but unfortunately, the string broke within two weeks and the pewter bends much more easily than I'd like. Search the web and find a better one. I wish I had done a better search. <end>  nice  I loved the size and weight of this item it was exactly what I had wanted the only problem I had was the rope part kept untieing and I was unable to retie it otherwise it was a good purchase. <end>  Queensryche  Okay, so this is actually the logo of a metal band from the early 80s called Queensryche. How do I know this? Because a fan saw me wearing this and asked me if I was into them, considering that I wasn't even born when they came out.The piece itself looks great. It's not 100% symmetrical, but that doesn't bother me because it seems hand-crafted. It does make good conversation, and I love wearing it outside a t-shirt or at the beach when I'm bare-chested. Just don't wet the cord or you'll have a hard time adjusting it, which may mean having to leave it on/off while it dries. <end>  Strikingly Attractive Pendant  This striking piece generates many compliments and varied interpretations by both males & females. Solid & of good weight, this nicely-sized pendant looks nice on the supplied black cord. <end>
 B00065LHHE  Sterling Silver June Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant w/ Alexandrite Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  Impressive  This is the second item I've ordered from Sabrina Silver and both the quality and delivery are excellent. Will order from this supplier again! <end>  Hope Grandma Will Love!!!!  Came right on time maybe a day or so early...Was everything I thought it would be. Now lets just hope grandma likes it just as much as I do!  -) <end>
 B00065LHHY  Sterling Silver August Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant w/ Peridot Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  It was OK but....  The produkt was OK, but it is a bit different compared to the picture. The top of the baby has more flat curves than the picture is showing, specially in the top + the head of the baby. It also looked very different from the side compared to what I had expected. It is about 3,5 mm (1/8 inch)thick.I didn't look bad, I didn't send it back, and I gave it to a friend for her birthday. So I liked the produckt, but was a bit disappointed about the differences compared to the picture. <end>  Birthstone baby brat girl is what I was expecting  I was very pleased at how fast I received this product and I am also very please at the quality of the product. If I find something I like again from this company I will order from them again. I highly recommend them to anyone who loves sterling silver . <end>
 B00065LHJ2  Sterling Silver May Birthstone Baby Brat Boy Pendant w/ Emerald Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  very sweet!  i bought this for my 92 year old mother in law, it is my son's birth stone. she absolutely loves it. it is very cute & well made. <end>
 B00065LHYM  Sterling Silver March Birthstone Baby Brat Boy Pendant w/ Aquamarine Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  brat babies  This and each order I have received from Sabrina Silver have been excellent for right merchandise and speed of delivery. <end>  Symbol of my Child  I wear this necklace to symbolize my son. He was born in March so his birthstone is AquaMarine. I've been wearing the necklace since I received it in the mail from Amazon and plan to wear it for the rest of my life. I am all about family and I'm very sentimental so things like this mean the world to me. <end>
 B0006696D0  Sterling Silver Filigree Heart Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Unsatisfied  I bought this product and within a week it broke. I took it to get fixed and to get this product fixed it cost more than the bracelet. This is the first product that I have been dissatisfied with and probably will not buy any more jewelry from Amazon.Com. <end>
 B00066D31Q  Sterling Silver Light Blue Color Evil Eye Bracelet ||	  Purchased for my 2 sons.....  I guess its what you can expect for a silver thin made bracelet lasted about a week and fell to pieces. But it was pretty worn for the little time they lasted. <end>
 B00066D438  Sterling Silver Pink Color Evil Eye Bracelet ||	  It is OK  Beads popped out of silver frame several days after I bought this. <end>  bracelet  Did not like the color so the company exchanged it for a color I liked. Great company <end>
 B00066IXPC  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Armor Half Finger Ring Size 8.5(Sizes 5,6,6.5,7,8,8.5,9) ||	  The Picture Is What You Get!  This review is going to be short and sweet, the picture is what you get. The ring is stylish and simple and goes with anything silver. The black allows it to match with whatever my wife wairs and has real good thickness and heavy weight so its not flimsy and definately won't bend when my wife keeps tapping her fingers on the desk or table ;) I personaly think its got a very classy look. <end>
 B00066WEH0  Filigree Butterfly Fashion Earrings ||	  butterfly earrings  A very fine web site, and plan to use your web site in the near future <end>
 B000675EEO  Pugster Jack In The Box Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Great Zoppeni look alike  Bought these and they are beatiful. Look to be the same quality as a Zoppenni. <end>
 B00067F3W2  14K white gold 2.5ct tw cubic zirconia round center tiffany style round and baguette side ring ||	  This ring is one of a kind.  It is wonderfull beautiful. <end>
 B00067PCK0  Sterling Silver 5 mm High Dome Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Great Shopping Experience  I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience with buying these rings. It was easy and convenient to order, and my shipment arrived so quickly that I was stunned. I am a very satisfied customer. <end>  High domed and attractive, drawbacks of silver hold it back  I purchased a Palladium ring elsewhere as my wedding band. I wanted something to wear when working with my hands, when damage to the ring is likely. I bought this, and a 5mm Stainless band. The stainless band is nicer for a few reasons. First, the silver color is beautiful but doesn't look like white gold/platinum/palladium, while the stainless looks very close. Second, the stainless is much more scratch resistant, this will scratch in the first five minutes you wear it. Third, the dome on this ring is very high which was uncomfortable for me. Fourth is that the silver is likely to react with some people's skin. I like the SS ring I also bought from Sabrina much better. If you want silver, this is it, but it wasn't what I expected. <end>  Exactly what I am looking for  I choose silver bcz it won't look gaudy and noble. Being a mortal, I prefer wearing sth plain but pure and clean. I am so happy to have found this ring. It is not shining and glaring. Rather, it looks gentle and elegant with nice shape. Once feeling "blurred" from the ring surface, just simply wear it and wash your hand with regular cleasing agent and it resumes its freshness!Every friend of mine who saw this tol me that I bought the right thing and it fits me perfectly! <end>  cherylg.  Nice ring. Arrived in nice sturdy package in a timly manner. Would recommend this company to anyone. <end>  nice looking ring  bought it for my gf, it is looking great and fit well. It is very good quality silver! <end>  delicate  The price was very good, it's a big sized ring but a little bit too much delicate... in few days not still shiny and with scratches (normal use! I didnt go to hike wearing it!!!) <end>  Great site  The rings I've ordered have all been beautiful. They have a nice tactile quality, good weight and finish. Thank you! <end>  great sterling silver ring  The ring arrived very fast and it was exactly what I ordered! Thank You very much! <end>
 B00067WO8I  PalmBeach Jewelry 10k White Gold Tanzanite and Diamond Accent Ring ||	  upset  I waited almost a month to get the ring, then when I got it, the stones are very tiny, the ring is odd shaped, & is kind of cheap looking. <end>
 B000687RBG  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B000687RBQ  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B000687RCA  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B000687RCK  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B00068CEBE  Sterling Silver Celtic Iron Cross Mens Ring Size 11(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Love the ring,  I have the ring on my left middle finger as I type this, and I couldn't be more pleased with it. I note that someone wrote about theirs turning color. Silver will tarnish if you do not care for your jewelery. A little polish, and it's bright again! I have a hard time finding rings in my size that look nice, and Silver Insanity has provided me with three so far, all of which are very lovely. I would give the ring more than the 5 stars were I allowed. Perfectly formed Celtic Cross, nice fit, real silver. What more could I ask? Quoth the Raven... <end>  Nice Ring  I have had this ring for about 2 years now. I liked it so much I bought one for my brother. I have received compliments from the opposite sex on this ring more than once. The only problem I have had with the ring is I lost it once, but found it about 6 months later. <end>  Terrible Service  Needed exchange and vendor never replied or exchanged. Terrible service, would never ever use again. <end>  No  It turned a funny color and then broke in the middle ...Bad Choice .... <end>
 B00068CEBO  Sterling Silver Celtic Iron CROSS Mens Ring size 11.5 ||	  Love the ring,  I have the ring on my left middle finger as I type this, and I couldn't be more pleased with it. I note that someone wrote about theirs turning color. Silver will tarnish if you do not care for your jewelery. A little polish, and it's bright again! I have a hard time finding rings in my size that look nice, and Silver Insanity has provided me with three so far, all of which are very lovely. I would give the ring more than the 5 stars were I allowed. Perfectly formed Celtic Cross, nice fit, real silver. What more could I ask? Quoth the Raven... <end>  Nice Ring  I have had this ring for about 2 years now. I liked it so much I bought one for my brother. I have received compliments from the opposite sex on this ring more than once. The only problem I have had with the ring is I lost it once, but found it about 6 months later. <end>  Terrible Service  Needed exchange and vendor never replied or exchanged. Terrible service, would never ever use again. <end>  No  It turned a funny color and then broke in the middle ...Bad Choice .... <end>
 B00068E692  Tommaso Design(tm) Emerald Cut Genuine Sapphire and Diamon Earring Studs in 14 kt Yellow Gold ||	  Finejewelers  I was very pleased with the communication with the people at Finejewlers. I ordered the earrings just before Christmas, but not as a gift. They asked if it would be alright to send them when the Jewelers returned after January 1st. I had no problem with this. The earrings arrived, as promised, packaged in a gift box, and are much nicer than they looked in the picture. It wa a pleasure doing business with them. <end>  DISAPPOINTED!!!  I am very disappointed with these earrings. The color is NOTHING like the picture. These earrings are very dull and very , very dark (almost black). No blue at all that I can see. I have since read that this dark color is the least valuable color in sapphires. Not worth the money. <end>
 B00068EC0K  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval Genuine Opal Earrings Studs in 14 kt White Gold ||	  Satisfaction but small  The help I received was promt and friendly. The opals were as described 6mm X 4mm. I would have prefered to have paid more and received larger stones, but the "fire" and clarity were satisfactory. I would not hesitate to order from this vendor again. <end>  Just OK  It was interesting that it took almost 6 weeks to get this product. Although it has a lifetime warranty, the gem stones were mediocre at best. I had purchased another set from a different maker about the same time for significantly less money and the gem stones were comparable. In addition, the 2nd product came within a week of ordering. I must say that the package was nice on this product. <end>
 B00068EDVI  Tommaso Design(tm) Heart Shape Genuine Garnet Earring Studs in 14 kt White Gold ||	  Very Nice  I recently purchased these earrings for my wife. They were everything the seller said they were, arrived more quickly than I had expected and were very nicely packaged. <end>  Exactly as promised!  Hi! The earrings were exactly as described, arrived timely and packed well. I would not hesistate to order!! Great price!! <end>  Glad I got them!  These Garnet studs are beautiful, great quality! My wife loved them!I will order from this seller again!Thanks! <end>
 B00068HRAW  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Andrea Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Andrea Charm  The charm was greatr, but the writing was a bit smaller than I persummed. Maybe if it was next to a scale, it would give the users a better perspective of the actual size. <end>
 B00068I9F4  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Julie Laser Charms Italian Bracelet ||	  Extremely disappointed and I regret buying this.  The charm I ordered is ridiculously small and the name "Julie" isn't even centered properly on it and is written extremely small and seems prone to fading away. I am totally unsatisfied with this and the title of the item itself is DECEPTIVE by including "Italian Bracelet" when its really just a charm about 1/5 of an inch in diameter. This is a complete waste of time and money. 1/10. <end>  disappointed  I have to say, the four laser links purchased were really nice and arrived promptly. However, the laser links are wearing off and fading within weeks. <end>
 B00068IJEA  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Nicole Italian Charm ||	  Buy with caution!  I purchased this link along with 4 others. This one is very nice as are the others that match what I actually ordered. The company, however, sent one incorrect link and was completely unwilling to admit the error or to rectify the error. I was only able to get a refund after filing a claim with Amazon. I do not recommend purchasing anything from Pugster, but if you do buy with extreme caution. <end>
 B00068SAK8  Pointed Twirl Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Really pretty and unique  These are lovely earrings-actually my second pair, I also own these in yellow gold. They are elegant in the twisted shape-you do need to wear them in the right ear,there is definitely a "left and right" design. Nice weight, not heavy, but not tinny or flimsy, and well constructed. <end>
 B0006A66MU  Sterling Silver 8 mm Wedding Band Christian Fish Spinner Ring oxidized background 5/16 inch wide, ||	  Beautiful ring, excellent vendor  I purchased this ring along with three others from Sabrina Silver. Everything arrived very quickly (about three days after order). All four rings were ordered the same size but two were a little small. The exchange process went very smoothly. I have read other positive reviews about this vendor and I agree. Definitely a recommended vendor.Of the four rings I got this one is my favorite. It is nice and wide but doesn't feel heavy. I use it as a thumb ring and like wider rings for my thumb. I have fidgety hands so I like the spinner ring feature. I spin it with the fingers on the hand it is worn on as well as grabbing and spinning with my other hand. With other rings I find myself pulling the ring on and off. The only reason I gave this ring 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the seam in the spinner part. One fish is cut in half at the seam. On other rings I have the design is scaled to the ring. Since this is a hand made ring I am sure there is nothing that can be done about it but it still keeps the ring from being "perfect". <end>  are you an anxious Christian?  I just recieved this BEAUTIFUL ring in the mail. To my dismay, I ordered a size 13, thinking it would be great for my thumb. Sabrina Silver suggests that you get your finger sized at a jeweler, now I see why. I can wear this ring as a necklace!!!! I took advantage of Sabrina's one-time-only exchange policy and have re-packaged this prize for downsizing to a 9, (first finger or thumb). I am all atwitter with ANTICIPATION OF RECIEVING THIS GORGEOUS RING, in the correct size. I don't remember when I was so disappointed! This ring is very well made, sturdy, polished...well just wonderful. Reminds me of my Maker. Sincerely, Cathy <end>
 B0006A66OI  Sterling Silver 8 mm Wedding Band Christian Fish Spinner Ring 5/16 inch wide Hand made , ||	  Jesus Ring  This is a beautiful high quality silver ring. I couldn't help smiling as I opened the box and saw it for the first time. I have been wearing it for several months now and continue to be very pleased with it. It is very substantial, not thin, making it an excellent man's ring. However it is very suitable for a woman (such as this reviewer) as well, being a nice alternative to rings with gemstones. I also like the spinner - moving band in the center - it gives me something to do to calm my anxieties other than nail-biting or other unhealthy habits. <end>  Excellent  Very nice ring. I paid over $50 for this ring that is now $26. The ring is very durable and easy to clean. The quality is superior and I have received compliments on it. There were some minor imperfections on my ring where the inner circlet joins but overall I am pleased and would buy this ring again ... preferably at the $26 rate. The ring is a little thick, heavy, and sometimes has a jingle sound due to the inner Jesus circlet. This is definitely a good buy! <end>
 B0006A66S4  Sterling Silver 8 mm Wedding Band Christian Fish Spinner Ring oxidized background 5/16 inch wide, ||	  Beautiful ring, excellent vendor  I purchased this ring along with three others from Sabrina Silver. Everything arrived very quickly (about three days after order). All four rings were ordered the same size but two were a little small. The exchange process went very smoothly. I have read other positive reviews about this vendor and I agree. Definitely a recommended vendor.Of the four rings I got this one is my favorite. It is nice and wide but doesn't feel heavy. I use it as a thumb ring and like wider rings for my thumb. I have fidgety hands so I like the spinner ring feature. I spin it with the fingers on the hand it is worn on as well as grabbing and spinning with my other hand. With other rings I find myself pulling the ring on and off. The only reason I gave this ring 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the seam in the spinner part. One fish is cut in half at the seam. On other rings I have the design is scaled to the ring. Since this is a hand made ring I am sure there is nothing that can be done about it but it still keeps the ring from being "perfect". <end>  are you an anxious Christian?  I just recieved this BEAUTIFUL ring in the mail. To my dismay, I ordered a size 13, thinking it would be great for my thumb. Sabrina Silver suggests that you get your finger sized at a jeweler, now I see why. I can wear this ring as a necklace!!!! I took advantage of Sabrina's one-time-only exchange policy and have re-packaged this prize for downsizing to a 9, (first finger or thumb). I am all atwitter with ANTICIPATION OF RECIEVING THIS GORGEOUS RING, in the correct size. I don't remember when I was so disappointed! This ring is very well made, sturdy, polished...well just wonderful. Reminds me of my Maker. Sincerely, Cathy <end>
 B0006A66UW  Sterling Silver 8 mm Wedding Band Christian Fish Spinner Ring 5/16 inch wide Hand made , ||	  Jesus Ring  This is a beautiful high quality silver ring. I couldn't help smiling as I opened the box and saw it for the first time. I have been wearing it for several months now and continue to be very pleased with it. It is very substantial, not thin, making it an excellent man's ring. However it is very suitable for a woman (such as this reviewer) as well, being a nice alternative to rings with gemstones. I also like the spinner - moving band in the center - it gives me something to do to calm my anxieties other than nail-biting or other unhealthy habits. <end>  Excellent  Very nice ring. I paid over $50 for this ring that is now $26. The ring is very durable and easy to clean. The quality is superior and I have received compliments on it. There were some minor imperfections on my ring where the inner circlet joins but overall I am pleased and would buy this ring again ... preferably at the $26 rate. The ring is a little thick, heavy, and sometimes has a jingle sound due to the inner Jesus circlet. This is definitely a good buy! <end>
 B0006A672E  Sterling Silver 5/16 inch wide 8 mm Flat Band Spinner Ring ||	  Not what it seems  This looks like a nice ring in the picture on the site, but in reality it's really rough. I returned it for my money back because I was really disappointed in the quality of the ring. For sixty dollars i was expecting something really nicely fabricated, but the outside piece didn't spin properly (at a certain point i had to force it to spin), the saldering at the seam was awful and obvious, and there were notches and imperfections all over it. Just really disappointingly poor quality. Don't trust the picture. <end>  sterling silver 5/16" flat band spinner ring size 7  I loved this ring as soon as I saw it! The spinner part spins perfectly and the craftsmanship is beautiful.No flaws that I can see or feel. Solid feel to it. Definitely a bargain for the price. Would recommend the products from Sabrina. <end>
 B0006AAOXC  Pink-White-Black Bazooka Stripe Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Not a big fan  I recieved this through the mail, and I bought it because it looked very pretty. It was pretty, but when I put it in my tongue the bottom ball was stripped of threading and it wouldnt screw on and I couldnt use it! So i was very dissapointed with this product! <end>  LOVE IT  Very Cute, Durable, Affordable price, On-Time Shipping... I Get Compliments for it all the time... even my mother & Father(In Law) who are old school Thought It's CUTE!So Yea, I definitely recommend it! =D <end>
 B0006AAP0O  Pink Illusion Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Love it  I absolutely love this item. In fact I just ordered another one. It blends right in with the color of my tongue so I am able to wear it at work with no problems. <end>  Love it!  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted (which is pretty hard to find now a days) it's a see through color. <end>
 B0006AAP9U  Ny Apple Black Post Flexible Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  The Flyest  I LIKE THE TOUNGE RING. FOR ONE THING, IT'S RED AND RED IS MY FAVORITE COLOR. THIS IS MY FIRST TIME ON THIS WEBSITE, AND I'M LOVING IT! <end>
 B0006ABS0K  Musical Movements - Plays "Over The Rainbow" (Set of 2) ||	  Sankyo movements are great  I use these in crocheted stuffed animals and they are my favorite brand.18 notes is just a short section of the song, and fully wound it only plays for a short time, these are smaller movements meant for stuffed animals and toys. The white plastic case encloses the movement and also works kind of like a sound box.The tone on these is wonderful, a step above the movements made found in most toys. Good quality, it has more of a chime sound then a tinny sound.If you are using it for a crocheted toy, you'll place the movement in the toy, then push the key through the crochet fabric (I usually leave a chain 1 space in a single crochet fabric to make room for the peg, and then tighten the key into place. Stuff firmly around the music box to hold it in place, I recommend putting this in towards the bottom of a stuffed toy because of the weight with the key facing the back. <end>
 B0006ABSZK  Silver Forest Cascade Crescent Earrings ||	  Sun, Moon and Stars  These earrings are so delicate looking, but are really well made. They are fun, touting expressions of nature. Very earthy. I like it when I have jewelry that says "me" when I see and/or wear them, these do. I learned they hard way, to wear those little plastic backs to avoid losing them. <end>  Blue Silver Forest earrings.  Very nice earrings. You can dress up or down for any occasion. I Love Silver Forest Earrings, high quality, just right. <end>  Great earings  They are beautiful and reasonably priced so I ordered them. They are just the type of earring that I wear. <end>  Beautiful  I bought these earrings for my mother who can only wear Silver Forest earrings. I have to say that I wanted to keep them for myself when I seen them, but I did give them to her for xmas and she loved them. <end>  Great, fun earrings  These earrings are such fun to wear, and lots of people have noticed them and complimented them. Be great present for someone. <end>  Star Shine  I initially bought them because of the blue and gold and my daughter used to really enjoy celestial prints and colors. They didn't disappoint. I am till trying to find something "celestial" to wear them with c) <end>  Love these  The first time that I wore these I got lots of great comments on them. Someone even offered me twice what I paid for them, but I sent them to order them instead. <end>
 B0006AZ7NO  Tommaso Design(tm) Emerald Cut Genuine Sapphire and Diamond Pendant ||	  Nice Necklace however stone is a little dark  The necklace is great and she loves it. The only gripe I have is that the stone is extremely dark colored and I would have liked a more vibrant sapphire blue at least more blue such as the online picture depicts; other than that the necklace is great. <end>
 B0006AZCTI  Tommaso Design(tm) Clover Cut 8mm Faint Blue Genuine Aquamarine Pendant ||	  Beautiful - girlfriend absolutely loved it!  At first I was very intimated about buying jewelry online. After reading the reviews I decided to purchase this pendant (which came with a very nice chain) and the matching earrings for my girlfriend. The jewelry came in a beautiful wooden box which adds a great touch to the gift. As for the pendant it was more then I imagined. Large in size, clear & clean cut -- everything you could wish for then more. My girlfriend absolutely loved it! Fine Jewelers, INC. made it a very easy hassle-free transaction with super fast shipping!! I'll be back for sure! <end>  good gift for Mama, quick delivery!  I like the color of the aquamarine, it is my favorite light blue. it is a great gift for my Mama's birthday. The red wood-made box makes the necklace more gorgeous. <end>  M wife Love it  My wife love it, and every one at her work place wanted to know where she got it. Its a very beautiful Pendant the diamonds or sparkling beautiful. <end>  Aquamarine Pendant was beautiful!!  This pendant was beautiful! It wasn't as blue as I had hoped but the quality was more than amazing anyway. Also, thank you for your wonderful service as well. <end>  sparkle plenty  received before wife's birthday but did not want to spoil box presentation by opening it beforehand. Fancy restaurant and server presented with dessert tray. Said "look at the size of that diamond". People stared and we had to explain it was a birthstone. Wife thinks clasp is related to Pisces somehow and it extremely happy with it. Ordered earings. <end>  Don't Bother  This stuff looks like plexiglass. No color, dull, and very unattractive. Not even sure if it is an aquamarine stone. Don't waste your money. <end>  Poor description of product.!1  All the advertisements of the product show a nice Aquamarine color stone. When you get the item it is nothing but a clear piece of whatever. Plus when you return the item you have to pay. Not a nice way to do business.. <end>
 B0006B0T2M  Jewelry Cleaning & Polishing Cloth ||	  shines jewelry without the mess  I love this cloth because it is so convenient. I have been using this type of cloth for years. It does the job of shining jewelry and it is not messy. <end>
 B0006BK5OY  Kendal Pro Ultrasonic Cleaner ||	  Hard to Rate  It's very hard to rate this product. The instructions are minimal. I bought it for dentures but, can't tell about it's process. I find the dentures somewhat cleaner but am concerned about the product itself. How frequently should the powder solution be changed? Does something need to be done to clean the product? What is the powder for (is it for jewelry, instruments, dentures or all of the above)? What are appropriate settings for various items? Would denture powder work in the machine? There are about two lines of directions and that's not enough <end>  Happy, it cleans very well  I bought this ultrasonic cleaner to clean jewelry. I was so pleased with the way the jewelry came out, I threw in other metal stuff (tweezers, etc.).What I am the happiest with is how my glasses come out of it! I can put 2-3 paris in at a time and they come out looking perfect!!I have also cleaned my husband's watch.This unit is good for everything! <end>  Kendal Pro Ultrasonic Cleaner  I only used this once. It worked great when I cleaned multiple items (watch, ring, silver chain) with a liquid jewelery cleaner. I think the jewelery cleaner and the ultrasonic machine makes a good cleaning combination. I plan to use it to clean SCUBA regulator parts using vinegar. <end>  Good for jewelry, not so for else  I bought this ultrasonic cleaner primarily to clean spent cases for reloading purposes. It has big enough volume to handle .308 Winchester cases. What I've discovered is that brass takes extremely long time to clean. Jewelry, on the other hand, are very easy to clean. May be that's because gold & silver are softer. I don't know whether there are better cleaners out there, but this one does the job, albeit slow. <end>  Forget It.  35 Watts maybe just isn't enough power. I am very disappointed with the outcome after using it. It didn't clean anything much at all. I would let this one go! <end>  Does absolutely nothing  This doesnt seem to clean at all. I think you have to pay the money and get your jewelry professionally done <end>  Ultrasonic is ultra-good  My wife wanted an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner under $100.00. I shopped around and there are a lot on the market. For the price, this one does a fine job. Honestly, my wife has received more complements on her ring in the past two months, than she has in the past year. I bought it for her in Dec, 06 and she's still thanking me ... every time someone notices her ring. <end>  My Jewelry has never been prettier  I needed a jewelry cleaner for several items I wanted to clean, but couldn't clean with cleaning solution and wipes. I needed something that could clean around lettering, but wouldn't damage very valuable pieces. My biggest trial was testing this on two necklaces I own  one is almost pure silver from Iraq, and the other is white gold with an opal stone. When I finished with the first cleaning, both necklaces were absolutely stunning! I was quite impressed. <end>  so far so good  i had been using it twice to clean all my jewelries such as rings, earrings, and a watch. it does not clean so well on small items, but once i pre wash it, and brush it then it cleans very well. Once it cleans, the items looks polish and new again. I will have give it 5 stars if i dont have to pre wash my rings and ear rings. <end>  Great Cleaner  This is a great product!!! My home burned and all my jewelry had a smoke coating. The gold looks like new and stones are bright and sparkling.It doesn't remove silver tarnish, but after the smoke was gone a silver cloth quickly brought the shine back. Thank you for this great cleaner! <end>  What a cleaner!  I ordered this cleaner for my sis for her birthday. She is really happy with it and cleans many items besides jewelry. I would recommend this product for anyone! <end>  Great  This jewelry cleaner really works good..and so easy to use. Results are good especially for old jewelry. I highly reccomend this product <end>  jewlery cleaner  This product works well to clean all kinds of jewlery with just water. It is more effective when used in conjunction with soap. <end>  Easy Clean Job  I used to use my company's lab U.S. cleaner. Now we have ours. My wife loves it for her jewlery.That's a good reason to give this machine a good rating.Tough jobs may have to be repeated twice or more but they get cleaned. <end>  Excellent Jewelry Cleaner  This product is fantastic. I high recommend this product as a must buy! It is amazing. I had small diamond studs I had not cleaned in over a year. I bought also the liquid cleanser which is safe for this machine. I cleaned the diamonds twice only with water. I was amazed. There was only a tiny bit of dirt inside the base of the stud. I used the liquid cleanser as recommended by the manufacturer - like new diamond studs again. I have used this on my whole jewelry collection - everything is sparkling just like new. Forget about soaking your jewelry in these store bought cleansers - buy this machine!!!! You will save a lot of money and your jewelry will look like new.A1+++++++++++++++++++++++ product review!!!! <end>  My third cleaner and I love it!  I have had ultra sonic jewelery cleaners for years...this is my 3rd one. It is also the least expensive one and it does a terrific job. I use mine every day for whatever jewelery I am wearing and my eye glasses. My husband uses it too. I bought this one about 6 months ago and buying one for my granddaughter for Christmas.Joanie V <end>
 B0006DN3X2  Silver Celtic Knot and Green Crystal Heart Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  100% satisfied  There isnt much i can say about this item just that the picuture doesnt do the item justice and the seller was great to deal with easy transaction and no problems! <end>  great  This is a very nice ring, I bought one for a gift and decided to keep it myself and ordered another <end>  Beautiful ring!  I love this ring so much. The green stone is beautiful and the overall design of the ring is simple yet elegant. I bought this for myself because I was looking for something with some green to wear and I am so glad I chose this one. <end>
 B0006DN3XW  Sterling Silver Fleur De Lis Filigree Amethyst Ring Size 7(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Very pretty ring!  A very pretty ring with my favorite gemstone in it! Perfect size for my finger, too! <end>  Beautiful, Comfortable, Inexpensive  A great ring! Looks good and feels good on and you can't beat the price! <end>
 B0006DN73S  Open Celtic Knotwork Sterling Silver Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  beautiful little ring  I was looking for a ring that had clearly engraved celtic knotwork on it. I bought this ring and am perfectly delighted with it! The silver is slightly thinner than I had hoped, so I do worry that it might become misshapen quickly, but hopefully if I am careful that won't be a problem. Using Amazon's sizing chart worked perfectly too. I looked all over the Amazon site and this ring was the only one I found that was this styling... or at least the only one like this that didn't cost an arm and a leg. <end>  Beautiful But Fragile.  I love this ring.Bought it earlier last year, and I absolutley loved it!But a few weeks a go i took a bad fall and this thing bended a bit.. now today It bend enough to snap =/Beautiful ring, but be careful with it. <end>
 B0006DN7PG  Silver Venusian Pentagram Love Charm Pendant Necklace ||	  No what I was exspecting  I thought it was too small. People have to get in your face before they can see all the beautiful detail. That is my only complaint about it. It is very pretty, but just too small. I think it would of been nicer if it were bigger, but I still like it & still will wear it. <end>
 B0006DQ85C  Pugster Rectangular Light Grey Watch Gift Fashion Jewelry Hand Painted Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Great watch  This shape and style is a wonderful addition to my Italian charm bracelet. It is such an easy, functional piece to wear. <end>
 B0006DQDDY  Pugster I Heart Wiener Dog Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  cute dachshund charm!  I received my charm last week, and I love it! It's adorable, and looks great on my charm bracelet. Sturdy and bold type so it's easy to read. I love having a charm to show tribute to my dachshunds  ) Very cute charm, I would highly recommend it! <end>
 B0006DQLM2  Pugster Happy Face Heart Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  so cute!  So cute, adorable. I love this charm stands color to my bracelet swell as a cute little smile. I highly recommend getting this. Very well made and I have had no problems with it. <end>
 B0006DQPS2  Pugster License Plate Alaska Italian Charm Bracelet Bracelet Link ||	  Buy with caution!  I purchased this link along with 4 others. This one is very nice as are the others that match what I actually ordered. The company, however, sent one incorrect link and was completely unwilling to admit the error or to rectify the error. I was only able to get a refund after filing a claim with Amazon. I do not recommend purchasing anything from Pugster, but if you do buy with extreme caution. <end>
 B0006FTH9Y  Completely Handcrafted - Designer Sterling Silver Top Fire Moonstone Pendant ||	  Very beautiful workmanship!!  My purchase was great. It was represented just as it really was. The quality is amazing and I was kept informed at all stages of the transaction. Will order again! <end>
 B0006G0LQ6  Tommaso Design(tm) Round 7mm Genuine Sapphire and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful Sapphire Ring  I ordered this as a gift for my niece. She loved it! The sapphire color is a deep navy accented by the clear diamonds. The ring I ordered is yellow gold and it accents the sapphire quite nicely. Setting is open so light filters to the base of the main stone. Well worth the price. I would recommend this ring to anyone. <end>
 B0006G0R7O  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 6x4 mm Genuine Pink Tourmaline and diamond Ring ||	  Perfect birthday gift  With her favorite color being pink and her having few pieces of jewelry, this was the perfect gift for a favorite friend of mine. The workmanship was great and the color and clarity of the main tourmaline stone was outstanding. Although the diamonds were small they definitely helped the the ring catch in sunlight when outside. The ring design is simple, yet very elegant, and my friend (and HER friends) thought it was very beautiful.The item I ordered was actually size 5. She has small hands, but not size 4 small! <end>
 B0006G15V6  Tommaso Design(tm) Trillion 7mm Genuine Pink Tourmaline and Diamond Ring ||	  Pink Tourmaline ring  This is a pretty ring. On the plus side, the fit is perfect, the stones are right-sized for the price and the company does everything possible to make sure you are happy with your purchase. The rings from this company (Finejewelers) come in a choice of gold color and you just choose your size and they create it. I would buy from them again. I was a little disappointed that the picture that was shown was quite a bit larger than what arrived in the box but that is typical of on-line jewelers. Also, I was expecting a more fuschia-colored stone but I believe I would have paid more for it. <end>
 B0006G8L9A  Lee Angel Gold Filigree Drop Earring ||	  Pretty, but poor quality  These earings are very pretty. I actually bought them to wear for my wedding. When I first got them and tried them on, the metal making up the earring was so soft, the hook to go in the ear bent. It was really dissapointing. I guess I'll only be able to wear them that one day. <end>
 B0006GC40C  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Polished Dome Spinner Ring ||	  Dome Spinner  Product was as described, I am happy with the ring and play with it often. I do warn you its a bit larger on your finger then a normal ring. When it was first taken out the spinner jammed a little but with repeated use it spins just fine now. Hope this was able to help. <end>
 B0006GC4A2  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Foot Print Spinner Ring ||	  Overpriced  I bought this ring to replace one that I got from a market in mexico. The rings were virtually the same,but on this one the join in the centre band was crooked with 1/2 a foot cut off looking like a paw just like other review. The only difference is that I got the one in mexico for $3.00. This is way overpriced. <end>  Disappointing  This is a very poorly made, cheap-looking ring. When it arrived, I contacted the company because of its poor quality (it had a dent on the main band; one of the feet was "smeared" onto the edge of the ring; the black finish was bare in a spot; and at the join was a foot that looked more like a paw). Their customer service is great and they sent me a replacement along with a return label for the first. Unfortunately the second ring was as bad, if not worse, than the first. <end>
 B0006GC4LQ  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Foot Print Spinner Ring ||	  Men's spinning feet ring  WOW. What can be said???Totally amazed with this product.From the order process to the packaging to me...flawless.Would give them a 6 out of 5.Highly recommendable.Thanks so much. <end>  Sterling Feet Ring  I really like this ring. I like the fact that it is sterling because it can handle being worn all the time. I like the size of it and the feel of it. The fact that it spins is a fun bonus. <end>  This ring is unique and both MEN & WOMAN can wear  the "spinner" rings are catching on quick. The first time you get one, you "wondering why" did -----but wait...you notice that the inner ban of the ring 'spins' around. The can be used as wedding band - NOT TO replace the ones that were exchanged at the wedding - But think of some other things may be doing - working on a car - working in the yard -pulling weeds - woking places that are not that clean and you just don't want to risk damaging or losing a solid gold ring. And during the summer,I get right into the pool with my spinner ring on <end>
 B0006GCEAM  Miss America Princess Crown Sterling Silver Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Very nice  This ring lives up to the pictures! It is solid which is good. The top of the crown does kind of angle up. So it's not a flat ring. I don't think you can really see that in the pictures. Seems true to size. My daughter loves it! <end>  Absolutely gorgeous, not to mention the complements!  I love this ring. It came right on time. It is so unique and a great price. Well worth it highly recommended. &lt;3 <end>  AWESOME!  This is the best ring I own! It's absolutely beautiful! Fit's well and looks just like the pictures. Shipping was quick, recieved it in less than a week. Great seller! 2 thumbs up! <end>  Lovely Ring  I gave this ring 5 stars because I absolutely love it. I've had it for a while now and it still looks new. <end>
 B0006H6DKS  1/3 TCW Round Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Ear Pins &quot;X&quot; and &quot;O&quot; Ear Cuff ||	  these are fun  The reality is that my husband had bought earrings exactly like these for me, but with real diamonds. Sadly they were stolen from our house. I bought these zircons and I love them - no guilt wearing them and they are fun and edgy! <end>
 B0006HAIZ4  Sterling Silver Mariner 20 Inch X 3.5 mm Anchor Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  quality chain  I've worn this chain a couple of times, and it seems very well made. The only thing, which prob can't be helped,is that if you wear it without a charm the clasp slips down constantly. But like i said, it's well made and has the nautical feel i was looking for. <end>
 B0006HAJZI  Sterling Silver 30 Inch X 2.0 mm Box Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Fine sterling chain  I paired this chain with a Celtic Cross I recently purchased for my husband. It is delicate yet very strong, and goes well with the cross. The clasp is very easy to open/close also. <end>
 B0006HAK7U  Sterling Silver 24 Inch X 11.0 mm Figaro Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  MY BIG PIMPIN CHAIN  Man that pic don't even do it right. It's a lot fatter in real life than it is in the pic. And it's a good weight you can tell when you hold it it aint junk. Don't get me wrong when I can afford a gold chain I'll get me one but until then this looks and feels D**N good. I know the girls like it. Ohh and I had it like 3 mos and I just cleaned it for the first time and for some reason after it gets dirty then cleaned for the first time - it seems to look even better? There some chains on here almost as big but look at the weight. My hommie got one for like a bill and it feels so light he should a just got one out of a 25cent machine. <end>
 B0006HAL3S  Sterling Silver 24 Inch X 1.3 mm Snake Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Wrong Item...  I ordered this O-ring clasp on purpose, but didn't receive this item. What I got instead was a much heavier lobster claw clasp - the exact clasp I was trying to avoid because of it's weight. While the chain itself is beautiful - I'm not happy. Apparently, I can return the chain and be credited for it's cost, minus all shipping and handling charges of course!! Round trip shipping and handling cost 50% of the item charges...guess they were counting on that!! UPDATE - Customer Service has been extremely helpful!! Not only did they arrange for my return...but made certain I received the correct necklace ASAP. I am very happy with both the beautiful chain, but their Customer Service as well!!  -) <end>
 B0006HB4XE  BOX1MM Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1mm Box Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" Necklace ||	  wine country gal  This is truly a beautiful necklace! So elegant looking and yet so comfortable! I know the receipient will just love it with the pendant that will go with it. <end>  box chain  I really like this chain. It is very comfortable, doesn't tangle easily, has a secure clasp and looks great. It would make a great gift. I will be ordering more at various lengths as the chain will compliment several necklaces I already have. Amy <end>  Beautiful Chain!  I bought this to go with a sterling cross for my girlfriend. It is exactly what I wanted and at a great price! The clasp is sturdy and the chain itself is of good quality. I would certainly purchase again. <end>  Great Chain  This chain is great. I was wearing with my 7 month old niece who was pulling and tugging on it and it didn't break! She had it in both hands and was tugging every which way. Amazing strong! <end>  Great Items and service  I ordered this item and received it right after Thanksgiving. The necklace are beautiful and the service was great. <end>  Very nice  It's cheap and looks very nice.Feels sturdy.The necklace was a good buy! <end>  great chain  This is a very attractive chain. Its sturdy and looks great w/ the cross pendant i bought for it. Thanks <end>  Great!  I recieved my 24inch. necklace earlier then expected. Its a beautiful necklace and very sturdy! would def order from again. <end>  finally happy  I make my own jewelry and own many pendants so it is hard to find what i want in a high quality....Well i found it and i am very pleased and plan on getting many more in a bunch of lengths so thank-you for the quality. <end>  Great Strong Necklace  I bought my daughter 8, a necklace for Christmas, but the chain was so thin, I was looking for a thicker chain that looked nice and would be harder to break, I found this necklace, I am beyond happy with the look, quality and strength, I think this necklace will be perfect for anyone and any age, I will be comming back and buying againThanks <end>  silver chain gifts  I purchased these for my two small granddaughters to put a small silver cross on. They will be given to them in April on their birthdays. They are very pretty. <end>  siler chain  I LOVE AMAZON AND ALL THE GREAT STUFF I GET EVERY THING COMES IN NICE CAREFULLY PACKAGE AND I SHOP AND ITS SO MUCH EASY AND GREAT STURDEY CHAINS NEED TO ORDER MORE BUT I GIVE IT 100% OF VERY HAPPY CUSTUMER <end>  Great Buy!  This chain came exactly as described - beautiful sterling silver, firm clasp, perfect length! Shipment came in 3 days even though I chose standard shipping! Extremely Satisfied! <end>  nice quality  most chains are going to eventually break. ive paid a lot for some and they always break, if this last 6 months it will be worth it and it looks like it will last a lot longer. <end>  Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 22"  It was exactly what I was looking for. Very beautiful chain. I was very pleased with the quality and the value. <end>  Good Item, Good Shipping  Item was great quality and came promptly. I'm very happy with it and recommend it unreservedly. <end>  Excellent product and excellent service  I ordered two of these sterling silver box link chains and when they arrived, I was very surprised at the quality, the careful packaging and fast delivery service. One chain was for me and one was a gift. The recipient loved the gift as did I. I will order more jewelry from this great company. <end>  Great Chain  I got this chain in the 30" length along with several pendants from Gem Ave. I love this chain, it looks nice and is really tough. I am kind of hard on chains and was worried about buying one online without seeing it. I could not be happier and the price is great. <end>  beautiful  I bought three of these chains for my daughters. They really look nice, the metal has a nice shimmer to it and I am very pleased with the sturdiness of the clasp.These are a great value and I highly recommend them. <end>  Fine jewelry at a fine price  Every once in a while, you find finely crafted silver-work at a ridiculously low price and Gem Avenue is one of those rare finds. I've bought several of their sterling silver chains, including 2 box links, and the quality exceeded all my expectations in each case. The chains are sturdy, yet maintain their smooth flexibility over time. There is no "play" between the links and, though all are fine guage, even the thinnest has a heft that just feels "expensive" (kind of like the sound and solid feel of the closing of an expensive car door). The clasps easily slide into their housing and the spring is taut yet easy to manage with no "hanging".I personally own only 1 box link chain, one my kids bought me about 10 years ago in a little specialty shop. It was just the right size for me (about 1/16th" thick link), heavy, and cost $150.00 at the time. I know, I swallowed my tongue, too. But it was a very special celebration and came from their hearts with a little help from Mom. Definitely a stretch on our budget but they felt the chain was important (and I bring it up as a comparative price for fine Sterling 10 years ago). But afterward I learned that there were roving silver artists who sold their work for whatever was necessary to build their business. We just had to trip over them if we found them at all in this city or that. Certainly, today you can find cheaply priced silver chains any number of places but, likely as not, you end up with a cheaply constructed chain, possibly even an overlay or plating, links that kink or break, clasps that don't quite "seat" properly or fail altogether. Gem Avenue is the smooth ride on tarmac after a juddering of a day driving over rock-strewn. These craftsmen take obvious pleasure and pride in their silver-work and it does show. And to beat it all, they're pricing this fine sterling as if it was costume jewelry. Oh, and they thoughtfully toss in a nice little jewelry box for each chain purchased. Why spend so much time reviewing a few silver chains? Heaven knows if there were problems with the products we'd see postings in those CAPITAL LETTERS with which some express their fury that something was not to their liking. When a company obviously cares about their products and seems to see each silver chain as a representative of their company, as this company appears to, the suits need to know that the people doing the actual creative work are doing a cut above and that brings back repeat and new customers via referral and "through the grapevine.You will be quite happily surprised with what you buy here. Always a fine experience.Very Best Regards,Cycat <end>  silver chain  Arrived on time. Got this chain for my 9 year old son to wear with his silver cross pendant. The chain is a very nice size for him. <end>  Deceptive Photo and Description  I ordered this chain specifically because the photo and the description (spring ring clasp) indicated that the chain has a lobster claw style clasp. It does not. Instead, it has a cheap, easily broken round clasp.I will keep the chain but I am very disappointed. <end>  yay!  They give internet shopping a good name. The delivery was fast and the necklace was prettier than I imagines it would be. Thank you! Thank you! <end>  1MM Italian Box Link Chain 16"  it seems like it's not the right size, and it's very delicate..i hope it doesn't break when my sister in law uses it, if it does, i will be letting you know. <end>  Chain  Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" Necklacethis is a very nice chain i ordered the 24" and i like it <end>  Horrendous quality  I just got this chain last week. I wore it. The next day, I took a shower with it on, and the silver color just faded. The chain is an ugly blackish brown now. Such poor quality. I wish I knew this, I would have never ordered. My money went down the drain.I am surprised no other customers had had such an experience.Returning this crappy chain is out of question since I would hate to pay for the postage. <end>  Not good!  I ordered this necklace from this company & i came home today and checked my mail & i opened the package and there was nothing in there but plastic and popcorn foam. I better get a reply to my refund cause this is ridiculous. & i am very pissed off and unhappy about this. I cant believe a business like this sends items with nothing in them... <end>  Too Shiny!  I thought the chain would not be so bright. It almost looks fake! <end>  A good buy  It's a good buy, if you need a basic chain. It's one grade above average and the only thing that was great was the delivery time. <end>  Not what I thought  This chain is pretty, but it wasn't as thick or as long as pictured. I have to purchase another one, but from somewhere else. <end>  Great necklace  It's so hard to get nickel free necklaces in the stores. Love this. It's affordable and attractive. Looks great with my pendants. <end>  Great silver chain  A chain for a necklace I had broke and this was the perfect replacement, the size/length is perfect and it is very durable but still pretty. <end>  Very pleased!  The necklace arrived promptly and matched the description given. It works well with the pendant I had in mind when I ordered the necklace. I am very pleased with this purchase! <end>  Nice Quality Chain  Had this chain for a bit over a week now and so far it has proven it's sturdiness and quality....I use it daily, including to the gym, and it has kept the same condition that I first got it in. <end>  Lasted for TWO Months...not so STURDY afterall  This chain is lovely but apparently VERY delicate. After two months it fell away from my neck. The link that holds the clasp broke... I guess I'll be purchasing a new chain. FYI - this chain held a very tiny cross which caused no tension on the chain.I'll get a more sturdy chain. I gave it two stars...one for each month of service  ) Just sayin... <end>  Very good quality  I looked for a long time for a sturdy silver box chain for pendants . This chain is exactly what I wanted and is lovely and the price was great. Will look here first. <end>  Buy This!  This necklace is great. I was sceptical because of the price but it's even better than the pictures. I bought this for my wife to hang a Mother's Day pendant on. The site I got the pendant from wanted $70 for a similar necklace. Can you believe that! To say this thing is worth the money is an understatement. The only way I'd like it more was if it were free. <end>  GREAT CHAIN  The BOX1MM-18 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver Sturdy Box Link 1mm Cain Necklace 18" is a wonderful buy. It looks good on its own or with a light pendant on it. I am delighted with the necklace and I believe it would be a great gift for any lady or young girl. <end>  Beautiful!  I absolutely love this chain! It is beautiful & very shiny and compliments the sterling silver camel I bought to go with it ) <end>  Beautiful Sterling Chain  This sterling silver box link chain necklase is absolutely what I needed and so beautiful. The price was very reasonable also. Any one needing a nice quality chain I recommend this one. <end>  Great chain bought several......  Great chain bought several......BOX1MM-16 Nickel Free Italian Silver Sturdy Box Link 1MM Chain Necklace 16"....great price nice quality!~Very Happy with purchase!~ <end>  Great Item  Exactly what I was looking for. Looks good with a charm and seems like it is a sturdy, good quality chain. <end>  I LOVE IT !!!!!  Very Very Beautiful And It shipped very fast also It's light weight but shines like a star I wear it with a pendant I got and they go together perfectly thank you. <end>  good necklace for the price.  My wife has been looking for a silver box chain for some time. She was pleased with this one and now has me looking for another a little heavier. Good quality, nice design and at a good price. <end>  Perfect!  Just the chain I was looking for. Holds a charm or two and I love the length. Nice sparkle too! <end>  Nice but cheap  You get what you pay for. It looks nice but the clasp is super cheaply done the part it hooks on is barely big enough to fit it in. I would pay a little more for a nicer one. <end>  You will love this chain  I would highly recommend this chain. It's well polished, sturdy, and has a smooth finish that feels nice against the skin and perfect for a favorite pendant. <end>  30 inch nickel-free box link silver chain  I am allergic to nickel, so this chain was perfect for me! I needed to replace the chain I wear my amethyst crystal on, and this one rests just above my bustline, it is a really nice chain. I love it! <end>  Just beautiful  Beautiful chain. I need longer chains but all I can find in stores are super short chains or super long chains. This length is perfect. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry. I've been wearing it for a couple months now and no problems whatsoever. <end>  New Sterling Silver Box Link Chain Necklace 1 MM  Just purchased eight of the necklaces for silver & glass pendants I created in a jewelry class. Three chains are 1MM for the lighter pendants, five are 1.5MM. I mistakenly purchased 16" chains first, then returned them for 18". The necklaces are very high quality as noted in the other reviews. Even the finer chains feel strong and solid. I am very pleased with the purchase and the return for longer chains was easy and prompt. I will definitely buy from these people again. They're gems! <end>  Great product, excellent service.  I haven't worn necklaces in years, and I bought a pendant at a flea market which needed a chain. The one I bought with the pendant broke within a week. I am an amazon junkie so naturally that's where I went to find a new one. I came across this chain and ordered one. It arrived early (the vendor graciously took it upon themselves to ship it priority mail at no extra charge) and it was perfect. I had 2 other pendants that I've been waiting to wear but haven't so I went back and ordered 2 more chains. I would highly recommend this seller and product to anyone in search of a well-priced quality necklace. <end>  Very nice  I was impressed with this necklace for the price. It was very pretty and of good quality. I would recommend this necklace for ladies only, though, because it is delicate. <end>  Skeptical...then satisfied.  I purchased this to accompany a pendent I purchased as gift. I didn't have high expectations after seeing the price, but it was perfect. The chain doesn't feel cheaply made and shines very nicely. The length was perfect for my woman. I thought her ample bosom would have warranted a different change, but this in combination with the pendent made her neckline even more beautiful. This is a perfect chain, if you are purchasing a small or moderate sized pendent. Do not combine with something too big though, because I doubt it will hold up under the weight. <end>  perfect  i broke my gfs necklace trying to unknot it,i found this necklace as a replacement and now the pendant really shines with this necklace. <end>  Beautiful!  The chain came in a nice box. It is shiny and definitely better quality than I thought for the money paid. Would recommend this to others. <end>  Don't like the clasp  I would prefer a lobster claw clasp on this chain. The chain is very nice! I like the 20 inch length that I purchased. <end>  BOX LINK chain 24 inches  I love this chain it shines like diamondsIt is bright and beautifulAnd got here so quickly.Just like everything else I have ordered <end>  disappointed  The main problem with this chain - it is too short and too thin. Not complaining because this is my fault  the length and width was clearly stated by the seller, so I should've known better reading all those positive reviews. But in reality this chain is not suitable for any sizable pendant or necklace. If you are a big guy with big neck it would choke you. And you can lose your pendant at any time since the link is not strong at all, it can break any moment. I guess there is no substitute to visiting a professional jeweler and paying in the neighborhood of 150 bucks for a good sturdy sterling silver chain. <end>  Disappointed in Bonita Springs, FL.  I give this product (5 stars) for the secure way it was shipped and the timely manor. As for the product it is the worst brand of Sterling Silver I have ever purchased. Correct me if I am wrong but Sterling Silver is not suppose to RUST!I literally threw the chain in the trash, it had rusted so bad. I even tried cleaning it with a jewelry cleaner with no success! This chain is a disgrace to Sterling Silver products of any kind. I went out to a local department store and purchased a beautiful 20" Sterling Silver chain for only 10 bucks and it doesn't rust. The Gem Avenue Company is definitly not the place to purchase this chain! Shop around!Sincerely Disappointed <end>  18" silver necklace  I like the chain, except the 18" was more like a 16", you may want to buy a longer chain if you don't want the necklace close to your throat. The necklace is very thin and dainty it is probably best not to hang a heavy pendant on it. The necklace is not made for everyday wear and I'm worried it is going to break it so thin. I like the chain and will keep it for church or other special events. <end>  size  The necklace is nice but its a lot smaller than i expected. The clasp is also really tiny and sticks sometimes, so I replaced it. <end>  pretty, simple, right length  livraison rapide, joli emballage, bonne longueur, tr&egrave;s brillante et fine.Bon produit pour quelqu'un qui recherche une chaine toute simple. <end>  22 Inch silver chain  It is exactly what I was looking for. It is the perfect length and looks great with my pendant. Thanks <end>  Very nice looking  Sturdy and doesn't take away from the pendent would go with any light weight pendent . A perfect gift to give. <end>  Sterling silver chain  This is a beautiful chain. I like it that you can purchase it in different lengths. It was purchased for a Christmas gift. <end>  Lovely~  This necklace is very pretty and sturdy. I ordered more chains in different sizes.It is nickel free so I can wear it without problems.I will buy more from this company. <end>  sterling silver necklace  bought this for the price , the key is , necklace contains no nickel which causes rash and skin discoloringjust like it was advertised ... well made fast shipped good price <end>  Perfect  Arrived just as described. I wasn't disappointed. Perfect chain for fob I am wearing. Not over powering very dainty and feminine. <end>  It's nice  This was a good deal for us. Better price than we found in the stores and seems to be a better quality (although I'm no expert in this stuff). Thanks <end>  Love it!  Great value for the price. As good as better than some pricier chains I have seen. Fantastic gift for young or old. <end>  Perfect  The right size, the right price and doesn't pull on my hair like the others I've purchased did. Very please with my purchase! <end>  Nice Necklace  I love this delicate chain. It was perfect for my great niece. She was proud to get it.I gave it to her for Christmas. The shipping was right on time. I appreciate that.Thanks,Linda <end>  Nice chain  Perfect length and very strong. Made very well. I can't think of anything else to say. Why do I have to write a long review. <end>  Decent chain for the $$  This was a decent product for the money. It worked perfectly with the pendant I attached. It shipped quickly and was boxed for gift giving <end>  Broke within month  Broke within month. I wore it only a couple of times. It was well taken care of. Such a waste of money. <end>  Very nice chain  I purchased this chain to go with an Amber pendant I received for Christmas. I was mildly surprised at the quality of this chain. Not only is it a nice sturdy chain; it is also has a nice weight and fluidity. I am very happy with this piece. <end>  Beautiful  This is a beautiful chain, especially for the cost. It is perfect for my birthstone charms. Very satisfied with this purchase! <end>  Silver chain  Wearing the chain with an open heart I wear. Looks fine. I'm pleased with the silver chain. Glad I ordered it. <end>  love it  I got a Christmas gift and I wanted a longer chain on it, so I bought this one. I love it, the quality is great and the length just perfect. <end>  I&#34;m satisfied.  The product was received on time and packed nicely. It looks nice. I am satisfied with this purchase.I hope it won't tarnish. <end>  30" Sterling Silver necklace  I absolutely love this item! Wish there was something longer but this works great! Surely worth it and really satisfied!!! =) HIghly recommend! <end>  Great product  My daughter passed away awhile back,and the only thing I have of her's is a dolphin pendent.I bought this chain for it.It added alot of beauty to my memories of giving her that dolphin.I will order jewelry! <end>  Nice  Bought this for my lady as a gift to go with some other stuff. Very pretty chain and she loves it! <end>  Sterling Silver Italian box link chain necklace  I bought three 20" necklaces for myself. I am very pleased with the quality of the chains. I would definitely purchase from Gem Avenue again. The purchase was easy, and the seller conveniently provides you with return information. <end>  Good Value  Silver Box link chain. I bought this chain at first for the length. 22". Most chains only come in 24" or shorter. This was a very good buy on my part because the chain is really attractive and sturdy enough to hold the pendant that I wanted it for. In fact, the pendant looks even better now with this attractive chain. I should have bought more. The price was so reasonable. I am going to order a few more to have on hand. For myself or a gift item. Very pleased. Quick shipping too!! Thankyou, Linda from New Jersey <end>  Pretty and delicate  This necklace is delicate looking without being so thin that it will easily break. It's lovely. <end>  Beautiful  This chain is beautiful and I was thrilled to find a 22" length as it is not commonly found in stores. I plan to use it to hold a charm holder and charms which I havent been able to wear for some time because I couldnt find the length I wanted. <end>  Just perfect  This chain was perfect. The last chain I had was broken and was fixed with a some wire that looked awful but this chain did not have any of that.  ) <end>  JUNK!  The chain broke in less than a week. Not happy at all with this site and won't buy from it again. <end>  Really?  I was so excited to get this chain in the mail, until I saw it. It is terribly cheap and so not worth 16 bucks. the extremely long "two day shipping" didn't help matters either. <end>  How can I return? Broke on first day!  Should have heeded the warnings of other reviewers. Purchased this as a gift for my 22 year old niece and it broke the first time she put it on. DON'T DO IT! <end>  christmas  my brother got this to go with a chain for his girlfriends christmas, came quick and looks just like its supposed to. very small and cute. <end>  perfect  just what i wanted for my daughter, will probadly order more for both of us.thanks for this product and will te others. <end>  Great looking chain  The clasp has too small an opening to make it practical to use, too bad because otherwise it is a great chain. <end>  quality work  This was a gift to my wife, she is the critic, and she really liked the chain.I will probably go ahead and order another one. <end>  22 inch chain  Some of the Necklesses I ordered for my wife came with no chains. I ordered two 22 1mm inch chains. I didn't realize how small and delicate 1mm is. My bad..........I should have ordered a 3 of 4 mm. I'll know better next time. The chains that do come with certain items are too small and flimsey. They are very delicate and break easily <end>  Needed a new chain for a Pandora object!  Had seen a necklace in a jewelry store window that I commented on. Mu better half bought it for me for an anniversarygift - I didn't like the chain that came with it - too long. I ordered this one from Amazon and the length and antigued finshare perfect for this particular piece!! <end>  Good quality She loved it  Quick shipping. I bought this to go along with a pendant I had bought my wife for Christmas, it worked out great. Good quality silver good price and quick shipping. I would buy again thanks for the great service ! <end>  Good necklace  Sizing was good and the necklace was attractive It was nice to be able to order the size I needed. <end>  Very nice chain  This chain is a very nice upgrade from the original chain that came with my girlfriend's pendant. I highly suggest buying a chain like this for any sterling silver pendant that you buy. The cheap ultra thin chains that originally come with most pendants aren't nearly as nice as this one. this is more sturdy, and also much more beautiful/shiny than the original chain. <end>  box link chain  Chain is beautiful in person. The picture does not give it justice. All good experiences with this seller! <end>  Sterling Silver Necklace  I had ordered the Serling Silver Necklace as a christmas gift for my daughter. When I placed the ordered the company emailed me that they had shipped it and when I should receive it. I had no problems receiving it within the time frame that they had provided. I would recommend this company to other people. I was very satisfied.Thank you,Jennifer M. Fornof <end>  great necklace great value  I ordered this necklace for my mom for christmas and I was so surprised at how nice and shiny it was and just the overall quality of the necklace. She has had issues with other necklaces breaking and this necklace she absolutely loves, it's very durable. I would definitely recommend to anyone it's more beautiful than in the pics. <end>  Perfect  I received a lovely necklace for Christmas, but wanted a slightly longer chain. I was able to get a perfect match for the original chain in the length I needed. It is beautiful, great quality. It shines so beautifully. I'm considering ordering another chain from this company just because they are so lovely. <end>  Quality at its best  My daughter just loves this necklace I got her. Strong and durable. To bad I'm not a better sizer, almost to tight for her neck. <end>  Excellent value  These chains are lovely and an excellent value. I bought them to replace the base metal chain that come with a religious medal. It is a nice, strong chain. Thanks! <end>  WOW!!!!!  I recently bought an 18" for myself... When I got it home, it was beautiful... Nice and sturdy, not thin at all. A very nice chain! I recommend this to everyone! <end>  Great Quality  I purchssed this chain to go with a beautiful cross I bought for my handicapped sister. It is not only beautiful, but sturdy. Thank you <end>  Mom loved it!!  I got this for my mom for Christmas and she loved it! I've order jewelry from this company before and they never disapoint!! <end>  Great for work  I bought this chain to wear with my work outfits because of its simple and elegant design. The necklace was also available in a longer length which I prefer. It works beautifully and I am pleased with my purchase. <end>  Great value for the money!  This is a beautiful chain. I have bought several of them in different lengths. I would recommend this chainto anyone. You will not be disappointed. <end>  Beautiful!  Got 5 of these to go along with initial pendents I purchased for my bridesmaids. They were even more beautiful than they were in the picture. I can't wait to give it to them at my October wedding! <end>  Nice looking, shiny chain.  This chain is pretty, looks nice and arrived on time. I would recommend this chain to everyone, Best as a gift or gesture for that special one. The price is reasonable, and can suit everyone. <end>  Great product, my husband loves it  The chain is beautiful and very shiny. It goes perfectly with the cross pendant I purchased for him for Valentines day. It doesn't pull on his hair, it is the perfect length and is stands out nicely with his work clothes. I would reccommend this product to anyone! <end>  Love these!  I have ordered all different lengths in these chains for all my pendants and I love them. <end>  Eve  I was pleased with the quality of the chain, however based on the picture I thought it would be slightly thicker. All in all a very good buy. <end>  Awesome  I bought two chains. One for my mother and mother in law to hold birthstone pendants I had purchased for them for mother's day. The chains are beautiful and go great with the pendants I chose. They came very quickly. So quickly in fact that I may just buy another one for my grandmother for mother's day. <end>  Beautiful and Affordable from Gem Avenue  As expected the silver chain arrived right on time and was beautiful. Perfect for the cross for my mother, and she loves it too. This is the second order from Gem Avenue and I have been very pleased with service, quality, and cost! Product purchased  Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 30" Long Necklaces <end>  Excellent Quality From Reliable Seller  There are somethings that I just wouldn't ordinarily order on-line and jewelery is one of them. I took a chance and ordered the Italian Box Link Chain Necklace, and I was blown away by the quality of the Sterling Silver chain that I received. I looked around at several jewelers and for the money, you can't beat the price that this seller is offering, not to mention the fact that the item arrived way before I expected it in perfect condition! I will buy from this seller again due to the quality of the necklace and the service. <end>  AMAZING!!  I have been looking all over for silver necklace chains and could not find anything that would good enough. So I decided to explore on Amazon and came across these. As soon as I saw these and read the reviews from other customers, I knew they would be perfect!! I just bought the charm part (a break in half big sis lil sis) of a necklace for my little sister who turns 12 next month so I was in need of getting necklace chains. I received them in the expected arrival due date, in perfect condition! I would GREATLY recommend this chain to any other individual who is looking to purchase a chain. I could not ask for anything better! Thank you!! <end>  Perfect  I ordered this chain to hold my ankh pendant and it's perfect. Not too thin or too bulky.It hangs perfectly. I ordered the 24 in. It looks beautiful with my ankh cross. I wear it everyday. <end>  Beautiful product!  I ordered this chain to hold a pendant that came with a chain to short for me. The price was great, and shipping was super fast. I was amazed that it looked even better in person than in the picture, since that is seldom the case. I have been wearing it 24/7 since I got it a month ago. It is comfortable, does not pull my hair or get wrapped up in it when I sleep, and there has been no discoloration or tarnishing at all. I highly recommend this beautiful chain!! <end>  Italian 30 inch box link chain  The chain was very shiny, very pretty.I needed a long chain to hang a large rose quartz heart on.This chain was perfect and the price was too. <end>  Very nice  Very shiny, sturdy-looking chain -- quite pretty! Very good quality. I intend to put a charm on mine eventually, but it still looks good just on its own as well. Would recommend! <end>  30" sterling silver box chain  The 30" sterling silver box chain was well made. It arrived on time and was even better than I had expected. I would definitely recommend this seller to others. This was an A-1 experience. Thank you for a seamless transaction. <end>  Love this necklace.  I love the box stye necklace because it looks wonderful all on it's own. The necklace is well made and clasp is easy to use. I recommend this necklace. <end>  Great company......great product.  The chain arrived quickly and was packaged nicely. It is very pretty and strong. I am quite happy with my purchase. <end>  NICE CHAIN  I was very surprized when I recieved this chain, it was exactly what I wanted, will definately buy another. <end>  Absolutely Perfect  I ordered this chain as a replacement for necklace that I broke to I wore my cross on. When I went to the mall to find a box link chain no one had one. This chain makes the perfect replacement as it looks just like the original chain I had. The shipping was shorter than estimated and I just love it. And you just can't beat the price. <end>  1mm Sterling Silver Italian Box Chain  This is the perfect addition to your jewelry box. Wear alone or with any kind of pendant. The box link is a very sturdy chain. Economical and beautiful! <end>  Great chains for a great price  These are excellent chains. My wife has a tendency to break delicate looking chains within a day or two, but she is still wearing these after several weeks. These are very good quality for the money, not cheap junk that turns green after a few days of use. My wife's chains are still as shiny and beautiful as the day she put them on for the first time. Unlike some of the other "sterling silver" she has bought in the past, these chains are the real thing. <end>  Great Necklace for a Great Price!  I purchased this necklace for my wife for Christmas or 2007. Not only did it arrive on time for Christmas, the packaging was very stout. Just from seeing the box and the packing material I had no doubt that the necklace had arrived in tack.My wife loves the necklace! Plain and Simple. She says that it is great because it is interchangeable with a number of pendants that she has or it looks elegant by itself. I hit a home run with this great little stocking stuffer! You cannot go wrong with one of these necklaces! <end>  shiny & sturdy chain  I ordered the 30" chain--what a great price and beautiful product!I love it. <end>  Excellent Purchase  I had bought these sterling silver necklaces for my daughter. Not only was the price wonderful but, the quality is excellent. They also arrived early in time for the holidays which was great too. I would shop again atGem Avenue. <end>  Good purchase, Good price  I purchased this for one of my daughter's pendants. Nice chain, good quality. I was very pleased with my purchase. The company is great. I have ordered other jewlery from them and was very pleased. They were prompt with delivery as well. <end>  Great Seller  The chain was well made and exactly what I hoped I was purchasing. Delivery was timely, and product was of good quality. My girlfriend was very happy with the chain. <end>  Great Necklace  This necklace is great. I bought a 30 inch necklace and it was really nice and if you want a real long necklace, this fits the bill. Real shiney and nice. <end>  Very pleased and happy with quality of product.  Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" NecklaceI ordered the 30-inch chain, and am very happy with the result. The quality is excellent, it is very beautiful. The real silver is very shiney. <end>  Outstanding  I must say that I am thrilled with the service I have received. The chain arrived before the promise date & is beautiful. I was actually upset that I had to give it away (it was part of a Christmas gift). I will definitely use them again!Thrilled Customer  ) <end>  Perfect!  It was about six days before Christmas and I was searching all the local malls trying to find a chain to go with the "O" pendant that my dad had gotten to give my mom for a Christmas gift. I could not find the chain I was looking for. Finally, I decided to look on Amazon and at first didn't see anything I was interested in. I went back and looked on Amazon again the next day and saw a thin box chain, but I didn't know what a box chain looked like and the pictures only showed but so much. So, I decided to wait. The next day, I went to work and one of my co-workers was wearing an "O" pendant on a thin box chain like the one I saw online. So, I ran home during lunch that day and went on Amazon to buy the chain. I was so worried I wasn't going to find a chain that could be delivered to my house by Christmas. Finally, when I almost gave up, out of all the box chains and sellers on Amazon, there was only one seller, Gemavenue, who's last acceptable order date for the holidays was still within the time limits. So, I bought their box chain and it was perfect because I was able to choose the length I needed and it was thin but sturdy, like I had been looking for. I asked for express shipping and ordered it on a Thursday and Christmas was on Tuesday. The chain arrived that Saturday. I was so thrilled when it arrived. It was the right length and had a pretty shine to it. My mom opened it on Christmas morning along with the pendant and was so surprised. She loved it. It was perfect! <end>  Great Necklace  It fit me perfectively!!It arrived in excellent condition.it was light and comfortable and I've worn it everyday!!!Thanks amazon and I will buy again <end>  Cute, but shorter than expected  Based on the length I actually expected this to be 'longer' than it was. (I've bought other necklaces that claim to be this same length that are much longer) There must be a difference in how different vendors measure their necklaces. Anyways, although it's a bit shorter than I would have liked it's still a nice good quality necklace for an awesome price. <end>  Good quality!  This chain is so beautiful,it is very good quality.It goes perfectly with my pendant.It is highly polished so it sparkles when the light hits it.I love it,thank you ! <end>  very happy  I am very happy with this necklace. It arrived quickly and in good condition. It does not catch my hair in the back like many other necklaces. <end>  Exactly what I expected from the description.  I received my item quickly and well packaged. It was exactly what I wanted! Would buy jewelry from this site again. <end>  Is what it is  Very shiny silver, says no nickel in it, I dont know how to tell though. I bought becuase i need a very small chain to fit through the pendant I had fit great. <end>  Very Nice  I was very pleased with the necklace, it was perfect for the charm that was added to it. The length was a good for my young granddaughter. <end>  Sterling silver necklace  I have bee wanted a small chain that I could wear a charm that I already had. I ordered the 18 in. But should have ordered the 20 in. It still worked out. I can wear my charm now. I just wish it hung a tad bit longer.It came a little earlier than was expected so I was happy about that. I' thankful I now have a nice sterling silver chain to wear my charm.The clasp is sturdy and works fine. It is made well. <end>  Pretty  I bought this to put a wiccan pentacle on, and wear to work. It has held up very nicely with repeated use (wearing it 2-3 times a week). After many months, it needed some polishing, but that was expected. It occasionally will twist and my hair gets tangled in the clasp, but that's not unexpected. I would buy from here again. <end>  Very sturdy chain-- just make sure you order the right size.  Beautiful and very sturdy silver chain. Unfortunately I ordered a too small size, but still very pleased with the quality for the price! <end>  Durable to a point  I bought this chain to go with a St. Christopher medallion I was given. The 24" length is perfect, neither too long or short. The only problem I have with this product is that after six to seven months the links break. Now I also keep it on 24/7 through showers and swimming. It stands up very well to chlorine and soap ; So I tend to think it has to be pretty durabl with what I put it through. <end>  Great choice  I was pleased with this item. It was just like I expected. <end>  Kind of disappointed  This was the exact chain I was looking for to replace a cheap one that supported my grandma pendant. But it appears quite short for an 18". Feels more like a 16". Which I do not wear that length for the reason of feeling as if I'm being choked. But other than that, I love the chain itself. Very sturdy and feminine and not cheap looking. Awesome price as well. <end>  Just what I needed  This is a great necklace for charms or pendents . It is strong without being thick, and nickle free means no problems with metal allergies. <end>  Beautiful chain!  I'm thrilled with the quality! Fabulous to find a quality, nickle-free chain for my nickle-allergic daughter. What a great find! <end>  Loved It  This chain is very nice. I was a little worried because it was such a great price. the chain is a good length and appears to be sturdy. It is a gift for a young man so it needs to be. Give it a try! <end>  great!  This necklace is great. it was the perfect length i was looking for and it is nice and sturdy!! Coudn't beat the price! <end>  She likes it  I don't know anything about jewelry, but I bought this for my girlfriend because the chain broke on her necklace. The quality of this chain seems to be very good, and most importantly, she likes it. <end>  Very good product  It is very pretty, the right length, and exactly what I wanted. The clasp is easy to open. Happy with my purchase. <end>  ITALIAN STYLE SILVER STURDY BOX LINK 1MM CHAIN NECKLACE  BEAUTIFUL. It has the strength of the box chain and yet it is so elegant, like liquid silver. It s comfortable and stylish. <end>  Very nice for price  I ordered a size too short; however, this Ida very attractive chain. Recomend for young girl or anyone who prefers lighter look <end>  Fabulous necklace  I love this necklace. It is beautiful as well as strong. The clasp works perfectly. I was afraid it would be a cheap clasp but I am pleased to say that it is not. I highly recommend this product. <end>  sturdy chain  This is a sturdy chain. It has a strong clasp and is a shiny silver. It's a great value for the price and I would definitely recommend it. <end>  Bought for my wife  I bought my wife a cross pendant for Christmas that came with an 18&#34; chain...it didn't allow the cross to hang low enough, so we purchased this 24&#34; chain and it is perfect. Matches the cross well and is very elegant. <end>  chain  I bought a chain from a kiosk in the mall that offered a lifetime guarantee. When my chain broke it seems it was the life time of the chain... not me. They would not replace the chain. I bought a few of these figuring that they were cheap and I could afford to break a few of them over the year wearing the medallion my wife gave me. I am still on the first chain. Very pleased. <end>  beautiful necklace  This necklace is very beautiful and a wonderful length. Has held up against getting pulled very well and all my pendants fit on it. <end>  Cheap quality  Granted, I knew it wasn't going to be amazing based on the price but I didn't expect hair strand thin. I expect it to break within weeks (maybe days). <end>  sturdy  i bought this chain for my new terling silver and sapphire cross also from amazon..definately did the trick..made for each other <end>  Sturdy silver chain  Lovely and resonably strong chain.Long enough to give s bit of hang so your pendant or necklace is not right at your neck. <end>  Box chain  The Box chain is very nice, and it does not look or feel cheap. I wish I had ordered two. <end>  Nice  Nice and inexpensive. Wears well with my small pendants and seems to be fairly strong without looking big or bulky. I expect it will break one day as I have 18 month old twins hanging off of it most of the time, and I'll gladly buy more of this brand. <end>  It's okay  Links of the necklace are more small than I thought. The chain is more fine, will be easily broken, and not sturdy enough for some of my pendants for which I bought the chain. The chain is beautiful and dainty, just more dainty than I expected. <end>  love it!  i got the item on time and when i open the box i was not disappointed. i like that its not too thin. i think its durable and would last long. so happy with my purchase <end>  Feminine  I purchased this chain as a replacement for my husband's necklace. Sterling silver, so obviously great quality. However, due to the delicacy of size, it gives off too much of a feminine vibe. It's a bit too thin and sparkly. I now have it for myself though. I think it should be removed from the "men's jewelry" section. <end>  Absolutely Lovely  JUST perfect !! Chain is beautiful and just what I wanted. But now I want another one in 20".I am very pleased with this necklace. And with the service I received from the order. I will definately usethem again. <end>  Tarnished  After my husband wore this for over two weeks it turned black. I was so shocked and disappointed...I am not sure if others are having this problem....we were disappointed and we are able to return it for a refund....yea Amazon! <end>  it's nice  well i just got it i order a 18 inch i thought it would be longer but i like the chain <end>  Great gift  I got these for my daughter for Christmas along with some beads and bracelets. She has had alot of fun mixing and matching them. Thisis a good value! <end>  Better than the picture  Came in a nice small box that would be good enough to use if it was a present. The box weave is really nice and looks great. The only thing I suggest is that you measure your neck and how long you want it. I guessed a size of 18 inches and it was and looks really short when I wear it. But that was my fault. <end>  Delivery fine, Item eh  The chain arrived very promptly, but within a few weeks had discolored to a unappealing dark grey. Disappointing, but you get what you pay for. <end>  Perfect!  The item came on time and looked exactly how it did in the picture. SO far, it is of great quality. <end>  14&#34; Sterling Silver Necklace  This is a lovely link necklace that will complement and enhance any pendant, locket, etc. I am comfortable recommending it. <end>  Great chain, great price  I was impressed by the quality of this silver chain. Love it! Would recommend to a friend. Plus it arrived early. <end>  Pretty Chain  I purchased this for a Christmas gift, so I haven't personally used it. Very pretty, looks sturdy and like it will hold up well. <end>  Broke  I ordered this, and was happy to look at it when I received ,however just after the use of a month or so it broke off.i wish it could have been more sturdy. <end>  Good  Bought this to replace the cheap necklace that came with a pendant that I had bought formy girlfriend. It did the job. Good price and fast shipping. <end>  Pretty chain  The price was small compared to some chains that I looked at prior to purchasing this one. It arrived quickly and is not only pretty but very sturdy. I'm happy. <end>  Great quality  My everyday necklace chain broke and I was looking all around for a new chain and everything looked cheap and would kink up if it turned or bent but this chain is great. Looks pretty, great quality, clasp is great, small enough to put a pendant on and hold strong. Love the quality of this chain, smooth and comfortable to wear. <end>  Silver necklace review  Is much thinner than expected, but, still very nice. Hopefully it can withstand having a pendant hung from it. Will be used to hang a Saint Christopher medallion. <end>  SILVER CHAIN  CHAIN IS FINE, BUT, ORDERED TOO SHORT. NEED A 28 INCH CHAIN, aND LARGER IN DIAMETER.24 iNCH IS TOO SHORT, UNCOMFORTA BLE TO WEAR <end>  Excellent  This was exactly what I was looking for. It's very strong and looks great. Shipped fast too. <end>  New Sterling Silver Box Link Chain Necklace 1 MM  I bought three of these for my teenage daughter and her two best friends to put best friend charms on. I was very pleased with the quality of the chain, I would surely buy these again. The girls love them! The purchase was very easy, seller was great! Thank you for the nice quality. <end>  Silver box chain  A great value - looks wonderful on and feels comfortable. The catch is sturdy and easy to use. <end>  Box-Chain  This necklace definately looks like a quality product. Its been lasting so far and seems sturdy enough to go the distance. The clasp seems strong even when it got caught on something and got tugged on a bit, it held up and didnt break. Overall the delivery was kinda slow but not terrible plus the product was worth the wait. Beautiful chain - looks good with a pendant. (good comments courtesy of my brothers gf which it was a gift for) <end>  Good product great price  This is a sturdy chain that's quite comfortable - I wear it 24/7 . Also, the price is much better than I could find locally. <end>  Just what I had been looking for!  I had been searching for a silver box chain that was long enough for my husband to wear. This one was perfect for his cross pendent. You can't beat the price, and the shipping was fast also. Great buy, I would recommend this seller. <end>  It broke right after return window expired  Chain is dainty and pretty.Broke in less than a month.Present for Daughter. She wore it a few times before it broke. Cannot be repaired.  ( <end>  Extremely Poor Quality  This chain broke like a toothpick in 2 months of light wear. Not at all recommended. <end>  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful necklace. My 14-year old wears it with a charm all the time; its very sturdy and a great value for the price. It goes very well with any type of charm; very very pleased with this piece. <end>  NOT IMPRESSED  I ORDERED THIS CHAIN TO WEAR WITH A WHITE GOLD ONE CARAT DIAMOND PENDANT I OWN, I PUT IT ON THE CHAIN AND IN THE FIRST WEEK, THE CHAIN BROKE, NOT AT THE CLASP BUT ABOUT 3 INCHES FROM THE END...I ALMOST LOST MY DIAMOND, I WOULD NOT ORDER THIS CHAIN AGAIN. <end>  Sterling Silver chain  I absolutely love this chain, and am extremely pleased with it. I also am pleased with the very fast and excellent service I received. I intend to buy more of these chains, for some pendants I have. They are an excellent buy!! <end>  Great Necklace!`  I needed a nice, inexpensive chain for a charm I received. This chain was beautiful and very sturdy. I was very pleased with every aspect of the chain. <end>  Sterling Silver Chains  The chains were for my grand daughters, so I'm very picky about the quality. They don't contain the harmful chemicals that are found in the extremely cheap chains, so I know their health will not be put in jeopardy. The quality of these chains is excellent! They are strong and very beautiful! My grand daughters had some charms they wanted to wear and these chains are perfect! I will definitely purchase these chains again when needed! <end>  Beautiful.  Great necklace, strong enough to be slept in, and small enough to fit your charm on. <end>  Lovely chain!  I bought this chain for my 24 year old daugther. We BOTH loved it...although it appears to be delicate, it's well made and will support any pendant my daughter chooses to display on it. The size of the chain is perfect. Thank you so much!A pleased customer! <end>  Happy Customer  I purchased this chain after doing research and price comparison online. It was shipped and arrived quickly. My wife has been very happy with the quality. It was a great value- -definitely recommend both the product & the vendor. <end>  Great chain !  I love this chain! It's a super value and a very strong, good quality piece. I ordered one to replace a flimsy chain for a necklace/charm and loved it so much that I ordered another for myself and one for my mother. There was a small problem with one clasp but the seller handled the return easily and swiftly. I'll definitely purchase more of these box chains. <end>  Great Product  I was very satisfied with this product and with the vendor. I received just what I ordered and I received it in a very timely manner; much faster than I had anticipated. <end>  lovely chain  My husband bought this chain for me. It's lovely - and just the right size to add small charms. I have bought several items from Gem Avenue and my experience has been great. They sell quality merchandise and what you see is exactly what you get. <end>  great product  this was excellent. i purchased this chain for a pendent (also purchased from this seller) and it looked great. this made a great gift and my girlfriend loved it! <end>  Wow!  It is always a pleaseant surprise to find quality and good price for a product. The chain is well made, excellent quality. I love it and wear daily. I would recommend this chain to anyone. They took the time to protect the chain through delivery. I was impressed by the speedy delivery time and overall experience with the comapny. Would I purchase again? ABSOLUTELY! <end>  BEAUTIFUL CHOKER CHAIN!  I really love this short "choker" chain. I have alot of natural stone pendants that this length of chain works perfect! My neck is small and the 16" chain was still too long for me. This seller is one of very few that offers this length. Chain is very beautiful high quality sterling silver. <end>  Great basic silver box chain  I purchased this chain because I was looking for a simple silver box chain in a longer length. This product, offered by Gem Avenue, looked to be of good quality based on the other reviews, came in a variety of lengths, and was priced affordably. When I received the chain, I was pleased with the appearance, and so far, it has met my expectations. The only thing that I would mention is that this chain has a spring-type clasp--this is accurately noted in the description, but the photograph here appears to be of a chain with a lobster-type clasp. The latter would have actually been a nice small added feature, and for this reason, I would give this chain 4 1/2 rather than a full 5 stars. Other than that, however, I am pleased with this purchase and would recommend it. <end>  Excellent as always!  I am never disappointed in Gem Avenue. I have ordered several pieces from them and always receive the order quickly. Outstanding vendor whom I recommend and use frequently! <end>  excellent  A great value and looks wonderful , I am for plan to buy one more soon ... <end>  Nothing bad to say  Chain is great; nothing wrong to say. I ordered one a bit longer than I would have needed, but it is still great for when I have a low cut top. <end>  Pretty chain for a great price  This is a beautiful chain at a great price! What else can I say? <end>  Match up for a pendant  My wife's postponed birthday celebration is coming up and I ordered several items of jewelry, one of which needed a chain for a pendant. She has skin reactions to anything less than 18Kt gold and, with gold prices going crazy, I decided against white gold. I searched through several silver selling sites and this one had what I was looking for at a very reasonable price. The 1MM 20" silver chain came in the other day and it has that gleam of new, unburnished silver that looks so crisp. The clasp appears sturdy and easily handled by one person (if need be). So, at this point, I'm happy with this purchase.P.S. I'll come back in late July to update this with the wife's comments. Thanks for reading this review.10/2/2010 - I'm back to add to this and say that the Mrs. was very happy with the chain. She added the pendant to it (blue diamond in polished silver) and has worn it to a couple of evening outings and dinners. <end>  Just what I was looking for...  Necklace looks great and is good quality. Shipping was fast and the price made this a super value. I reccommend this seller and will use them again! <end>  Quality Exceeds Price  I bought 3 of these just to model my handmade pendants; however, they were so nice I ended up wearing them for my own personal use! Highly Recommend. <end>  Love it!  I was hesitant to order such inexpensive chains, but I'm so glad I did! They are beautiful chains and worked well with the pendants I had. I'll definately be ordering other lengths in this chain. <end>  Silver Necklace  I bought this necklace for my friend to place a charm on. The shipping was fast and the company was very professional and is genuinely interested in your feedback. Very nice silver chain for the money. <end>  Nice chain  The chains are very nice. They are a little thin but they make a nice pendant chain. <end>  Sterling silver chain  I loved the chain, it was the perfect length. I will be ordering another one soon. The delivery was fast. <end>  nice chain great price no surprises  I purchased a 22" and a 30" chain. Quick delivery, nice looking chains. Description and photo matches what was received. I would purchase this again.D.N. <end>  Nice Chain at a Cheap Price  Nice sturdy chain that goes well with many silver pendents. I love how Gem Avenue offers many lengths of this chain and all at an affordable price.Great shipping and well worth the buy. <end>  worth every penny  When I ordered this chain, I wasn't really expecting much. I just needed a good silver chain to wear with my silver pendants. When I got it, it was such a glistening beautiful chain, that I wear it will all of my silver pendants. I'm planning on ordering the same chain in several lengths. It well exceeded my expectations. <end>  Just what I was looking for!  I was looking for a chain for a charm that I bought for my granddaughter. This one was exactly what I was looking for. It was very pretty and durable. I would buy this again. <end>  Sterling Silver Chain  Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" NecklaceI am very pleased with this sterling silver chain. It is thin but strong and very attractive to look at. I would definitely buy from this vendor again. <end>  I love this company  This chain was perfect, sturdy and elegant. I have bought several things online from Gem Avenue and everything that I have recieved has been high quality at a great price. <end>  Sterling Silver 22 inch chain.  Quality chain necklace @ a very reasonable price. I bought this as a gift to go with a pendant previously purchased. My hard to please daughter absolutely loved this! <end>  great buy!!  These necklaces are durable and very pretty. Amazing price and exactly as advertised. Would definitely buy from here again. <end>  very satisfied  Necklaces were as described and arrived within the time period. Would purchase from this vendor again. <end>  Beautiful  It was so great to be able to find such a great quality chain on-line. It was a gift and was adored. I would definately recommend it to others. <end>  Very beautiful silver chain  I love this sterling silver chain! We bought it for our 10 y.o. daughter and finding a 16-inch chain was key. The chain came in many other lenghts too. Our daughter wears it with her sterling silver cross pendant everyday! The cost was very inexpensive for the quality. And the item was shipped immediately. Thank you! <end>  Very nice  The chain was lovely and has a very good clasp on it. Was very pleased with the quality. <end>  Made a wonderful gift!  This was exactly what I was looking for. My son had asked me to help him find a pretty but sturdy chain for a claddagh pendant he was giving his girlfriend for christmas. This was perfect.It's very strong and looks great. Shipped fast too. Best of all she loved it! <end>  Silver Chain  I love it .. it is sturdy, comfortable to wear, easy to put on, and nice to look at. <end>  This Was The "Special Touch"  I bought this item to give as a gift to my sister for Christmas. I had purchased a very unusual pendant but couldn't find the "perfect" chain until I found this one. The quality of the chain is very good, the length was perfect, and when I put the pieces together they looked like they were "custom made". My sister was thrilled! Thanks for such a great product with PROMPT and courteous service attached! <end>  Great value  This is a great little chain. I bought 3. 2 for my daughters and one for me, unfortunately I gave one to my sister now I have to order another one.  )I got the 18 inch length which worked out perfect for the pendants I put on them. Lovely chain. <end>  Very good product for the money  Received the necklace quickly around Christmastime which was pleasantly surprising. Good quality and exactly as described. <end>  Five Stars says it all!  Delicate but perfect for lighter weight pendants. Everything, including delivery date was as advertized. <end>  Great chain  I'm so pleased with this chain. I had to guess my size and I got the perfect one (not that it has anything to do with the chain, I was just shocked that it fit). The chain seems sturdy enough that it will last me a while. The price was great and the shipping was fast! <end>  Outstanding  The chain i purchased is absolutely stunning to say the least and was extremely easy to purchase. It was shipping to me very quickly even though i paid for standard shipping. I'll definately buy from Gem Avenue again in the future. <end>  Great gift  I bought this necklace as a gift for a 19 year old girl and she just loved it! I would buy this again for others! <end>  Good Quality for an affordable price  I found the quality of the chain to be better than I had expected due to the affordable price. It's very elegant and classy. I would recommend this product to anyone, just be wary of the size, might not fit someone with large proportions <end>  Excellent!  This necklace was purchased for a Christmas present. My sister loved it and it holds the pendant well . <end>  Gift for Daughter (9)  I bought this as a gift for my 9 year-old daughter. She loves it, and the 14 inch chain is the perfect length! Great quality, great seller! Will purchase from them again! <end>  Satisfied Customer  I bought this chain as a gift for my daughter to put a lovely charm on. She was thrilled with the gift. <end>  Great Product  The necklace was beautiful and very well priced. I went to a store to find a similar chain and could not beat the value I found online. Thanks again for the great quality of this product for an excellent price! <end>  Beautiful  The chain is just the right thing to accent several of my pieces. Good stuff! <end>  SILVER NECKLACES - GREAT JOB!.  The necklaces came really fast, they were exactly as described and exactly what I was hoping they would be. I would not hesitate to order from here again. S. Petersson <end>  silver chain  The chain is great, nice and strong. Good clasp and it was shipped and arrived very quickly. <end>  Beautiful chains  I have purchased six silver chains, various sizes. To describe in one word, they are "silky." Very rich looking,, they enhance any pendant or charm you put on them. Very sturdy in quality, very delicate in appearance. <end>  Great Buy  This was an absolute great buy! I purchased it for my father to put a cross on. When we got it, not only was it the perfect length, it matched the dazzle of the cross. He wears it everyday, and really loves it! It is a truly quality product, and dealing with the seller was an enjoyable experience. <end>  sparkly sparkle  I brought this for my birthday and I just love it works great with mostly any silver charms I have <end>  Works For Me  I needed a chain to put my Christopher Reeve Go Forward Superman dogtag on, and this works perfectly! Plus, it comes in a nice looking box, and the chain itself has a nice shine to it! <end>  Beautiful chain  I bought 4 of these for my girlfriend and we BOTH absolutely love them! Received them rather quickly to boot (U.S. Mail, 3 days from coast-to-coast which was a pleasant surprise) and all items were packaged nicely! These chains are EXACTLY as advertised and appear to be high quality!! Thank you!!!! <end>  Great necklace!  Perfect length and an overall great chain, exactly as described. Arrived very quickly. thanks! <end>  necklace and pendants  The pendants are very pretty, the chains to go with them are what I was looking for for my wife. I would definitely recommend Gem Avenue products, especially with the free shipping incentive if you spent $50.00 or more. <end>  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful necklace. I ordered it for my daughter, & I will definitely be ordering more as Christmas presents for my nieces, and maybe I need one, too! <end>  Love it.  I am very pleased with the quality. It is just what I needed. It is long enough for me. I don't like anything too close to my neck. I'm now thinking of ordering a 20" to wear together. Love it. <end>  Great for Price  Need a simple necklace that looks attractive and has a nice clasp that doesn't break or cause you trouble? This is it.The chain isn't as thick as I originally thought, but that is credited to my ignorance with jewelry and how big 1MM is. However, the 24" length has worked out perfectly as a simple necklace to wear I would highly recommend this to anyone.It makes a great small and inexpensive gift that can still be appreciated. <end>  Disappointing and not what i expected  Waaay to small. You can barely see the links. Not what I had hoped for. i guess for $10 you get what you pay for. Actually $20 (10 for shipping) <end>  Great  This is a great chain, looks great, feels great, looks/feels high quality. The clasp is small so it is a bit hard but the nice thing is you can simply put a pendent on of any size. <end>  Nice product, just what I needed  I bought three of these as gifts to give people with pendants I had bought elsewhere. They were perfect for that purpose--not too heavy looking but also not flimsy. Great, basic sterling silver chains. <end>  Box Link 1mm Chain Necklace  The BOX1MM-18 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver Box Link Chain Necklace is made very well. It is sturdy and very attractive. The charm that I purchased it for fit very nicely on it, and it matched just like they were made together.I would gladly recommend this item to anyone that wants asterling silver necklace that is durable and looks good when wearing it. <end>  Looks good!  Just got it for a V-day present. Looks great! Shiny and silverShe'll most likely love it with the pendant I got <end>  Simple, pretty, good value...  I purchased this chain because I purchased a set of matching mother daughter pendants for myself and my mom for Valentines day and it came with only one chain, so I needed a second. I also have to be choosy because I have very sensitive skin and can't wear jewelry containing nickel, so this was a natural choice. It was a good price, the chain is simple but attractive, and seems pretty sturdy while maintaining an elegant appearance. I've been wearing it for several days now and it has not caused any irritation whatsoever, and I'm so thankful. Often times, a product is said to be nickel free, and I still have an allergic reaction- not this time. I'm very pleased! <end>  Very nice chain  I am very pleased with the quality if this chain. I bought it to replace a very thin chain that came with a necklace for my wife. She likes the feel of the chain and it's easier for old fingers to fasten and unfasten. I would definately but this one again. <end>  Great chain!  This chain is sturdy. I bought it to put a charm that my boyfriend got me for our one year..and it's really held up nicely! <end>  Beautiful Necklace  beautiful necklace, prompt service, will order again from this site. Box chain link is a very elegant design and goes well with my pendant. <end>  Beautiful!  The box chain is a classic.Every woman needs at least one, usually several in various lengths.I will make Amazon's partner Gem Avenue my choice for silver chains based on the quality of this one. <end>  Beautiful chain  This chain is absolutely beautiful!!!!! I wear it almost every day and just switch out the charm that I have on it. I have had no problems with it at all, and it would make a wonderful gift, for someone else or for yourself...=) <end>  Nice chain  This chain is a replacement for a flimsy one that shipped with a silver cross.... That broke immediately !This chain is delicate looking but strong enough to withstand my wife's day at the gym. I highly recommend it as a replacement for many of the "included" chains shipped with jewlrey. <end>  Box Link 1MM Chain Necklace 18"  I purchased this Box Chain Necklace as a replacement for a chain necklace that was way to small for a pendant. The Box Chain Necklace is a perfect size and much stronger than the original chain necklace. It is a Birthday gift for a girl friend of mine and I am sure she will totally enjoy it. Couldn't beat the price for sure and shipping was a snap. Overall I am very pleased with the whole deal. Thank you Gem Avenue for a great product and very fast shipping. <end>  Pretty but very fragile  The necklace was as pictured, but was very fragile and my son has already broken it after less than a week. The clasp did not spring closed automatically, and apparently it opened while he was wearing it, fell off, and was stepped on and broke. I guess you get what you pay for! I would only recommend it for a very cautious child with a very thin neck. I should have returned it due to the clasp before it was broken. <end>  Just what I wanted  I needed a strong chain to put my charms on for work. This box chain fit the bill and is lovely. <end>  Great silver chain  Works well and looks really good when my wife is wearing it around her neck. She has nickle dermatitis so it's kind of difficult to buy her any jewelry at times, even silver jewelry depending on the silver is made. This chain has not caused her to break out at all. Wish that I could say the same about the pendant that I had bought to go with the chain.Since she has begun wearing it for the last couple of weeks it is proving to be very durable. It also doesn't seem to be tarnishing, it continues look good over time. <end>  Beautiful necklace  I bought this necklace to replace the one I lost. The necklace I lost was from a high end store and not even close to as pretty as this one. This necklace is very shiny, the length is perfect, I didn't want it too long. The price is awesome as well along with super fast shipping. Will definitely purchase from this vendor again. <end>  Beautiful Chain  This is a beautiful chain especially for the price. I liked that I could order just the length I wanted and the service was first rate. I will be buying from this company again! <end>  Fantastic Deal!  For what I paid this is a high quality chain for a great deal. It's important to me to have chains with different widths/lengths to choose from for my many pendants. This chain is sturdy, shiny and cleans easily (a plus for silver). Would definitely buy again  ) <end>  beautiful box chain  this is a beautiful box chain, bought it to go with a pendant I bought for my wife for our 40th wedding anniversary It looks perfect with pendant... Great product <end>  Sterlling Silver Necklace  I'm very pleased with this beautiful necklace - simple, yet elegant and it arrived within the week. <end>  Gem Avenue Sterling Silver 1MM necklace  I received that product as stated in the description within four days. The chain itself is very sturdy and looks fantastic. It was perfect for hanging a charm I had purchased for a friend. The clasp is strong and I would definitely recommend buying from Gem Avenue. I would make this purchase again. <end>  Great product!  I have lived in Italy for 3 years, and let me tell you I know the quality of real Italian jewelery. When I received this chain, It was the same quality as in San Marino, 8 years ago. My wife is very happy.AAA+ ProductThank you! <end>  Box Link sterling silver chain.  This chain was very nice, delicated, yet strong. I Used it to hold a large pendent. I like the look of the box link, and it is comfortable, not getting my hair caught in it. <end>  Perfect  Needed a chain and this was perfect. The 22" is in between a regular necklace chain and a long one...i should have gone with a longer one I think. <end>  UnBeLiVeaBle!!  These guys are great!! Last min. I had to contact the seller to change the size of my girlfriends necklace, and they did it so quickly. The response time was great. Fast shipping!!! Came in a nice little box and my girlfriend love the necklace!! It looked so great on the charm that I got her!! She liked it alot and said that for the price we should get 3 or 4 next time! It does not get tangled in her hair like the last necklace she had!! It looks great and it was nice and small!! Perfect for her nice charm!! This is a nice quality product and great shipping from the seller!! Thanks!! Grade A++++++++ <end>  Great price!  Neckless is good quality for the money, so you can not good wrong. The 16'' and 20'' size are hard to find in the stores. <end>  Perfect chain for the perfect price!  I've only worn this chain a couple of times, but so far am very happy with the quality. I bought a pendant while on vacation in St. Thomas and needed a chain to wear it with. The cheapest chains I've seen were more than double what I paid for this one! Also, I would like to add, the chain arrived promptly and packaged very well. If I need anymore chains in the future I will not hesitate to order from this place again! <end>  good choice  I bought this to replace a very fragile chain. It is sturdy but not large and is holding up very well. Definitely would buy another one of these if the need arises. <end>  Very nice quality and a nice price!  I ordered this chain necklace to put with a locket we ordered from another site. Their chains where much more expensive This chain exceeded my expectations. It has a high quality feel to it and looked great with the locket. It was a Christmas gift and the recipient was absolutely thrilled. Thanks for a great deal and fast shipping! <end>  Delicate but Sturdy  This item was purchased with another gift set of pendants. The necklace retains its Delicate appearance but is made with a more study boxed link than the flimsy ones included with pendants.Excellent product. Was well received by recipient. <end>  Great deal!  This is an absolutely great deal! High-quality chain, really good price and rapid ship. Will definitely buy again when I need another chain! <end>  Truly Nickel Free  Very beautiful necklace and truly nickel free. I purchased this item because of the claim that it was nickel free. I had bought jewelry elsewhere that were supposedly nickel free and they weren't. I have been wearing this chain for 3 weeks now and it has not caused any irritation at all. I will definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Absolutely beautiful!  I was looking for a silver chain to wear my husband's dog tags on while he's in Iraq. When I saw the great reviews for this one I decided to try it. The reviews were right on. The necklace is very shiny and pretty. I couldn't be more pleased with it. It's just the right thickness - not too thick or too thin. I highly recommend it, and the price is great too. <end>  Great necklace!!  This was a great necklace, perfect for locket or charms. Appears very strong for a necklace. Item was also packaged nicely. <end>  I've had these for a year now, and they still look good  This was a great price for a great necklace. Stayed just as it was delivered. I would definitely recommend this product! <end>  Very nice!  Bought this necklace as a Christmas gift for my Mom. I'm going to put Pandora beads on it of my chosing.. she's going to love it! The necklace is the perfect length and wonderful condition! <end>  Beautiful Chains  I bought three 14 inch chains for my granddaughter's birthstone charms. The chains are flexible, shiny and easy for pre-teen girls to put on and take off. I'd recommend these to anyone. <end>  Excellent  I purchased one of these to go with a charm as a Christmas gift for my mother. I ordered it rather late, but it arrived on time and she loves it. It's good quality and I will most likely purchase one for myself sometime soon. <end>  Great buy  Looking to pick up replacement chain for my wife. Surprised by how cheap the price was....didn't know what to expect. Chain arrived and was perfect, much better quality than what was being replaced, and the clasp (which broke on the one being replaced) was high quality and easy to use. Extremely satisfied. <end>  Great quality  I purchased this item for my daughter to wear with a charm picture of her son. The chain makes the look. It is of great quality and really makes the whole look expensive and well done.Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" Necklace <end>  Love the chain  Ordered a 16" chain and very happy with it. It's very thick and nice looking, definitely worth the price. <end>  Beautiful  These chains are better than I expected. They are a nice weight and so brilliant they sparkle. I bought four to place charms on for Christmas gifts, but will buy more when I need gifts in the future. <end>  durable necklace  i bought this necklace for my 6 year old daughter. it was her first necklace so i wanted something that would be durable for a very active little girl. She absolutely LOVES it!!! It holds up to sleeping in it AND playing with it on. She has 2 brothers and believe me they play hard, rolling around on the floor inside and the grass outside, jumping on the trampoline and all. We have had for a little bit now and it does not have a crinkle in it. Still looks as good as the day we bought it, and still shiny! I definitely recommend this necklace for anyone that is active and needs something to withstand day to day activities. <end>  Perfection Plus  I ordered this chain to specifically use with a very beautiful sterling silver cross. I was very pleased when I received it as it matched so closely with the cross you would swear it came with it. It is made very well, the clasp is responsive and easy to open and close. I am extremely happy with it and recommend it highly. It can be worn alone, with other chains or, as I have done, worn with a very special cross, religious medal or other sterling silver pendants. <end>  Good Item  I havent honestly gave it as a gift yet but it seems to be a great item. I bought it for my wife for Christmas. I am hoping that it all goes well. <end>  Beautiful and a Bargain  I bought two of these chains and couldn't be more pleased. They are beautiful in quality and they were shipped delicately and quickly. This amazon seller is outstanding. A pleasure to do business with. I would recommend to anyone needing to make a jewelry purchase to do so with this seller. <end>  Beautiful  I was worried about ordering this online but had a great experience with a gold chain so went ahead. this necklace is beautiful and excellent quality. Much nicer than anything I saw in the stores for twice the price. Quick shipping. <end>  Worth the money!  I just received this in the mail. It's light and beautiful. Even the box it was in is beautiful. I love this. <end>  Still going strong.  I was a bit weary to buy this necklace because of the reviews, but its been a year of continued use and it is still great! I actually bought it for my boyfriend to replace one that had broken a few times and was repaired a few times. I ordered the 18' and it was perfect. It holds a heavy silver cross so I was kind of worried, but it has held up great. He wears it in the shower, while working out, etc and isn't too careful, and its still in one piece!My only complaint is that it tarnished rather quickly <end>  Thin Chain  Item did not accurately match description. Item was much smaller in size than anticipated. I had bought it for my 7yr old daughter to wear with her charm. Because of its frail nature, I'd suspect by the end of the month, the chain would have broken under the weight of my daughters small necklace charm. <end>  Beautiful quality  This was EXACTLY what my girls were looking for! It's well-made and arrived in a nice box, too. My girls were thrilled to receive this for Christmas! <end>  like it  nice quality necklace. the clasp works well and is decent quality. the necklace appears like it should last for a while. <end>  Perfect Necklace  This necklace was perfect for my daughter!! Inexpensive, yet elegant and nice. She can wear it with or without a pennant. <end>  sterling silver chain  it was what i orered . it will go with my new charm. i have a small one that it will look real good with <end>  Good, not stellar  Not as high-quality as I expected, but it will do what we need (hang around a neck). Good deal for the price. <end>  SS chain  I bought this to go with a pendant I ordered for my granddaughter and it was the perfect length and priced right too. <end>  Very shiny  Looks nice but it's still box for xmas. Good buy though. Great price it was deliver early which was great. <end>  Great Quality!  Very nice! Happy with the quality. Surprised at the price! It is a gift and I'm pleased. Thanks so much <end>  I liked it so much i got a second one.  Good value for the money. I liked it so much I got a second one for my son. It holds up well. <end>  Beautiful chain.  I wear this chain every day and have since I bought it. It is beautiful and sturdy and I highly recommend it to replace the tiny store chains to keep the pendants on them safe. <end>  Perfect for my daughter!  I ordered the necklace for my daughter, and it fits just right! I would recommend it to anyone looking for a silver necklace. <end>  Decent chain  Good chain to hang a small pendant from. Picture shows a nicer clasp than what you actually get. It's just a plain little spring ring cheapie clasp. <end>  eh, its okay  nothing super special. wish I had purchased one that was longer, felt it was too small, but for the most part it was okay <end>  Exactly as advertised  I needed a longer silver chain for a pendant. This chain was exactly what I was looking for and did not dissappoint. <end>  Better then expected  This isn't a amazing necklace and it's not claiming it is. But it has been great so especially for the price. I can sleep in it and it doesn't break so I'm happy. <end>  1mm-22 Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver Sturdy Box Link 1MM  This chain will go beautifully with the pendant I bought for my daughter for Christmas. I am very well pleased. <end>  It broke the first day.  I purchased this for my daughter for her birthday. The chain itself (not the clasp) broke within a few hours. I don't know if it was a fluke or something, but she has been wearing one of my similar chains for two months and it is fine. <end>  Necklace  The necklace was beautiful. The chain was sturdy. I just didn.t order the right length. I would recommend this chain. <end>  Exquisite chain.  This chain far exceeded my expectations. Beautiful, strong yet delicate. Glitters so much you could wear it without adding a pendant. It is definitely big bling for little bucks. <end>  Very Nice Chain  Chain showed up, not as pictured. Had regular clasp and picture showed lobster clasp. Contacted seller and they put a lobster clasp on it for me. Very pleased. <end>  Perfect charm chain!  D  I bought this to replace a generic chain on a charm that I bought for my girlfriend's birthday. Very strong chain. Before I put the charm on it, I gave it a strength test, and tugged and twisted it fairly hard to make sure it wouldn't break, and it didn't even warm a single link! She's a rough and tumble girl, but likes to wear anything that I buy her 24/7 so I had to make sure that it would withstand the beating that she would deal it. Love this purchase and will be buying more when I buy more charms. <end>  Best deal  First, I want to say I was shocked when this chain arrived so quickly. I even rechecked my orders on Amazon. This is a gorgeous chain. It is femine but very strong. The shine is great but not cheap looking. It is a very good looking and sturdy chain. I was going to make a necklace to sell out of it but have it on right now without any kind of pendant on it. You don't need a pendant on it for it to look beautiful. Best investment and I am going now to order some more in different lengths. <end>  Nice chain  I purchased the 30" chain -- it's very pretty and delicate, and a good value for the price. <end>  Delicate silver chain  A nice quality little chain, perfect for a light pendant. It will hold heaver stuff, but I think the 1MM is better for the lighter, smaller stuff. Just my opinion. <end>  22in Chain- very nice!  I love this chain! It is the perfect lenth and I love the box look. It is exactly what I wanted! Thanks! <end>  Very sleek chain!  I bought this chain for my mom for mothers day and she loved it! The chain looks very nice and goes great with her charms. <end>  DON'T Buy the silver turns to black in a couple of months past the return date.  I've worn this neclace for about 2 months and it's black now, never had that happen with a silver chain. Don't waste your money. <end>  Good Quality/...run a little short in length  This chain is strong and has a nice weight for it's 1mm size. The silver is rather white. It's not one of those silver chains that can be mistaken for white gold. Instead, it looks like what it is...good quality, nickel free, silver. It has a slight sheen.This chain is a little shorter than my other 18" chains. Recently, I purchased 3 chains from Gem Avenue. All are a little shorter in length. I measured them. The actual chain is not 18". Gem Avenue measures their lengths to include the spring ring clasp. Their chains are 1/4" shorter than all my other chains, of the same stated length. It's a small amount, but suprisingly, I can tell the difference when wearing.What I like most about this chain; it doesn't twine or twist the way some silver box links will. While wearing, it maintains it's smooth look. The little box links stay straight. <end>  Addition  I have purchased SS chains from 3 of your suppliers over the past year and have found all of them to be exactly as described-beautiful and well made. <end>  Classic Necklace Chain done right  The box chain is a classic. Every woman needs at least one, usually several in various lengths. The box chain from Gem Avenue is well done. This chain is smooth, with no burrs to snag fine clothing; the pendants or beads you place on it will slide easily. As I sometimes share jewelry with my sister, I need chains that are nickel-free because of her allergy to nickel. There isn't a lot you can say about a box chain, but this one is sturdy for its small link size, sparkly, hypo-allergenic and has a quality clasp. As I replace jewelry that was lost in a move, I will make Amazon's partner Gem Avenue my choice for silver chains based on the quality of this one. <end>  Silver Chain  I was extremely pleased with the sterling silver chain I purchased. It was exactly what I wanted. Thank you. <end>  Sterling Necklace  I bought this necklace for my boyfriend. He thought I had spent alot of money on this chain. This chain is very well made and for the price you can't be it. It went well with the pendant I bought for him and it's a great deal. <end>  silver chain necklace  Good quality and great price.I added a silver charm and it made a great gift. I bookmarked your site so I can order more in the future. <end>  Really Pretty!  Love this 20" chain - just right for a small memorial pendant - doesn't have the lobster clasp as stated above - but still a nice chain - just the right weight and shine! May need to check out seller for other good buys. <end>  Cheap and flimsy  I bought this to wear with a pendant my daughter gave me for my birthday. I want to wear the pendant on a daily basis, and I am allergic to nickel, so this appealed to me. In the picture, the chain has a more substantial weight and deeper silver color.In reality, this is a cheap looking chain, thin, too shiny, and easily crimped just by storage in a box. It doesn't make me break out, but I doubt I'll be breaking it in, either. This is what I get for buying jewelry online; the picture is better than the reality. <end>  Better than expected  Decent 1mm chain. Sturdy. It holds up well to 10-15mm diameter gemstone pendants. We ordered the 22" length and are pleased. Works well for costume jewelry and charms. I wouldn't buy this to hold expensive jewelry. I could see how some might have trouble with it holding up over long term. For $16.99, it's a decent piece of jewelry. <end>  Fabulous  I purchased the Necklace as a Christmas gift for my mother. She's been wearing her favorite charm on a rusty piece of chain for several months because she can't afford anything nice. When the package arrived, my son exclaimed, "Wow, that's beautiful. Granny is going to love it!" I can't wait till Christmas to see the expression on her face when she opens it. Thank you for having such a beautiful and affordable product. <end>  Great chain,  Even though I got this chain as a replacement for a rather "basic" chain for a pendant, I think it would be great by itself.I like that it came in a box, too. Some chains I have ordered from other places have just given me a pouch, or even a plastic zip-loc bag.Definite quality here, I fully recommend it. <end>  Great chain at a great price  I bought several of these in various lengths for gift pendants and every one was a winner. The silver is bright and shiny, the link is sturdy but looks just right for a pendant. The ring clasp seems strong and every one worked smoothly. These were shipped superfast and well packaged. I checked prices in my local "big box" store and these are better chains at a lower price even with shipping. I am definitely a happy customer. <end>  sterling chain  This is not a sterling silver chain!!! I can only wear real sterling or gold everything else gives me a really bad rash.The only thing I can give it is it's pretty.To bad it's not as advertised. <end>  Perfect Chain  I purchased this chain for my new infinity charm. It's perfect.I never take it off for showers or at bedtime.Great quality and Perfect length (18") <end>  It's so so  It is almost to shiny and white to appear too be real sterling silver. I'm somewhat disappointed. Also no chains available in 15,, 16, & 17 inch lengths. <end>  little short but perfect.  little short but perfect. lj loh ubg u u g guyf yv y vyuv 8yv y v v gi guig giu b <end>  One of the best chains I have purchesed  I have baught my last 2-3 chains from Gem, all are steardy, can handle my heavist pendents,The chain that you by from gem are on of the best. How ever I did brake on in half when cleaning it.So be careful if you need to shine it up a bit. One major thing I do like is it's not coated with anti tarnish solution, which I allergic to. <end>  Tarnished/turned black within a week!  I've been wearing nickel free sterling silver chains for most of my life, and never have I had any of them turn black - especially not within a week of putting them on! This chain was extremely disappointing, and while it didn't mark my neck, I was embarrassed to wear it because of the discoloration. It washed easily enough in a silver jewelry cleaner but I'm now hesitant to wear it again because of how obviously low quality it is. <end>  useful  when it yucky outside, inclement weather.. i tend to clean my jewelry to rid the tarnish. i use a dip or a cloth...i wear necklaces all the time and i like to have either a box chain and/or a snake chain in my collection at all times. <end>  Perfect size, length, presentation  Since it was Gem Avenue, I knew I couldn't go wrong. I have many pendants and this one will show them off! The links and clasp are great for me. The chain itself is beautiful - I have another one for either a gift to give or to wear alone. <end>  Perfect!  I needed a 22" chain, so I bought this one and another one. This one was by far my favorite of the two! It is just what I wanted  delicate without being fragile, and not overly shiny. <end>  Perfect size and look.  I bought this cause the pendant I bought came with an 18" inch chain which I thought was a bit small for my neck. I bought this in 24" and it is the perfect size and great looking. <end>  Attractive Sterling Silver 1MM Italian Box Link Chain,14", 16", 18", 20". 22", 24", 30" Necklace  This is a great purchase for anyone needing chains for pendants or charms or just to have on hand for backups. A good price and whichever size you need - saves a lot of time looking for the right length. Well recommended. <end>  great quality for price  great customer service, very informative, chain actually more beautiful in person than pictured!bought as a quick replacement to a Tiffany's chain that had become tarnished, just as beautiful. <end>  prompt delivery  The product arrived in a very short period of time and was perfect. It was described perfectly and was everything I had hoped <end>  20" Box Link Chain  This is exactly what I was looking for, good quality at a great price. Shipping was fast and the item was nicely packaged.I would definately order again. <end>  Great Chain  The chain is very good quality. I like that it comes in a little gift box and in a little clear bag to protect the chain. And it's the perfect length. <end>  Surprising value!  This silver chain is a surprising value. It is well-made, good quality, and very elegant on your neck. <end>  Happy Customer  I recently ordered and received a 30" 1 mm Italian Box Link chain from Gem Avenue. I was very pleased about three things  #1)The customer service was great. #2)The box chain advertised was exactly as described -excellent quality, beautiful. 3)The price of such a nice quality chain was just too good to be true! My overall experience with both Gem Avenue and the product sold to me was pleasing and excellent, and I definitely would order from them again in the future! <end>  Love it!  I love this chain. Perfect length and the quality is nice. I haven't had to polish it yet. <end>  Silver Chain  Beautiful chain; unbeatable price and VERY speedy delivery. Will definitely order through you again! Thanks for everything  ) <end>  Pay a little for a lot....  is all I can say, the quality was quite surprising, even my mother couldn't complain, and that says a lot. <end>  Gorgeous chains  I bought two of these right off the bat since the price was unbelievably reasonable. I am so glad that I did because the quality of these chains is unsurpassed. Strong yet delicate box link and they sparkle stunningly! I actually double up (wear two at a time) with some of my heavier pendants. Highly recommended, and I will definitely purchase from this seller again. <end>  Nice quality silver chain  I purchased a 24" 1 mm silver chain for a cross that belongs to my husband. I am very pleased with the quality of the chain and the bargain price I paid. My husband is very happy with it. Thank you.Mary McCauley <end>  Very pretty chain  I purchased this chain for my niece and she just loves it. It is very pretty without being too delicate. It has a nice shine to it and was well worth the money. <end>  Surprise!  This chain was inexpensive, great for my use, fast delivery and excellent customer service. I cant wait to order again! <end>  New Sterling Silver Box Link Chain Necklace 1 MM  This was exactly what I was looking for. The quality was better than expected and I have since bought more as gifts! Great Product! <end>  Just what I was looking for at the right price!  I am one of those people who have an almost nonexistent neck, and the standard 18" chain doesn't work under any circumstances. Trying to get a necklace or a pendant chain at 24"-30" is nearly impossible unless you are willing to pay through the nose to get it! This is just right! I got the 30" box chain. It is sturdy, nice looking, very strong, and perfect for the pendant enhancer I got for Christmas (sans chain). You won't be disappointed with this purchase. There are so many lengths available that you can't go wrong. VERY GOOD QUALITY ALSO!!!! <end>  Sterling Silver Box Chain "16"  This chain is very nice, strong and very servicable for most pendants. I needed a shorter one to wear with open necked tops and it does the job. I have many pendants but all my chains are long. Thank you. <end>  Nice chain for the price  My daughter was looking for a chain so I found this for her, she likes it a lot. <end>  Beautiful!  Beautiful chain, sturdy, shiny, elegant.I love Gem Avenue and their products, I will definately continue to buy from them! <end>  Very Pleased!!!  I ordered two of the 18" silver box chains. First, they arrived in record time (I ordered from Gem Avenue) and each were packaged securely and boxed separately. The chains are exactly what I was hoping to receive. They are sturdy without looking cheap (and actuallly look very expensive). They hang nicely and the clasp looks well made. I have two silver pendants that I like to wear often so it was important to get a chain for each that would withstand daily wear. Additionally, I have long hair which can sometimes be problematic when wearing chains. My hair can get caught in a clump near the clasp or I can inadvertantly break the chain when brushing my hair. I chose the "box" type chain and this type of clasp for these reasons as it's the strongest chain available while still looking dainty. I'm very pleased with both the quality and the price. I tried to get the same kind of chain at our local department store and it was twice as much. You won't be disappointed! <end>  great chain  this is just what my wife needed to replace a chain with broken clasp. very nice chain, excellent price. <end>  Very Nice  This chain was just what I was looking for. I bought it for a Gator pendant I purchased when the Florida Gators won the NCAAF championship. I don't wear jewelry often... especially big, gaudy 'bling'. GO GATORS!! <end>  Great Product!  I bought three of these and am extremely pleased with the quality. They are exactly what I was looking for and I would recommend them to anyone! <end>  Perfect Gift  I bought 2 of these chains for my daughter and her BFF, we added to them BFF pendants they wear half each. These really are nice quality chains and I am very pleased with them, plus they were not over the top in price. They came in perfect condition and on time. I will be using this seller again and recommend them to anyone looking for good quality jewlery and great service. <end>  Great Deal  Was very pleased with this necklace. It was exactly what I wanted. In fact I plan to order another one in a different length.Received very fast...would order from again. <end>  Great Box Chain  Great Chain. Being a box chain, I don't have to worry about losing any pendant I wear on this chain. It is also a lovely, classy looking chain <end>  Italian Box Link Chain  I bought my daughter a locket, the chain was very thin and broke. I wanted something inexpensive that was strong enough that she wouldn't lose it. Would recommend. Love Amazon one click. <end>  Great Silver, Great Price, Great S&H  )  The only thing I can say I'd prefer different is a lobster clasp as this one is small and hard to put on with nails. But it is hands down the best price on a sterling silver quality chain and I will return to this seller for more items  ) I cannot wear gold or platinum, as it turns my skin black on contact-so since I like quality, great silver and awesome buys always make me a very hapopy girl  ) I recieved this as a gift and was very pleased  ) <end>  Chain Review  All I needed was a nice, sturdy chain. My previous chain which held some objects on it was the original and lasted years. I've had this one for a bit now and it seems just as durable as the last and looks just as nice. Ship time and cost of the item were great. <end>  Good Fit  After buying this necklace I tried this on myself and found the ease it has of sliding it on and off when I need to do so. This necklace well designed and has real class. I highly recommend this to anyone in need of a necklace. <end>  Turned out great.  I bought this chain to go along with a necklace that I purchased, and I think it accented it quite nicely. It wasn't too thick, or too thin. It seemed very durable, and it being made of sterling silver will ensure it doesn't leave any weird discoloration.Aside from all of that, it's CHEAP. I'm getting ready to buy another one pretty soon. <end>  Great Value  The picture does not show how pretty and delicate the necklace is. It looks very expensive. You can't find anything this nice for such a reasonable price in a store. LOVE IT!! <end>  great buy!  The chain came just as described in a cute little silver box  ) It's in excellent condition and I can tell that it's high quality! Definitely worth it for the price! I got the 16'but, I wish I would have gotten the 18' so it could be a bit longer. The 16' is too short for my style but still high quality! <end>  Beautiful!  This chain is just as beautiful as the description says it was! I would definitely shop at this merchant again! <end>  Beautiful!  Very beautiful chain! bought it for a gift but may keep it for myself. LOL <end>  Awesome Chain  I ordered this chain for my 10 year old niece. I already had a pendant. OMG! She loves, loves, loves it. It's very sparkly. She wears it all the time. It's very sturdy. Great Product. Thanks. <end>  Perfect  This necklace was perfect for the charm i bought for my girlfriend. It was the perfect size. thanks <end>  Fast Delivery  The chain was delivered quickly and is very attractive. The chain is of good quality and holds a pendant well. <end>  Sparkling Dainty Necklace  I received my necklace today as a gift to myself. It came properly packaged and the service was excellent. To my surprise this necklace looks dainty and sparkly, but undeniably strong at the same time. I will be buying different lengths of this 1MM Italian box style and putting charms on them. I got the 30" and it fits perfectly. Beautiful indeed, I highly recommend such an excellent deal on very fine silver. <end>  sparkles  Beautiful necklace...I've had it for over a month. Holds up for daily wear 24/7 and continues to sparkle. <end>  What a bargain!  I have purchased sterling silver online before, but this italian box chain was a great deal. The quality was excellent and the price wasexceptional. And the fact that it is available in at least 7 lengths israre. <end>  24" Sterling Silver Necklace  This is a lovely necklace. I especially like that the seller offers it in different sizes. <end>  1MM Italian Box Link Chain  This item arrived quickly, and it was not in a jumbled mess as with some chains I have ordered before. It was exactly what I wanted. <end>  Beautiful and Fast  I needed the right silver chain for a pendant that I'd purchased my mother for Christmas. To be honest I didn't expect much, and felt like I was taking a chance by ordering it from a vendor on Amazon. Much to my surprise I was completely wrong. This chain shipped very quickly, was packaged really nicely, and was in excellent condition. It actually added a sparkle to the pendant instead of the other way around, and the length was exactly what I'd requested. I'll definately do business with this seller again. <end>  necklace  i am quite pleased with the chain i ordered. the description was accurate and the quality is great <end>  Beautiful  I bought 5 silver chains to go on some museum pieces i bought for 5 great granddaughters. They truly exceeded my expectations, the price was great, but they were so beautiful and well made. loved the lobster clasp. i was so pleasantly surprised. <end>  Silver Chain Necklace  I ordered the 30" silver necklace. It is well worth the money. I receive lots of compliments each time I wear it. It was exactly as described and shipped very fast! <end>  Just Right  I bought this chain to go with a big sister charm for my daughter. It is sturdy enough for the charm and looks great! <end>  Sterling Silver Necklace  This was a gift for my wife to go with a ringSterling Silver Hollywood Inspired "Precious" Engraved Ring, Size 6. She says that loves it...so I am pleased as well. The price was right and it came ahead of time which was a pleasant surprise. It really is beautiful !! Thanks <end>  Sterling Silver Chain Necklace  This necklace is one of the nicest necklaces around. It is light weight yet is very durable. It does not twist or gink and the quality is extra nice. <end>  Pretty little necklace  Don't be dissuaded from buying this because of the low price. This is a nice little necklace especially for a young lady. No it is nothing fancy but it does the job. The first one I bought as a gift to use with a small pendant broke after 2 months but my friend asked for a replacement of the same necklace because she liked it so much. <end>  Excellent Chains!  LOVED these chains! Beautiful chains, sturdy, just the right sparkle, length & PRICE!Bought them for my daughter & her friend for a graduation gift to hold silver graduation charms.Do not hesitate to buy! You will not be disappointed! (FAST shipping, too!) <end>  Perfect for yourself or as a gift  I ordered this as a gift for my mother. I was very delighted when I saw how beautiful this chain was. My mother has been enjoying her gift. It's so pretty. I plan to purchase one of these chains for myself. I strongly recommend this product and the seller, Gem Avenue. <end>  Nice find  Needed a silver chain for a nice pendant and this filled the bill wonderfully. It was reasonably priced and filled the bill quickly. Thanks a mil. <end>  Present for Grandaughter  I purchased this necklace to go with another item. She loved the Necklace and was still wearing it at valentines.I ordered this 2 days before Christmas and it arrivedright on schedule Christmas Eve. <end>  Sterling silver box link chain  This chain is very nice! I placed one of the pendants I purchased here online on this chain--the length is just perfect! The price is soooo reasonable! <end>  Beautiful chain, great price  This chain was exactly what I was looking for--simple, pretty, thin enough for a pendant but not so thin I will have to worry constantly about breakage. It is lovely! I'm very pleased. <end>  Sturdy, Durable Chain  I needed a chain to carry a pendent. This item is strong and sturdy despite delicate looks. I do fairly heavy workouts up to six days a week and this chain has not presented any problems! I would highly recommend it and would purchase again if needed. Great value for the money. <end>  Light, strong box-link silver chain  The chain is great. The clasp is standard, but I appreciated being able to get the small end through the piece I wanted to put on it. Seems strong (box-link), light and slender. Very pleased. <end>  Meets expectations  This chain was very nice looking and was what I expected. It was a good value for the price and I would purchase again. <end>  its a beautiful chain  Like I said its a beautiful chain very well made and the color of the silver its awesome and shinning, it came prompt and in a nice little box and I am very happy with it I used it every time I go to the gym to carry my gym card and it looks nice been approach by a few lady's he he really asking me were I got the chain or telling me that is a good idea and it looks good the way a carry the gym's card, I am thinking in getting a silver cross to carry the chain 24/7 <end>  Just right  This chain is "barely there", but strong, the the perfect way for me to keep a treasured keepsake near my heart, day and night. <end>  An excellent silver chain.  I purchased this to use with a silver pendant and it works very well. I got the 30" chain so it is easy to just lift it over my head when I'm going to bed for the night. I don't have to fumble with the clasp to put it on or take it off. It is also a very light chain and I'm not usually aware that I'm wearing it. I also think it looks good. It's definitely a bright silver chain, which is what I wanted. <end>  great gift  this was a gift for a friend. That person let me know they liked the necklace and the pendant that was sent. <end>  good buy  this is exactly what i am looking for and it's very sturdy.i tried to get a bit of a heavier chain [not by choice] at a jewelry store and they wanted 98usd due to high silver prices <end>  Simple but perfect!  Why review such a simple every day item like a sterling silver box chain? Because it is exactly what I needed!!! This box chain is exactly what I was looking for and at such an incredible price! Sure I could go to the mall and spend twice if not three times as much as this chain, and pray that it did not break. I love this chain for the length and the shine and sparkle it gives off when you wear it! It is quite sturdy hence the item description as I wear it to sleep. I am one of those people who doesn't take their jewelry off at night. Otherwise, I'd forget to put it on. I love the fact that it is nickel free, since i have a slight allergy to it. This is a great gift item for anyone of any age. Find a cute pendant to go along with it and you've got a great gift at an amazing price! I think I'll actually get a 20" so I can layer my pendants. I also love that it doesn't pinch my at all. I've had previous chains that like to pinch my neck. So if you are thinking of getting this necklace, just buy it! You won't be disappointed! I surely am not! And the shipping was super fast! I had it in no time! Plus the customer service reps are incredibly nice! <end>  very nice!  Will probably be ordering more as Xmas gifts for my daughter, sisters and neice. Look great with all my pendants and charms that I add to them. <end>  Great value for Sterling Box Link  This box link necklace is a very nice weight and an excellent value for less than $15. I have a variety of pendants and the 18 inch length is really great for every day use.BOX1MM-18 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver Sturdy Box Link 1mm Chain Necklace 18" <end>  I Love this Chain, it is Perfect  This Chain is just perfect for any type of charms or pendants and I exchange my charms almost every day and use this chain for most of them. Perfect Buy and Price, Thank you! <end>  Sterling Box1MM Italian Chain  I really like this small chain. It is gorgeous and looks as good as the picture. I am very pleased with the prompt shipping. I will order again from this vendor. <end>  pretty but...  This is pretty but it broke very easily! Although I do have a little one that is al ways touching it. But I felt it should have lasted a bit longer. I wouldn't buy again. <end>  shiny!!  For the price this is a great chain. I bought it to replace the one that came on a pendant I bought my girlfriend. She loves <end>  Just what I was looking for  Absolutely love it. I gave this necklace away to a friend and wanted another one just like it. It's much stronger than typical chains and I love the look - not so girly/delicate. I wear it with a couple different pendants and a ring. Highly recommended! <end>  Great chain, Versatile and Sturdy  The chain appears to be sturdy, and the clasp is of normal quality. I'm wearing it now, and it is quite comfortable. The clasp has a tiny inscription, "Italy 925". 925 usually indicates that a product is sterling silver. I saw that other reviewers doubted the authenticity of the silver, but I don't agree. It just seems like a really nice sterling silver chain for an inexpensive price. <end>  Very Sturdy  I bought this chain to replace a broken one that came with a charm that I bought from Swarovski (shame on them for including a cheap chain). In any case, this new chain is solid as a rock! Wife loves it! Hence I love it <end>  Sterling 30 in box chain  Loved the new chain, I recently received a jade pendant for my birthday on an 18 inch chain, I wanted it to hang lower because of the size of the pendant and this box chain is just right. Now when I wear it everyone can admire it. <end>  beautiful and elegant  The necklace arrived quickly and is beautiful. It is very elegant but simple. It is made with a small clasp so I can change what I put on it easily. I love the shorter length also. I bought the sixteen inch so it doesn't get hidden by the top I'm wearing. I love Amazon for their quick shipments and wide selection and great prices! Thank you Amazon! <end>  Perfect!  This is a beautiful chain, that my Girlfriend now Fiancee absolutely loves. Price was right , shipping was fast and Seller has it down. Thank You and I will be a return shopper. <end>  24" sterling silver 1 mm link chain.  I am quite pleased with this necklace. It is solid and nice looking. I was nervous about purchasing sight unseen, but it is just as nice looking as the picture. <end>  very pleased  Recieved this lovely little chain and it was just what I wanted. I ordered the 14 inch chain for my grandaughter and it will be perfect for her little charm. Seems to be sturdy and durable but feminine. Would recommend it to everyone! <end>  Solid Product  I gave this chain to my girlfriend to replace one that had broken. The chain is well made and looks to be a beautiful piece of jewelry. Her eyes lit up when she opened it so it must be pretty good. The price is very reasonable and the shipping speed was blazing. Great product, great seller. <end>  Excellent product, terrific value.  I ended up ordering three of these silver necklaces in different sizes. The necklaces are great and the service was extremely fast. All in all a very good deal. <end>  Outstanding chains  Lovely chains,good price,tracking info provided timely, and very fast delivery. Very pleased with my shopping experience and will definitely purchase from this seller again.I purchased these chains (20 and 22 inch) to hold religious medals which involved travel to the Vatican to have them personally blessed by Pope Benedict so the medals are close to irreplaceable.I am impressed that though the chains have just the right appearance of style and delicacy, they are very strong (I rarely take them off and have slept, played tennis, and gone swimming with them on).I recommend these chains and plan to purchase several more. <end>  Perfect Silver Chain  I have ordered quite a few of these chains already and probably will order more...they're perfect! <end>  beautiful necklace  This was a great value. The necklace came in a short amount of time. The price was just great. It is really a lovely necklace. All around I am very happy with this purchase. I will purchase more jewelry from Gem Avenue again. Very Happy!! <end>  This chain is beautiful!  I love this chain! I was not a silver person, but I am now. This chain is absolutely stunning, eye-catching and beautiful. It is of very good quality and it is substantial. Has a good weight to it, but yet I don't know I have it on. I ordered the 16" which falls just at the nape of my neck. My husband loved it when he saw it. You will not be disappointed with the shine and the quality of this chain. It's very very sturdy, and I am absolutely thrilled with it. I plan to buy more silver jewelry now. It was a great price (an unbelievable price), and they shipped it to me immediately. There was no wait, and it was very well-packaged. I would recommend this chain to anyone who wants a bright, shiny, sturdy, comfortable chain. <end>  Excellent product!  It is a very nice and sturdy chain, the clasp is big enough to open/close with no difficulty. Looks good, very bright and shiny. <end>  great!  This is a wonderful Chain! Exactly what I was looking for!! It is so pretty and just great! Shipped really quickly also! <end>  Nice Quality  It is a very good product and a good price. I love them and havent had a problem with them. I would recommend them for anyone. <end>  It is an attractive chain  I bought a nice locket for my youngest daughter for Christmas, but the chain that came with it was too delicate and she was afraid it might break. We picked out this chain and she just loves it! It is very attractive with the locket and she feels confident that it will last.Thanks. <end>  Great!!!  This product is perfectly made and exactly what I was looking for in a necklace to hold my favorite cross charm that I wear all the time. Strongly recommend to any one looking for this type of product. <end>  Beautiful Box chain  I bought several of this chains in various lengths. They are well made, delicate but strong enough for everyday use. A really good value. <end>  Great quality and better price!!  I got this necklace for my autistic daughter who is extremely hard on her jewelry. This is a beautiful and sturdy necklace without having to double reinforce to prevent breakage with a different clasp. Clasp and nedklace still intact, beautiful quality, and GREAT PRICE!! <end>  Strong yet delicate  Necklaces were very sturdy for such delicate, small links. They were purchased as a gift for a pendant, and the final effect was so lovely. The size of the clasp was a little small on the 16" compared to the 18" length necklace. An excellent price for the product! <end>  Silver box link necklace  This was exactly what I was looking for, the price was great. It arrived within the dates given.I would purchase from this company again. <end>  Sterling silver chain  This was a beautiful box chain & the cost was very affordable. Service was also very prompt. I just love it! <end>  Wonderful Birthday Gift  This was purchased for my mother-in-law's birthday. A charm was also purchased at the same time. She loved both the chain and the charm. Great Price, Good quality...satisfied buyer and happy recipient! Super fast delivery too! Definitely will purchase from again. <end>  Beautiful and well made chain.  I bought this along with a pendant and the shipping was great. When the items came in I was thrilled, the chain is beautiful and the pendant looks great hanging from it. <end>  Great chains  We bought these chains to go with a pendant for mothers day. They arrived before we expected and were great with the pendant. <end>  Silver Box Chain  Beautiful link chain purchased as a gift for a cross pendant. Great quality and wonderful service from seller! <end>  beautiful chain  This chain is very pretty, could be worn with or without a charm. Fast delivery, great price, would highly recommend this chain. <end>  High polish!  Awesome! I wanted super bright 18'' silver chain, as I own darker one, and it didn't match my new charms. It's gorgeous, arrived fast in cute little box. LOVE IT! I also ordered 14'' and it was about 13 3/4", but it still ok for me. <end>  Hard to find.  This length chain is hard to find. The quality and the price were great and I love it! <end>  Sterling Silver Chain  Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" NecklaceVery nice. <end>  Sterling Silver Neclace  Pretty and fits wonderfully. I purchased it to hold some charms and it looks wonderful together. <end>  THIS IS AN AWESOME ELEGANT NECKLACE  I NEEDED A LONGER CHAIN FOR ONE OF MY CHARMS, SO I ORDERED THIS NECKLACE, THE PICTURE DOES NOT DO IT JUSTICE, IT'S A BEAUTIFUL CHAIN THAT LOOKS LIKE A DIAMOND CUT, VERY CLASSY. I WAS VERY IMPRESSED AND AT THIS PRICE IT IS THE PERFECT GIFT ITEM FOR JUST ABOUT ANYONE. I RECEIVED THE NECKLACE WITHIN A COUPLE OF DAYS AND STRONGLY RECOMMEND. <end>  Excellent on-line place for easy & inexpensive shopping  I have made many purchases from Gem Avenue over the past several years. I purchased this silver chain in 2 different lengths and love them. I have also purchased pendants, earrings etc. from them in the past. I have always recieved my purchases quickly and without any hassle and have always been very happy with all of my purchases. <end>  Pretty lite for a guys pendant  OK chain. it's slightly lighter than most and a little feminine. Bottom line is that there's not too much to say about the chain as the look is primarily about the pendant attached. I like Doublju tops from Amazon and I match this chain with a smaller disk pendant. Fashion with an edge. Blessings... <end>  Very poor quality  Broke within two days of wearing. I dont take my chain off and this chain broke from me simply removing a shirt. DO NOT BUY. <end>  Great product!  great product! shipment arrived early then expected! Skeptical at first but i do majority of my shopping online, i was very satisfied! <end>  Italian Sterlingt Silver Box Link Chain  I bought this item to replace a broken chain that holds a silver heart. The item is really niceand looks good with the charm. I would have gone for a heavier chain if I had realized what thesize was. It is a nice chain though and I would buy again. <end>  Shiny and Lovely Chain  A very pretty chain, prettier and shinier than the photo suggests. It is delicate without being too delicate. Lovely on its own, but sturdy enough (thus far) to handle a rather sizable sterling pendant (locket). They look beautiful together! The very reasonable price makes this an excellent purchase in my opinion. <end>  Great product  awesome product fast shipping. Purchased for a friend and he never takes it off. Completely worth the great price. Would buy again. Thank you! <end>  Nice Chain  I purchased this chain to replace a shorter 18 inch chain. The chain arrived in a cute little box. This sterling silver chain is thick, but not bulky. I am not afraid of the chain breaking when I wear it. Will buy again. <end>  Great Necklace  I must admit I was pleasantly surprised when I received the necklace! It is very pretty, sturdy and is of better quality than I expected for the price. It was shipped promptly. I am very happy with my Sterling Silver necklace. My pendant looks great on it. Highly recommend! <end>  amazing silver necklace for the price  Really high quality silver necklace for the price. It is a bit long so I also go the 20 inch one as well. <end>  Italian Chain Necklace  This chain arrived very promptly. The quality of this product is better than I expected. It is made well. I have received many complimentson this chain. I will gladly order from this seller again in the future. Very good pricing. <end>  exactly as i hoped for  i love the chain ---- as exactly as i hoped for... thxs the price was great and shipment was quick... A+++++ <end>  Worthwhile buy  Item was bought for my husband to hang his medallion from. The chain is a bit thin for a man, BUT it perfectly matches the medallion so well suits what it was bought for. This seller is my first stop when looking for any kind of jewellery and once again we are well satisfied. Item comes recommended. <end>  Lovely and light weight!  I love everything about it...   ) Been looking for a long time for the perfect one and I can honestly say this one is! I got them in 20' and 30' Soon I will get all the sizes! <end>  Deceptive Photo  The clasp is not like the one in the photo, which is the whole reason I chose this chain. I am not happy. The chain however is very nice. <end>  You get what you pay for  You get what you pay for...in this instance. I think 1mm is too thick for most small/elegant style pendants. The color is also really light. It's not a nice silver shimmer, it almost looks white. The whiteness and the thickness of this necklace doesn't go well together. Not worth it in my opinion. Someone said it looks like a doggie necklace. That's a bit of an exaggeration, but you get the point. <end>  Pretty!  This chain is exactly what I was looking for. I ordered a pendant, and I wasn't happy with the chain it came on, so I ordered this one. It is well made, petite, and shiny. The shipping was super fast!!! <end>  Just what I needed  I purchased this to replace another chain which I had accidentally cut with a pair of nail clippers. It's the perfect length and size for a pendant I got for Christmas. <end>  Christmas Gift  This was a Christmas Gift for my wife. She had a log cabin pendent with no chain. She liked it . <end>  Excellent Value!  Purchased this necklace for my girlfriend when her white gold one broke. We couldn't justify the $100+ cost of a similar white gold box chain, and this one looks just as good! Strong, very pretty and not to thick. Very happy with this purchase. Highly recommended! <end>  Great quality for the price  This is a very pretty chain and the quality seems quite good, especially for the reasonable price tag. I received mine within just a few days and it was exactly as I'd hoped. Matched an existing chain I had perfectly. Also, I think the catch is just fine -- another reviewer complained about it being flimsy, and I didn't find that to be true at all. It seems strong (which I needed since I have three charms hanging from it) and has a nice sparkle. <end>  Works great!  This is a great, sturdy, plain-looking chain. My girlfriend who complains about every piece of jewelry causing rashes on her hasn't had a reaction to this one after wearing it for a month. <end>  Couldn't be happier  I have not wore any jewelry for years because I am very sensitive. Even jewelry which claims to be nickel free usually bothers me so I gave up. I don't know why I decided to try again but glad I did. I purchased 2 chains from two companies claiming nickel free. One I had a reaction almost immediately but I have been wearing this chain for 3 days now with no problem. I will definitely buy more from this company. <end>  16 inch nickel free italian necklace  I purchased 2 16-inch and 1 18- inch necklace. They are very well made, beautiful. Still sparkled after I had for few months.love my necklaces ! <end>  very delicate  Liked the necklace just kinda small for hanging a pendant and feeling secure about it and I bought for my beautiful wife to hang pendant.. if buying for pendant I would say get something about 3 to 4 times bigger (width). <end>  Nice chain for the price  Good value for the very reasonable price. Chain is just as described, pretty durable and very attractive. I wear it frequently, usually with charms, and I am very pleased. <end>  not what i expected but it was nice  I ended up returning this because it was not what I was looking for. The item itself was very nice, and I received it pretty quickly. <end>  Good necklace for my pendants  I needed a chain for the pendants I purchased for my bridesmaid. It looked really nice and will prevent any allergic reactions. <end>  clasp wouldn't stay closed  The chain looks nice, but when you open the clasp, it doesn't close immediately. You have to force it closed. I was a little disappointed by this, and will be requesting an exchange. Otherwise, it shines nicely and chain seems sturdy. <end>  Sterling silver necklace  Necklace is very pretty and petite. The silver really shines and would go with any silver pendant. I bought it to go with a pendant for my sister and she loved it thanks! <end>  Perfect!!  I purchased this chain for my my mom-in-law to hold two pendants representing my twins. These pendants are slightly weighty and I was a bit concerned that it may be too fragile. To my surprise it more than suits, and it's even prettier than it appears on this site. Looks considerably more expensive than what I paid for it, too! Excellent buy! <end>  This Necklace  I bought this necklace for myslef because it is bright and it is noticed all the time. It is durable as well. It can hold some weight as well. It stays bright. Just the right length as well. There is nothing negative that comes to mind about this necklace. I will end up ordering more of these because I do need two more. <end>  Nice chain  A very nice chain at a nice price too. Bought for my daughter to put charm on; if she needs another, this is where I'll buy! <end>  Excellent chain  I bought this chain for a present. It shipped and was received way before I expected. It is sturdy and very nice for a man or woman. <end>  Exactly what I needed!  I've purchased 3 of 24" Sterling Silver Necklace chains now from Gem Avenue. In each case I was replacing a much smaller chain. They are all high quality, in perfect condition and look wonderful. As a bonus, Gem Avenue was a pleaseure to buy fromas I received my product far quicker than they estimated. <end>  Very nice  Very nice chain, very shiny and a VERY good price. I don't think you'll be dissapointed. <end>  Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian box link 20" chain  I was very Pleased with the necklace. Of course so much better looking than the photo can show. But it does a pretty good job of showing how pretty it is. Truly love the silver box that comes with. Makes it so nice & easy when gift giving, as I usually do. I will most certainly be purchasing more items. Thank you for your quality items. Robin Griffin. <end>  Wonderful gift  I bought these to put pendents on for my children as part of our wedding ceremony. They are perfect weight and complimented the pendent perfectly. I bought 3 of these and they arrived quickly. Procrastination can be a downfall when ordering online. These came in just a few days. The silver boxes made it easy for me to "marry" the pendents with the chains and then put them back into the boxes to be presented on our wedding day.Thank you <end>  lovely necklace  I was looking for a necklace to hold a locket. This necklace is very lovely but not the right match for my locket (I need something heavier in weight). Even so, I will keep this necklace to use with another piece. All is well. <end>  BARGAIN PRICED  I DIDN'T BUY THE CHAIN FOR MYSELF. I'M GIVING IT TO SOMEONE FOR CHRISTMAS WITH ACHARM TO MAKE A PENDANT. SILVER CHAINS ARE EXPENSIVE AND I HAD ALREADY DONE MOST OFMY CHRISTMAS SHOPPING FOR THIS PERSON ALL I WAS LACKING WAS A CHAIN. I SHOPPED ONLINE AND IT LOOKED LIKE I WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO GET HER A CHAIN TOO EXPENSIVE SO I FOUND THIS ONE AND BOUGHT IT. THANKS <end>  Quality and value.  Gem Avenue was very prompt in their shipment and the price for the jewelry was very reasonable. The piece is what you would want, beautiful, but sturdy. I have confidence in Gem Avenue and would certainly shop there again, especially for large colored CZ jewelry, which I really enjoy. Everything from Gem Avenue has been gorgeous! <end>  Great necklace  Purchased this necklace, and am very happy with it. Its a great product for the price! <end>  Nice quality  Ordered a 20" and 22". Very nice quality, will order again. Would definitely recommend <end>  Great product  This is a great product. I have never before seen chains of this quality for such low prices! And even though the prices are low, the product is not cheap quality. The chain is very pretty and durable. I've had mine for a while now and I've not seen any visible wear or tarnish on it. I exchange the chain between several different pendants and it works and looks great! Highly recommend this product. <end>  Great Product for the Price  I'm not sure what people are expecting when you pay less than $10 for a chain, but what I received were some delicate, beautiful chains meant to be worn for occasions with a pendant, not everyday rough use. Thanks for the timely shipping and nice product. <end>  Great quality  I bought 20 of the 16" chains and they are just perfect; each came with its own small box (silver cardboard) which I can use for other projects. Couldn't be happier with this purchase (well.. maybe if there was a volume discount, I *could* have been happier, but I guess I'll see about that with my next order). Very recommended. <end>  Perfect for the Price  I bought this after looking at a much more expensive chain. This one is perfect and the price made me very happy. I've worn it for several months and there have been no issues. I will definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Sterling Silver Chains  the chains i received are very beautiful. They came in separte packages. Shipping was quick. <end>  Great deal!  I bought this necklace to go with a pendant I already had and I couldn't be happier with it!! I assumed because the price was so low that it would probably not be what I was looking for but I was pleasantly suprised when I opened the package! It is a beautiful chain and feels sturdy enough that I don't worry when I wear it to bed or to the gym! Anyone looking for a simple, sturdy chain should check this out!! <end>  Perfect Necklace!  I love this necklace. I needed a replacement chain for my favorite necklace and this has been perfect. It's beautifual and I've gotten several compliments on it! <end>  Sterling Silver Box Chain  This item was delivered fast and was exactly what I expected! I am very happy with the transaction! <end>  Great value, nice finishing.  I ordered this as a pendant chain for a 6 year old. I was impressed with the finishing of the chain, especially the polish and clasp details. It's quite sturdy as a pendant chain, with a nice luster. <end>  Ordered 2... one perfect, the other damaged  These chains are gorgeous and seem to be well made. The first one I received was in perfect condition and has held up well. The second one I received was damaged on receipt. The clasp gets stuck and does not spring back closed on its own. Will try for a replacement... hopefully it's just a rare manufacturing defect. <end>  Good condition and Service  I like how this chain resembles a choker, which was exactly what I was looking for. Great product! <end>  Exactly What I Needed  I'd recently broken my only silver chain and just needed a replacement to wear my pendants on. Suitable/normal length. Not much else to say. =] <end>  nice chain  I got this chain for a small silver OM charm. It works great. For the price, this is everything I wanted without paying tons for it. I haven't had any problems with tarnishing, the silver is still shiny and looks great. This is a great value and I would recommend it to anyone who has a small pentant, cross, or charm. This would not be a good product for someone with a larger item to hang on the chain. For the price and for the product staying bright and shiny, I give it 4 stars. <end>  This is definately a keeper.  I bought this to replace another jewelry's chain i bought for a gift and i was surprise over the quality and strength of the chain, durable and compliments most pendents. <end>  Very happy with necklace  The necklace came in great condition and seems very sturdy; I haven't taken it off since I got it a week or so ago. <end>  really needed this one  I liked this chain, my grandson grabbed my necklace and broke the last one, so I really need this ... I like it... <end>  Very nice piece of jewelry.  Very nice piece of jewelry. 20" necklaces are very hard to come by, and for that price, I really like it. <end>  love it  I enjoyed my purchase, it was easy great product and arrived early. The seller discribed it well in the write up so I knew exactly what I was geting and was happy on the transaction. <end>  Don't Bother  This is a flimsy little thin chain. Its hardly noticeable and hardly worth bothering to wear. Plus side, it was shipped quickly. <end>  So tiny  This chain is dainty and small. Its a nice chain. I always liked the box chain since it doesnt catch on clothing or hair. I purchased this for my 8 year old but the length was too short for her. So I ended up returning it. <end>  Awful  This chain is so flimsy and fragile it looks as if it will fall apart if I look at it cross-eyed. However, when I left a negative review for the seller (due to misrepresentation as to the product), the manufacturing company, Gem City, called me and offered to give me a discount on a different chain. I said no, thanks, since I'm not impressed with the quality of their product, but at least they seemed interested in making sure the customer was happy. <end>  Lovely Chain  I wanted a simple, delicate, but durable chain made of sterling silver that would look lovely with a number of necklace pendants. This chain was just what I wanted. I'll probably be ordering more at different lengths. <end>  Amazon's Jewelry, high quality and strong  I bought this necklace for my girlfriend with some vintage skeleton keys to hang on it. This necklace is beautiful, has a great shine and is very strong. I was worried it may be too small to hang things from, but it is strong and my girlfriend loves it! <end>  Classic Style and Great Price  This is an elegant silver chain that is incredibly durable. I love the way it glistens and the way it feels around my neck. My long hair doesn't get snagged in it, nor does it pinch. I have bought chains at department stores, but this chain is far superior and well priced. I will be buying more for myself and for gifts. <end>  Beautiful and Well Made  I am still astonished with the quality of this product. The box link is gorgeous and very well constructed. The chain is stamped (sterling silver) and looks and feels expensive. I wear this chain constantly and it still looks like it did when I first received it. I highly recommend this product. This product is under priced. Did I just say that aloud!! Cheers! <end>  I love it  I bought this chain so that I was able to wear a few metals that I bought; I wanted a sturdy chain that was durable enough for nearly everyday use, and so far I am very pleased with the quality. One of the things I like most about it is that it looks nice enough to wear with anything. Because it is a thinner chain, I don't wear it if I'm doing anything strenuous so that I can keep it looking nice. <end>  Great Quality  I bought this chain for my son. It is of nice quality and beautiful. I would recommend it as an inexpensive sterling silver chain. <end>  Very pleased  This is my 2nd day wearing this chain and I'm happy with it. It's smooth and doesn't snag on my hair or anything else! It's a nice small link and sparkly and the clasp seems solid. Price was also reasonable. <end>  Nice Basic Chain  It's a pretty basic box link chain. My girlfriend is pretty rough on jewelry and it hasn't broken yet, so it must be durable enough. Nothing special to it, but if you are looking to hold a charm, this works fine. <end>  Sterling Silver Box Chain  The necklace is beautiful! It is very sturdy and exceeded my expectations! You CANNOT find a quality necklace like this anwhere for the price! A must buy! <end>  great value  Great necklace. It has held up quite well and I would recommend this to anyone else. <end>  Not for men  The necklace very sturdy and strong, I am 5-6 tall and 24" was perfect for my neck. I really love this necklace but is too shiny and it looks like female necklace and very thin. I'm afraid to wear it, so I gave it to my sister, she loves it as well. I'm a little disappointed because the description didn't specifically describe about this necklace whether is for female or male. <end>  Weak link  Please be advised that this is a very fragile item and if it breaks after 30 days (as was our experience) the company will not provide an exchange. <end>  Low Quality and Useless Item  ~~DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM~~I bought this for my girlfriend and she wore it for about an hour before it broke off and disappeared somewhere on my school campus. Luckily, the charm she put on it fell into her shirt so we did not lose that. For an item with 250+ 5 star reviews, THIS ITEM IS TERRIBLE and NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY OR TIME. I contacted Amazon and they were unable to give me a replacement. Worst $10 ever spent and I have bought a lot of stupid things in the past <end>  Great For a Couple Months  I was astonished to find a sterling silver chain for such a low price. Maybe it was just the chain I ordered, but the clasp broke after less than two months of gentle use. It looks good, lays well and you can't beat the price, but now the next box chain I buy will be at cost plus the price of this one. Not fixable.UPDATE 2/15/2011  The second chain we ordered from this company also broke with no force. It's a nice chain, but we're moving on to a new brand. <end>  Perfect!  This was for my daughter. Very sturdy and just as pictured. The price was great! <end>  Broke within 10 minutes  Ordered this chain to wear my rings on while at work. The first day I wore it the chain broke away from the clasp within 10 minutes without any pulling or pressure on the chain at all. This chain is cheap and a total waste of money - I returned and Amazon did refund my money <end>  silver chain necklace  Good quality and great price.I added a silver charm and it made a great gift. I bookmarked your site so I can order more in the future. <end>  Why  When I got this I was happy but with in two days it broke then I was sad and upset <end>  I got what I was looking for-  Decent necklace to hold inexpensive but sentimental charms!Hopefully it will last longer than the other one I bought at a box store. Its something I never really take off so, we'll see if it holds up.I was happy with the purchase. <end>  Just what I wanted  The chain is sturdy, the clasp is secure, and yet it is thin enough to still be feminine. Very pleased! <end>  Great  I bought this chain for my girlfriend because her other one broke. Great chain and great length. i would recommend this product. <end>  Perfect  I love this chain. It is the perfect length and size to hold the two charms I always wear. I liked that I had lots of choices at this site and the prices were excellent. I received my merchandise the next day. I will definitely be purchasing more from GemAvenue. <end>  Don't get chocked up...  This is a very nice chain although it was a little thinner that I tought it would be. 30 inch chains are hard to come by. <end>  Nickel Free Italian Necklace  This chain is much prettier than what the website shows. It glistens in the light and is just absolutely beautiful. Love this chain and will purchase again from this seller. <end>  Nice  Nice box chain that is on the smaller side but seems very durable and strong, great buy and highly recommended. <end>  Box Link necklace  This necklace is much thicker gauge than I expected. Although my son will eventually break it, this one should last longer than the previous 3. I am very happy with the chain's thickness. <end>  Pleasantly Surprised!  The original chain that came with another item I ordered on Amazon would tangle in my long hair very easily. I saw that this product had gotten very good ratings and that it was a fantastic price. I have to agree with all the other reviewers. This is a quality necklace at a great price. <end>  Poor Quality Control  Bought this as part of a Christmas present for my girlfriend. When I got it, there was a long, sharp piece of metal sticking off the chain. It makes it impossible to wear without getting scratched, but don't have enough time to return it before Christmas. Will be contacting the seller for a replacement after the holidays. <end>  Nice chain  I returned this chain due to the fact it was too short for what I needed, so can't comment on how well it will wear. It did look good though. <end>  no show  It is past the due date & have yet to receive the product yet. I don't know if it's lost in the mail or what but, I'm not impressed. <end>  You get what you pay for  The chain is nice, but the clasp is cheap and doesn't open or close well. Nearly lost the necklace the first time I wore it because the clasp didn't close all the way. <end>  Saint George and the Dragon  My husband bought a charm exactly like this one in Italy fifteen years ago, and wore it until a summer three years ago when he lost it at the beach. This one is exactly like the one he lost. He will be so delighted when he opens it on Christmas morning. <end>  Nice!  Seems well made - clasp is small - but the chain is fine, so a large clasp would not suit. <end>  Very pleased!!!  I was very pleased with the sterling silver chains I ordered for my two granddaughters for Christmas. Very prompt delivery and the product looks great. <end>  Great value  This is exactly as advertised. Just what I was looking for. Would gladly recommend to one and all. Thank you! <end>  It'll do the job  Received the item very quickly, love the length & price, but I must have misread, I thought it had a lobster claw clasp, but it just has the cheap spring clasp. Oh well, it was only $19, so no harm if it breaks. <end>  LIKE ANY STERLING SILVER NECKLACE  PERFECT FOR EVERY DAY WEAR AND FOR A GOOD PRICE . . . . . . . . . . <end>  Perfect!  This is just what I was looking for. So many silver chains are overpriced. This is slender, beautiful, and perfect for adding whatever charm, locket, or decoration you would like to create. It ships quickly and would be perfect for Christmas presents! I love the fact that it's available in a number of lengths! <end>  Very pretty.  I like this chain. Very pretty. Seller sent it right away. Actually got it before the rest of my Amazon direct order. <end>  Silver 1MM Italian Box Link Chain  Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" NecklaceWhat a beautiful chain for a great price! I bought this chain to wear with different pendants that I have. It is strong, wears well, and is a great addition to my everyday jewelry. This chain would be a great gift for any lady, young or old. I definitly will buy many more. <end>  Perfect Little Necklace  Can't beat the quality or the price! Just a perfect little sparking necklace for most of my pendants. <end>  just what I was looking for  I was looking for a replacement silver chain for a pendant I own. This is just the right length and weight, and so far, no complaints on durability or snagging on clothing. I plan to order 2 more in other lengths - at these prices, you cannot miss! <end>  Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 24"  I have purchased several sterling silver Italian box link chains from Gem Avenue. They are beautiful chains for an extremely reasonable price. It is thin enough to be comfortable, but thick enough not to break. No complaints, highly recommended! Would definitely do business with this company again! Thank You! <end>  Good, but not durable  This chain is great for pendants, but as someone who rarely takes of the chair, I would say  Be wary of durability, My chain gets caught on things, and the first one snapped, just be warned, the clasp can break, but at the price, its cheaper to buy a replacement every once and a while than find something more durable (and a lot more expensive). <end>  very sturdy so far  I never take my jewelry off, I wash with it, and play with it...I have broken so many chains it's not funny. Most necklaces and bracelets come with chains that if you sneeze wrong it's broken and the clasps are a joke most of the time. Another reason why I stick with sterling silver now.This chain so far looks like it will go the distance, and if it lasts a year with me then you can be sure it is quality! I will let you know. SO far it's been a month which is still pretty good for most chains. <end>  Great Value  I bought this chain to go with a pendant I got from another jewler. The pendany was expensive, the chain was not but they go together beautifully. <end>  nice necklace  I like this necklace it is very nice and looks good on me.It took no time to get to me and I was very happy with the necklace... <end>  just what i was looking for  you never know what you will get when you order something online, but this was perfect. the necklace is beautiful, i got two, they fit my charms perfectly and are very strong. very happy with my purchase! will probably purchase from them again. <end>  Italian Silver Chain  I bought this for my wife to go with a sweater she has. It looks great, classy and elegant and for such a great price. She thinks I spend 10x what I did and I am a hero for it!! Great quality, great company!! <end>  Great Seller Good Product!  I bought this chain because I broke my girlfriends necklace and needed to replace the chain for the pendant. This is a great looking chain, strong and just as advertised! Will do business with this seller again, was a great overall experience! <end>  STERLING SILVER CHAIN  I LOVE THIS CHAIN. GREAT PRICE, PERFECT CONDITION WHEN I RECEIVED IT. IBOUGHT IT FOR MY NIECE FOR HER BIRTHDAY AND SHE WAS THRILLED.I WILL BEPURCHASING MORE JEWELRY FROM GEM AVENUE! <end>  Good product  Ordered this for myself because my old chain broke. It shipped fast, and arrived as advertised. Good product. Feels sturdy and looks good. Recommend this product and company. <end>  great value!  Product is well constructed and looks great for the price. Also came very fast.. much faster than the charm that I ordered from ebay to go with it.  ) <end>  sterling necklace  I got this necklace to wear all the time with a cross pendant which I never take off. I wear it all the time and it has heald up thru showers and sleeping and all. I am very happy with this chain. It still looks like the day I first put it on. <end>  Simply Beautiful!  I ordered 2 of these silver chains in the 30" length, and I was very pleased with them. I needed them for silver watch pendants, and they work perfectly. The clasp is very sturdy and the chain is very eye catching. I love them, and would order more if I found the need for a special gift. <end>  Perfect!!!!  I bought this chain to go with an Irish Cross for a gift and they loved it. Perfect length and deffinetly great quality. The price was awesome for the item that I received. This site is in my favorites for future purchases. Would deffinetly buy again and refer to others!!!! <end>  FABULOUS!  I bought one for my little sister in my sorority and it is fabulous! BUY THIS! <end>  Great value  This chain is a great value for the price. It is a nice solid chain that seems very sturdy. It is perfect to wear alone or with a nice small to medium sized pendant or charm. I was surprised how thick and shiny it is. <end>  Perfect product  I was very happy with this purchase. It was a beautiful product. Exactly as promised. <end>  Great Product  The sterling silver box chain was exactly what I was looking for. The quality of the chain is great and I would definitely buy from this vendor again. <end>  Great product, speedy shipping!!!!!  I ordered this close to last minute for Christmas and it was received not only in time but before I expected it. The service is excellent and the product (silver chain necklace)was exceptional. I would recommend to anyone. The most perfect transaction to be made online.Thanks so much!!!!! <end>  Really super  This was a chain I bought because I thought the charm I bought did not come with a chain, it did, so i gave both to my step daughter and she chose the box chain to wear... she loves it <end>  25 inch sterling silver chain  The chain is beautiful and looks strong. I bought it as a gift for a girlfriend to go with a pendant I purchased. I think she will love it! <end>  great product  it is a nice necklace that'll go well with most pendants. Great as a gift! <end>  Very nice  I purchased this with two other items for my mom. The chain was in excellent condition and I truly am pleased with it. <end>  Beautiful and Sturdy!  My young nieces will love these. I do. I purchased two of these chains because they are shorter than the ones on the pendants I bought for my young nieces. I had no idea that they would be so very beautiful and sturdy, much better than the ones that came with the pendants. They literally glitter. And. . .,the box chains are so strong that I suspect three and five-year olds will be unable to easily break them. How can they be so reasonably priced?. . .Real sterling priced like cheap silvertone! Oh. . ., and they also arrived in record time. <end>  Beautiful Silver Chain  I was very pleased with the chain that I received. I loved how it would sparkle as it moved on the skin. Very nice. <end>
 B0006HDGUS  Air Force Lapel Pin ||	  Order  The company shipped the wrong service to me. When I contacted them they immediately shipped the correct one out. The tack is strong and does not pull out. It is the same quality of one that I purchased at Great Lakes when my son graduated boot <end>
 B0006HDH1G  Texas Lapel Pin ||	  Texas Lapel Pin (My Home State)  This lapel pin is very unique, stylish, and fantastic! It is the biggest one I have ever seen. I have also ordered a Maryland and Alaskan lapel pin, all with the same quality seen here. Thank you and I will continue ordering from here. <end>
 B0006HFQ3S  Crystalline Gem Eternal Cross Dangle Nipple Shield ||	  Here is my review  I am no longer welcome at our pool, and my wife is no longer speaking to me. Thanks a LOT, Crystalline Gem Eternal Cross Dangle Nipple Shield.Still, my nipples did feel rather well-protected, and there was little to no chafing. Overall I give the product 4 stars. <end>
 B0006HFSMC  Solar Blue Gem Eternal Cross Dangle Nipple Shield ||	  This Product Was Ineffective  I wore this product thinking it would shield my nipples from the undead. However so far i have been bitten and am not feeling to well. I'm already feeling the urge for human blood and it's starting to get unnerving. I...I don't know how much longer I can take this feeling. I'm writing this review to warn others and hope that it.....ahh there goes the pain again. I....I need to go.... <end>
 B0006HFT0I  Passion Pink Gem Tribal Knock-Out Nipple Shield ||	  Great Buy  This ring looks just like the picture. Just remember to buy two, they are sold separately!! Came quickly in the mail and the gauge was right. Will definitely buy from this company again. <end>
 B0006HFT0S  Solar Bue Gem Tribal Knock-Out Nipple Shield ||	  Solar Blue Gem Tribal Knock-Out Nipple Shield  The Shield was good quality and met all my expectations; however I could use one with a bigger space for the nipple itself. It is a very pretty shield and would recommend it to others. <end>
 B0006HQDR6  Shirley Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Earring ||	  My favorite earrings!  (Review by Jessica) I received these several years ago from my husband. Best Christmas gift ever! They are my favorite earrings and I have lent them to my sister for her wedding (something borrowed...). Lovely and perfect, they have the advantage of being a typical pearl stud earring with the 'zest' of the white golden swirl. <end>
 B0006ICKYA  14kt Gold Double Trinity Knot Ring Size 6 ||	  Trinity Knot Ring  I gave this ring to my sister for Christmas. It was beautiful, fit perfectly, and was exactly as advertised. Even the box spoke quality. <end>
 B0006ICKZO  14kt Gold Double Trinity Knot Ring Size 9 ||	  Trinity Knot Ring  I gave this ring to my sister for Christmas. It was beautiful, fit perfectly, and was exactly as advertised. Even the box spoke quality. <end>
 B0006ICLGW  Silver Trinity Earring ||	  I LOVED THESE!  )  Beautiful Item! Quality made!! Quality silver! Packaged nicely!  ) High standard Customer service! How refreshing! Check out their website! <end>
 B0006ICM9S  Trinity Knot Pendant ||	  Don't Buy from here!  I can't describe this item...BECAUSE I NEVER RECIEVED IT! This company has not shipped my item and its been a weekafter the due date! Never again will I buy from Celtic merchants! <end>
 B0006ICMP2  Celtic Cross Pendant - Square ||	  Not a masculine pendant  I based my decision to buy on the only review available. The female purchaser described this pendant as being masculine, and suitable for her husband. I'm a six-foot, two-inch heavyweight, and found the pendant too small for my large frame. The short, delicate chain did not even come close to reaching around my 21-inch neck. IMHO, it's more suited to a woman. Instead of returning it, I gave the pendant to my wife. It looks very nice on her slender frame, and she really likes it. (PS - the reverse side is smooth, showing only sand-like casting marks, and the number "925") <end>  Beautiful  I got this celtic cross for my husband for our second anniversary. It is larger and more "masculine" looking than most offered for sale. The quality and weight are very attractive, especially for a guy. The scrollwork is very detailed. Recommended if you are looking for something unusual. <end>
 B0006ICPKO  Double Trinity Knot Ring Size 10 ||	  Double trinity knot ring  THis ring is so lovely. It is the type of jewelry you can wear with any kind of outfit, whether casual or formal. Of course, if you love anything Celtic or Wiccan, then this is a must have! It is an absolute bargain!!!! <end>
 B0006ICV76  Bold Celtic Knotwork Band Size 11 ||	  really great heavy ring  Ignore amazons description. It's wrong. It's not a Claddagh ring. I have used their contact form to try and get this corrected but to no avail. It's a straight Celtic knotwork Ring and a fine one! There is no marchasite as the description says, but a Sterling Silver ring. The band is very wide 10.80 millimetres. The image show a black back to the scroll work, this is not quite true. It's dark, but silver.The design is intricate and cut/stamped (?) deeply. Well worth three times the price. <end>  We got these as wedding bands  And we love them. Not only are we free from a freakout if we lose one, but we get more compliments than I ever expected. We saved money, too! <end>
 B0006IHS56  Dragon Claw Pewter Finger Armor Ring Spike ||	  Bought for myself  I bought this for my boyfriend 3 and a half years ago, I bought two rings as I wasn't sure what the size they were on here, you know if one ring seemed too small I'd keep it and give the other one. This was the small ring, it could fit a woman or a really young guy with small fingers. The picture is hard to see as it's bright but it looks pretty cool in person, even with that flower design. The dragon looks good, I loved it, wish it had more bolts though, then the set of two. They came loose after like half a year or so. but you can get new bolts put in, I did in jewelry class, and the ring fit way better after that, more snug and moveable, not tiny bit loose and kind of falling away from finger. <end>
 B0006IIV8E  Sterling Silver Caged Tiger Eye Globe Pendant with Garnet Opens! ||	  Review  Tiger eye globe pendant  In the description it calls the 18 mm tigereye gemstone a sphere when it probably should be called a bead because that's what it is. There's a hole that goes all the way through it. It probably won't matter to most but it bothered me. I was expecting a solid sphere. <end>  unusual gorgeous cage pendant  This item is so much more catching than the picture shows. Excellent value for money. Would make a perfect gift. If you can find additional stones for centre would be perfect as we women love to co-ordinate. Would recommend this item and seller. <end>  I guess I should have read he description  While this is a beautiful piece of jewlery and my experiences with Silver Insanity have been great - it is HUGE! I expected the "ball" would be the size of a marble, but it is the size of a jaw breaker. It does state the size in the description, but I guess I just didn't read it. So , I will be sending mine back. <end>
 B0006IPNLM  Pugster Dark Brown Twined Jute Rope Covered Leather Bracelet ||	  Cutest little Italian Charm  I purchased this for my 9 year old for Christmas. She has not seen it yet, but she will love it. She is a cat fan and this charm was priced well. <end>
 B0006IPZDI  Pugster Sisters By Price Italian Charm ||	  All love them  All my friends that receive them now wear them and feel more connected to each other. Keep the work up <end>
 B0006IQ2LC  Pugster Starter Red 18 Links Shiny Starter Red Italian Charms ||	  Doesn't have to be just a starter, nice as is  I wanted a red Italian charm bracelet, and this is the only one I found. I like it. To make it fancier, I could substitute some of the Zoppini red oval links, but they cost as much each as this whole bracelet. <end>
 B0006IX92C  Southwestern Native American Navajo Handmade Sterling Silver Twisted Hoop Earrings, #TP176 ||	  Good silver  Not quite the workmanship I would have hoped for - but they are nice and I wear them quite a bit. <end>
 B0006IX9F4  Southwestern Style Turtle Stud Earrings with Coral and Turquoise Inlay in Sterling Silver, #tp123 ||	  child gift  These are pretty esp. for a small child. I bought them for a 6 yr old. Thought they were bigger. <end>  Very cute!!  The turtle earrings with turquoise and coral inlay are very cute. They look exactly like the photo, and were reasonably priced. <end>
 B0006IXJAE  Shooting Star Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Earring ||	  eh  I ordered theses earings and within a day they had called me to tell me that they weren't avaiable. The customer serveice rep i talked to was very nice and let me pick out different ones over the phone that were slightly more expensive. He wanted to charge me the difference, but did not after i pointed out that was no good. The earings i recieved are okay, but not great. They looked nicer in the picture. I'm rating this 4 stars instead of 3 since they were so nice on the phone. The product shipped write a way and i got it when it was promised. <end>
 B0006J32GE  Accented Oval Larimar Ring ||	  Larimar Ring size 7.5  The Larimar stone is very similar to rings I found in a Texas beach shop, very pretty and the perfect size for me. The ring setting is a little flimsy, it's lightweight and not well cast from the mold. I hope it wears well for a long time. The 7.5 size is true and fits perfectly. <end>  Larimar Ring  I am extremely pleased with the Larimar ring I purchased. The quality for the price was exactly what I was looking for. <end>
 B0006JD5XO  Sterling Silver 5/16 inch wide 8 mm Celtic Knot Design Spinner Ring ||	  disappointed  the ring looked great when i first looked at it, but upon closer inspection, there was clearly a mistake made when soldering the ring together. there was a large silver blob on the ring. also, the ring did not spin properly. it would spin in one direction when using a great amount of force and would not spin in the other direction at all.on a positive side, the return process was quite simple and my refund was credited to my card quickly. <end>  disappointed  the ring looked great when i first looked at it, but upon closer inspection, there was clearly a mistake made when soldering the ring together. there was a large silver blob on the ring. also, the ring did not spin properly. it would spin in one direction when using a great amount of force and would not spin in the other direction at all.on a positive side, the return process was quite simple and my refund was credited to my card quickly. <end>
 B0006JDK9I  14K White Gold 3/4 ct. Diamond "In and Out" Hoop Earrings ||	  Earrings  On the CON side  I bought these beautiful diamond hoop prong earrings earrings for my daughter's birthday. When she tried to wear them she couldn't get the wire through her earlobe because it had a thick end that snapped into the opposite side of the earring which locked it in place instead of the snap down wire into an open prong. I then tried to see if I could fit them into my ears and had the same problem.PRO  These earrings were delivered promptly and beautifully packaged by the seller. When I contacted them for support in returning the earrings there was a delay at first in email communication but was promptly corrected in a phone call from them advising me they would send detailed information of what they required along with labels to return the product; also, they were very pleasant and apologized and once they received the item I was quickly issued a refund by Amazon the next day.The earrings are so pretty and my daughter hated giving them up and the only reason I gave it a three star was because of the wire end being so thick as to not go through either of our earlobes. It was hard to detect it was not a snap down wire from the illustration as I assumed it was; but probably should have realized since the earring has a hinged loop.The seller was great to work with and I have no issues with them. <end>
 B0006JDKCA  14K Yellow Gold 3 ct. Round and Baguette Cut Diamond Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bracelet  I purchased this for my wife for Christmas. She is a big bracelet lover and has a number of diamond tennis bracelets of this carat weight along with a number of other gemstone bracelets. She really loves this one. Hasn't taken it off since she got it and all her friends, sisters, and other relatives were going crazy over it. I did good. Guys I know you'll know what I mean. Nice gift! For the pragmatic reading this, we just had it appraised to put it on our insurance and it appraised at over $2,000. The jewelry store appraiser told her that she got a great deal. Katarina did a great job shipping it and it was here in a couple of days. I would buy from them again in a heart beat. <end>
 B0006JDKDO  3 Diamond Pendant 1/2 ct. in 14K Yellow Gold with Chain ||	  3 Diamond Pendant  Very pleased with the very fast response to my on-line order. My wife is very pleased and receives many compliments. <end>
 B0006LCQZA  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 3/4 cttw Marquise Shape ||	  GREAT  bought these as an option to wear in my 2nd hole and they're great. A little bigger than I was expecting, but still work fine and look great. <end>
 B0006LTWCK  Rosewood jewelry box with jade carving ||	  Breathtaking  This jewelry box far exceeded my expectations. The rosewood is beautiful and the detailed brass trim and carved jade is exquisite. I was also very pleased with the silk lining as I had purchased the box as a gift to include a set of pearls. This jewelry box is a lovely treasure. <end>  rosewood jewelry box  The jewelry box was okay in general but lacked some finishing touches. The jade piece set on the top of the lid was slightly off-center and the wood on the base was poorly finished. Overall, okay for the price but I would have paid more for a better quality product. <end>
 B0006MSJKU  Sterling Silver Michigan Charm ||	  Well 3 cheers!  Not only is this a nicely made charm, but the designer actually included the entire state! (For those out of the know, the Upper Peninsula of Michigan has been left off of more state designs than we care to remember - including the original winning design for Michigan's Sesquicentennial if you please. So kudos to this designer!)This is also just a very nice set of charms, the Upper Peninsula/Michigan thing aside. <end>
 B0006N7JBO  Surgical Steel Flat 6mm Wedding Band Ring Black Stripe matte Finish Comfort-Fit, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  Cool  Looked just as well as the picture does. Only thing i could say is that it is a little more polished than it looks like and the black stands out which looks very nice. <end>
 B0006N9EDA  St. Francis Pet Medal (1' H) ||	  Pet savior  This is a nice medal, that I hooked onto my Boston terrier collar. I want to keep her safe. I had several people ask me where I got it. <end>  Really nice but don't rely on loop  These have a Saint Anthony on the reverse. They are very pretty. On my one dog, I did not use the loop it came with and put it directly on her collar. It's still there. On my other dog, I used the loop it came with, he lost it in two seconds which cracks me up that he lost Saint Anthony and I can't find him. <end>  Wonderful  I bought these for all 5 of our dogs and I love them. They're very cute and come packaged to a piece of paper that includes the story of Saint Francis and a prayer. They're a perfect size for our yorkie, yorkie/beagle mixes, and pitt mix. <end>  St. Francis Charm  Really pretty and nice size as a charm. Just wish it were sterling, seems to be made from pot metal and seems like it might be fragile, especially the circle where you hang the charm. But for the price, it's nice. <end>  As nice as it looks  I bought several medals for our dogs and friends' pups as well. They are well made and sweetly packaged. I recommend them without hesitation. <end>  St Francis Pet Medal  The $5.99 price seems exceptionally small. The total cost with shipping was $12.94!In all my years with/at AMAZON I never was so insulted or disappointed in a seller/product.The 1" was no where close to the size of this medal!There was NO ring to put it on a Pet Collar!There was a small bow (ribbon) the seller expected us to attach to the collar!This small ribbon would have lasted on a pet collar for an hour IF LUCKY!IT DID NOT ARRIVE ON TIME!I WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN AND HOPE NO OTHER PET LOVER WILL BE TAKEN IN AS AI WAS BYTHIS DESCRIPTION AND DISAPPOINTED BY THE SIZE OF THIS TINY MEDAL!I DEFINITELY WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS SELLER TO AN AMAZON CUSTOMER!!!! <end>  Metal St. Francis medal  The quality of this item is ok, but I was a little bothered to see that on the reverse side was an image of St. Anthony! This should have been initially disclosed, as it was kind of a odd surprise for someone ordering a St. Francis medal. <end>  Great item  Love it for my poodle. I had one given to my first dog, so Bella needed one, too! Great price and good service. <end>
 B0006NDBYI  Ballerina Jewelry Box ||	  low battery  It works like a music box--when you open it, the music sounds. But it only runs for several minutes and there seems to be a battery failure, but I cannot find the openging for battery replacement, so my daughter just use it as a "jewelry box". <end>  Ballerina Jewelry Box  This jewelry box was not tacky or overly childlike; the box is a simple and a tasteful gift for a five year old or a teenager. <end>  Ballerina Jewelry box  This jewelry box was pretty much what I expected based on the description. It is small but cute and was appropriate for a young girl as her first jewelry box. I was very satisfied with the box itself, however, the box it came in was very worn, ripped and old looking so I had to take it out and put it in a nicer box for gift giving. <end>  This came up when searching for a new one!  My children have had these jewelry boxes for about 2 years. The ballerina broke within the first year. I am shopping for new ones right now, and thought I would let others know in case you are considering these. They might be OK for older children - but my kids were about 4 and 2 when they received these. <end>  Pretty but you get what you pay for  Got this for my daughters and after a few weeks of constant winding the key would crank and then spin out quickly. I carefully dismantled the jewelery box to look into it and found that the plastic gearbox case had split wide open making it unfixable. <end>  Just OKay Jewelry Box  When I received and opened this jewelry box...it did NOT look like the picture shown...it does NOT have a "heart" shaped mirror inside, very misleading. But I had no time to return it, as it was a gift and I had to get it wrapped & given quickly. <end>  Beautiful  This is a nice little jewelry box. The space for putting jewelry is very small. A few rings and maybe a pin would fit. Or one or two necklaces and that is about all.The ballerina is very pretty as is the outside of the box. It is not "Barbie" pink but a more lighter, prettier, delicate shade of pink. The music is nice as well.Adorable. Well Worth the money. Enjoy. <end>  Very pretty but not durable  Very pretty but not durable. I bought this for my neice and it is very cute. However, when I got it I took it out of the box and put it back in. The next time I took it out, some of the top of the jewelry box got scratched off. So I'd still suggest this item but once you take it out of the box don't put it back in. <end>  My girls love it!  Very delicate looking but sturdy, soft music and very feminine. Not that big, not that small. Right size for a girl that can watch it for hours play the music and the dancing ballerina  ) <end>  Beautiful  I searched all over for this item and when I found it I was not sure if it was exactly what I wanted but it exceeded my expectations and I love it. Excellent, excellent!!!! <end>  Pretty but poorly made  Admittedly, a $[...] jewelry box is not going to be heirloom quality and its appearance is certainly pretty enough for the 4-yr-old daughter I bought it for. To my adult eye, the box has the appearance of hardened cardboard and the ballerina is painted plastic of the cheesiest kind. The real flaw is that the mechanism that stops and starts the music is of the crudest kind  it basically folds - and sometimes crushes - the ballerina itself. Sure enough - after very little time - the plastic ballerina snapped. <end>  Make Your Granddaughter Happy  Purchased this small ballerina jewelry box for my granddaughter's 5th birthday. She was fascinated by the revolving ballerina and of course it came in her favorite color, pink! Recently the children in her class at school were asked to bring in something from home that made them happy and she chose the little jewelry box!!! <end>  Balerina Jewelry Box  I got this for my 3 year old Neice for Christmas. She was fascinated by it, and was still playing with it the next day. It was pretty durable as she slammed the lid and grabbed the Balerina a couple of times. I am not sure how it would hold up with a younger child. It was a great, affordable gift. <end>  Ballerina Jewelry Box  This product was subpar. I ordered it as a going-away gift for a colleague we dubbed - the Dancing Queen. When it came, it looked used, although it did not state such on the order. When wound, the ballerina twirled for about 30 seconds and then stopped, never to dance again- no matter what we tried. I would not recommend this product to anyone- especially if it is for a child. <end>  Ballerina Jewelry Box  I bought this box as a gift for my daughter, but it was awful. Made in China, it just looks cheap and like it could fall apart at any minute. The music it plays is pretty and everything worked OK, but I guess this was not what I expected it to be. Very disappointing. I would highly recommend investing a bit more and buying something that will hold up to a young girl's curiosity. <end>  ballerina jewelry box  A lovely little jewelry box. My daughter's aged 5 and 7 both loved itso much. I had to order another one !A great find !! <end>  Cute little music box  This was just what I was hoping for - small enough for my 4-yr-old daughter to carry around if she likes, and very pretty. The music box works as advertised and my daughter likes it, so I consider that a success. <end>  Pretty But Broken  This jewelry box was broken when it arrived. The ballerina was split in half and the tutu was broken off. I planned to return it but did not get to it in time. It also arrived after Christmas though it was supposed to arrive before then. It's really too bad because the box is cute. I just can't recommend it. <end>  Jewellery Box  I bought this for my four year old granddaughter on Amazon - it arrived in Australia in excellent condition - well packed and presented. Just such a beautiful gift for a little budding ballerina! <end>  Great for a little girl  I got this jewelry box as a gift for my 3-year-old niece. She absolutely loves it! It's not the highest construction, but it's solid enough for everyday use. She did flick at the ballerina, which made it stop turning for a moment. Winding the box again solved that problem. The winding mechanism is a little hard for 3-year-old fingers, but she was able to give it a small turn - enough to satisfy her attention span. <end>  Ballerina Jewrly Box  The back of the box broke and needed to be glued. This was a gift for a 6 year old and while it probably was open more freqently than an adult product it should not have borken the first day. Very disappointed in my gift purchases this year. Not sure I direct mail a product without first checking it personally. <end>  Ballerina jewelry box  This little jewelry box is just adorable....it's small but quite appropriate for a little girl....My Grandaughter loved hers....the music is nice and it's so inexpensive---I would highly recommend it....Thanks <end>  Wish I had seen the top of the box!  I didn't think about it when I purchased it - I liked all that I saw. But I don't like the image on the top of the box - it isn't flowers like the side - it's a ballerina. The inside is pretty, but the box looks a lot cheaper in reality. Poor quality construction. Not really bad for the price compared to other boxes online, but not what I would consider a great find. I'll be watching for a different box while I shop in person after this experience. <end>  Ballerina Jewelry Box  The box was exactly as expected. It was the perfect size for my three year old granddaughter to hold. She really doesn't really put jewelry in it, but loves it for the music box, as expected. I just wish that the name of the song was on the box. Not one of us could remember the name. <end>  cute jewelry box  I got this as a gift for a friend that collects music jewelry box. It is in fact bigger than the picture shows. I find it very cure, and my friend also like. It is adequate for a young girl's first jewelry box. <end>  She loved it!  This was a Christmas gift for my four year old neice. She loved it! She carried it around and played the muscic all day. <end>  just what i wanted  this box is the perfect size for my 3 year old- smaller than other boxes, but big enough for her. it's very cute and the quality/sturdiness appears to be good. the music is somewhat loud for a music box, but my daughter loves it. <end>  Great, but ballerina didn't last  This jewelry box is very cute... like I had growing up. BUT, the ballerina on ours has quit spinning when tbe box is opened after only 5 months. It continues to spin when the box is closed and then needs to be rewound with each opening. My daughter has been VERY careful with it, so I dont think it's from rough usage. But, she still enjoys it and uses it! <end>  could have been  Could have been the cutest gift, but was not.The mirror is not shaped as a heart. First problem.The music is fantastic and in the end we bought it for that specific tune. First good point.After less than 2 weeks of DD (age 6) opening it, the poor ballerina sprung into action (literally) and this caused the poor ballerina to fall apart  the belly separated from the tutu, the tutu separated from the legs and the legs came off the little spring that triggers the dance.We tried to fix it once, and it worked.Unfortunately once it breaks, it will bvreak again. And it did. And when we tried to put it all back together we ended up pushing out one tiny screw that triggered the music.Not a success story.But DD loved it while it lasted. <end>  Jewelry Box Review  I am very pleased with the jewelry box. My granddaughter loved the musical balerina. <end>  Beautiful !!  The music is beautiful, and this was much loved by a very girlie little girl....just the right size for a little one, and easy for her to operate by herself ) <end>  Gift  This was given as a gift to a past student with special needs. She called as soon as she received it and was very glad to get it. She has called twice to tell us how much she likes it. <end>  Nice Jewelry Box for young girl  This is very feminine and perfect size for a young girl. It doesn't hold much but the ballerina dances around to the music, which makes it an &#34;enhanced&#34; music box. <end>  AMAZING  MY DAUGHTER WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THIS GIFT AND I WAS TOO...! I GIVE THIS JEWERLY BOX IN HER BIRTHDAY <end>  Cheap construction - will not last long  I bought this for an 8 year old - while she was delighted - I was dismayed. Ballerna is on a spring to pop up when lid is open. I doubt it will last long because of the spring <end>  Ballerina Jewelry Box  My granddaughter loved it! It's her first jewelry box and perfect for a six year old. I bought another for my 5 year old granddaughter who also loved it. <end>
 B0006NX1Z2  Sterling Silver Heart Locket on Cable Chain, 18" ||	  Cute little locket  I've been wanting a simple little locket for some time and this fits the bill. It's a nice, shiny silver with a decent chain. Good clasp and opens easily. There are small plastic heart pieces on the inside that aren't really cut that well so they're not practical to use to cover the picture inside. I'm not sure you could fit it in over the picture anyway, just not enough room.Because of it's smaller size, I'll probably buy a bigger one at some point and give this one to my daughter as I think it work quite well as a child sized locket. I'm happy with the $14 I paid for it, but probably wouldn't pay much more. <end>  Obtuve algo bueno por mi dinero  Es un delicado trabajo en plata, que se ve bien. Lo &uacute;nico negativo es el tama&ntilde;o que no deja volar muy lejos la inventiva a la hora de pensar en fotos para colocar en su interior, pero en si solo el coraz&oacute;n ser&aacute; un buen regalo por su acabado, simple, pero bien hecho. <end>
 B0006O0WYO  Sterling Silver Plain Round Locket, 1 1/8 inch ||	  Simple is as simple does  The description of this product says it all. It is plain, and the size comparison to a U.S. half-dollar is accurate.I bought this because I specifically wanted a plain, round locket, and this was the only place I found one that looked right. But if you are shopping for a high-quality piece, consider this - The surface of the locket looks no better than highly polished stainless steel, and the side worn toward my skin has gotten very scuffy very quickly.- The locket's seal isn't great. It stays closed with no problem, but the seal is uneven and there is a variable, visible gap opposite the hinge.For the price, I believe you could find a nicer piece of jewelry. But if you're shopping for simplicity, this locket is just right. <end>
 B0006O1H98  Sterling Silver 9.5" Enamel Charm Dangle Chain Anklet ||	  A must  An anklet can be a sexy addition to your wardrobe, drawing the eye to your footwear, and giving that hint of the exotic. This silver-colored anklet is a nice combination of subtly, with its delicate chain, and provocative elegance, with its 1.5-inch extender hanging down. This anklet goes equally well with dress shoes, sandals, and bare feet.Ladies, during those intimate moments, when less clothing is the name of the game, jewelry comes into its own, and nice anklets (such as these) are a must!(Review of Sterling Silver 9.5" Enamel Charm Dangle Chain Anklet) <end>
 B0006OAT1K  1/2 ct. Blue - I1 Round Brilliant Cut Diamond Earring Studs in 14K White Gold ||	  Gorgeous and affordable  For the money, you can't find a more beautiful pair of earrings. Sparkling, wonderful color, nice size - not too large, but can't be ignored! <end>  Sparkly!  These earrings are beautiful; small, so not ostentatious. They go with jeans as well as with fancy clothes. They arrived much more quickly than they were scheduled to. I was pleased with the earrings, the presentation, and the price. <end>  Great deal  Bought this for my wife for Christmas. She absolutely loves it. Just like everyone else has said, these are a shade darker than what the picture shows. I shopped around for blue diamond earrings for several days and this was the best deal I found for this size earring. <end>  NICE for the Price, but a little Dark  They are very nice stones for the price. However, they are a lot dark in person, almost black in color. But you can see the blue in Bright light. <end>  Pleasantly surprised!  I've been searching for affordable blue diamond earrings for a couple of months. I was hesitant due to negative reviews. I'm so happy I took a chance on Katarina 1/2 ctw studs. They were well packaged so the inner gift box wasn't damaged (though I could see where the tag was removed from the bottom). Very nice inner box. I was thrilled when I opened the box! They are a lovely shade of deep (not dark/dull) blue. You do get very slight hit of green in lower light. Beautiful, true, brilliant cut, they relect the light & sparkle. Rated as I1. Under 60x magnification I can see the expected inclusions (very small!) but they are NOT naked eye noticeable. {I have a blue diamond ring with very tiny stones. Under magnification the inclusion are horrible & one even has a chunk out of the top table! They too were rated I1!} I feel the earrings I received were much nicer. They look great in my second ear pearcing, not too big, 1/4 ct each is just right for me. I do not believe I could have found a better deal or been more pleased with my purchase. If you are familiar with blue diamonds, you will be satisfied. As for the negative reviews, I would have contacted them & gotten a replacement. I also received an offer for liking them on facebook. I received the email for the credit the day before they arrived in the mail. Nice! The only thing I would want would be screw post/backs. Can't have everything for the price. I'm very happy with my purchase & would recommend them to anyone searching for affordable blue diamonds. Love 'em! <end>  Horrible!  This is the second order of the same thing. When I spoke to Amazon CSR regarding the first order not having the earrings in the box they refunded my money. Then talked me into ordering again... Well this time time I got earrings that look like I bought them from Claire's - Unbelievable!I would never consider this KATARINA shop ever again. <end>  Sweet for my sweets...  A bit greener hue than I expected, but between her green eyes and blue work uniform shirt, perfect. Need to get rid of the poor decals that are plastered on the packaging... <end>  Very nice earrings for the price  My hubby is the BEST! Rather than just guessing, he likes to find out what I'd really like for my birthday, holidays, etc., so I thought I might like some new diamond studs (and blue ones caught my eye). After shopping around for about 3 weeks, I found these 1/2 carat blue diamond studs in 14K white gold at a very reasonable price. I didn't expect a whole lot, and frankly, I thought I would be disappointed in the color and the size - my current studs were very small (my choice as I'm very active) and I was sure the color would be very dark. I'm a picky person and we were prepared to ship them right back if they weren't satisfactory. However, when I opened the box, I was delighted to find the stones were a beautiful sea blue, very brilliant, and each stone was appeared to be a full 1/4 carat each. I love them! <end>  Nice earrings from Amazon  I bought the earrings for my daughter who adored them. They were small but bright and looked great. We went to view the floats the night before the Rose Parade and a couple of her friends commented on them. She loves them. <end>  Beautiful and Sparkly  I lost one of the blue diamond earring posts that my husband bought for me and I couldn't stand it, I had to have another pair, but didn't know where to buy just one. These are beautiful!! I wear them all the time!! I can even sleep with them on. Didn't realize the ones my husband bought were 1/4 ct. when I ordered these, then worried they would be too big, but they are perfect!! Can't have the assurance that if I lose one of these I will have a match anyway because of the size difference, but I am constantly checking the backs to be sure they are tight so hopefully I will never lose one of these!! Very complimentary with any outfit. Great purchase! <end>  Loving my blue diamonds  These are so fun and totally useful-just as good with jeans as with a nice dress. Agree with some of the other reviewers that the color is slightly different in person than how it shows in the photos, they are a little darker and the shade of blue has a little green in it, but it's a pretty color so I still heart them. And the price is awesome for real diamonds in a gold setting. Also, the gold is white gold, which is sooooo much nicer than yellow gold! Great job Katarina!! <end>  TOO DARK  Way to dark for me, I am just using them now with my winter colors. They are darker then the blue of the picture. I have had these for sometime now. Maybe I will get used to them?? <end>  Awful box.  I just have to point out first that I purchased these as a gift for a friend. I was very unhappy with the packaging and that is the ultimate reason why we sent them back. You can't give these as a gift in the packaging they're sent in because the initial box is falling apart and then the jewelry box inside has an Amazon label on it, when taken off, it leaves a tear on the box that looks heinous. I'm going to upload a photo so you can see what I mean.If they're not going to be given as a gift, they are a very cute, petite little earrings. I wouldn't suggest earring them in your first earring hole, but maybe the second or if you have your cartilage pierced up top, they would look adorable up there.I expected them to be a little dark. I didn't have a problem with that- but for those that don't know, I wanted to point out that they're not as bright as the picture depicts. They do glisten beautifully under any light though.Thanks to Amazon for your great customer service- I received my refund very quickly after shipping these back. <end>  Good buy  I would recommend. Not big. Not flashy. Colored diamonds looks gaudy on a girl anyways, if your to get your special lady a set of blue diamonds these are the right size. Just enough, but not too much that people would think she's got on fakes. The blue is defiantly NOT the color in the picture, not even close. In most lighting they look like a greenish blue, but they still look good. Most men are idiots and when they see a picture of a diamond online they expect it to be the same size when they get them. 1/2 karat is plenty and I have plenty of $$ to have bought her a pair of, say, $5000 earrings, but I already spent that much on a ring once. Remember boys, the trick is to get her a FEW expensive things and than the rest get on the cheep and she won't question. She thinks I paid like $800 for these puppies. Good buy and would recommend and the cheep cheep price of $179.....but hey, one mans view on the situation. <end>  Dora's reviews  I like these ear rings; however, they weren't quite as big as I thought they would be. The color is nice and they do shine brightly. <end>  Diamond earrings  This was embarrassingly small. I thought I knew what half of a half-carat looked like, but the picture of this product made the earrings look bigger than they turned out to be be. Makes my wife's 1-carat ring look absolutely HUGE in comparison. I told her that I'd thoroughly understand if she never put them on. Goes to show ya -- you get what you pay for. I shoulda known. It'd be much cheaper to buy earrings with cut glass, and nobody cold tell the difference. <end>  NOT EVEN CLOSE to whats in the picture!!!  I ordered these earrings because I liked the light blue color in the several pictures on Amazon. I was expecting them to be a bit darker based on a few reviews. Theyre not BAD earrings if you were looking for DARK BLUE stones. Depending at what angle you look at them at and under what light, they look BLACK (someone else pointed this out) At best, they are a deep indigo, like DARK blue jeans. Thats not whats pictured! Since I was looking for something specific I wouldnt have bought these. Theyre not bad looking earings (although they do look smaller than whats on the model's ear photo) Just not what I was looking for.My biggest problem was packaging. Someone, in their infinite wisdom, stuck a label on the pretty blue box right under the bow. I tried and tried to carefully remove it but it was impossible because its a paper box. So I ended up RUINING the pretty box and Im now embarassed to give these to my wife in this box, so now I have to find ANOTHER box!!! THANKS KATARINA!!!!***12/21/11 UPDATE*** OK so a rep contacted me, without me having to contact them about the box issue and a new box was FEDEX'ed to me overnight. I ADDED a star to the review. Thank you! I see they changed the color of the earrings to more accurately represent the the actual colors.Once again, these look like nice earings, but I was looking for light blue stones which was shown on the age when I bought them. <end>  Beautiful Studs  These are the most beautiful blue diamond studs I have seen. The color blue is gorgeous and they sparkle like crazy. I have gotten tons of compliments on them. They are now a fixture in my second hole and match perfectly with my other blue diamond pieces. <end>  You've got to be kidding me  The picture is completely different than what you actually receive. I expected them to be small, but they were even smaller than I had imagined. The cut was asymmetrical if you looked at it closely too. But the worst part about them in my opinion was the color. They're barely translucent and pretty much appear to be some dark blue opaque stone.Bottom line is I would be embarrassed if I had to give this as a gift to somebody. <end>  Very pretty, good price...  ...but a bit darker blue than in the pic. Very nice though. She'll love them. Arrived quickly and in nice packaging. <end>  A great buy for any occasion  Bought these earrings for my girlfriend this past May. She says she really likes them because they can go with almost any outfit and when she's working in the office setting they aren't too gaudy or distracting. The price I think is very reasonable if you are looking for a good piece of jewelry that isn't going to break the bank. The diamonds are a little darker but you can tell they are blue, especially when light hits them. They are pretty small, but you aren't going to get a better price even if you go up to 3/4 ct, which honestly isn't a noticeable difference in size. Very fast shipping and tracking info. I am a repeat customer of Amazon and with great products and service I will be a customer for a long time. <end>  Love these earrings!  These are very pretty earrings and quickly became one of my favorite. The setting the diamond sets in is 3/16 deep (hard to tell from the picture) and the color is a little darker than the picture shows but they go with about everything, especially jeans and are very sparkly. Would love to get the 1/4 cttw when the price comes down. Highly recommend! <end>  1/2 Ct Blue Diamond - just as described  The blue diamong earrings are just as described. I knew they would not be big because when it says 1/2 ct, it means both earrings together, therefore making each one 1/4 ct. <end>  Wife liked them, I thought they were too small.  Pretty, but small. Like really small. Typical guy, I should have realized I wasn't getting gigantic rocks for 150ish bucks, but I didn't. Anyway. Like I said, pretty. <end>  Blue Diamond Earrings  My wife loves this and I am please with the sparkle and this shade of blue color. It makes them unique and quite attractive. <end>  i love it  it is a pleasure to do business withit is a pleasure to do business withit is a pleasure to do business withit is a pleasure to do business with <end>  Good deal  After reading the other reviews I was a little worried about the quality but very happy with the purchase. Even though they are I1 rated I didn't see any visible flaws. Also the size was perfect. The reason for the 4 stars is because the color is not like the picture but that was expected. Color is more teal than blue. <end>  Small but beautiful!  I wanted to get a friend something to let her know she was still beautiful even if she was now bald. She loved them and couldn't stop looking at them in the mirror, mission accomplished! <end>  diamond studs  these are very lovely!! better than i expected. sparkly & the colors blue/green are really pretty!! i am pleased. they seem to be of good workmanship too. <end>  Size differential  I was initially disappointed with the size-they were not exactly as pictured and upon first inspection, seemed too small. But <end>  golden girl  These are really stunning on. They are eye catchers and worth the investment. I'll enjoy these for decades to come. Really lovely in the second ear piercing. <end>  gift, AMAZON AND GE CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS FOR STORE CARD  these were a gift for my sister very pretty the color is off they are more of a caribbean blue she loved them thats all that matteredSO WHATS UP WITH amazon and GE I don't know about anyone else's experience but mine was a nightmare. Unauthorized payments were being withdrawn from my bank account, I got nothing but grief from both amazon and GE there was nothing they could do because it was my fault because "I authorized the payment" My suggestion keep an eye on both your bank acct and your amazon summary. Also returned items do not get credited to your available credit but to your balance. <end>  Truly Beauties!  These are very nice blue diamonds! The picture does show more of a blue, but these are more of a blue/green like the ocean, which is more true to the blue diamond. If you want a BLUER...you should look at sapphires. I got these to match a blue diamond ring I purchased while in St. Thomas....now to find a necklace to complete! Nicely packaged. If you want nice blue diamonds for a good price, give these a try! <end>  Beautiful Blue Diamonds!  The diamonds are darker than the picture but after reading all of the reviews I expected that. Perfect idea for a gift! <end>  Girlfriend loved it  Got it as a birthday present for my girlfriend, and she loved it! The diamonds are a bit lighter than in the picture, but are pleasant to look at. <end>  Pretty good diamod earrings  I purchased these earrings while travelling in the US diring July 2011. The item was delivered before time (I used next day shipping) in my hotel. The diamonds were quite big and good looking. Of course they were not very sparkling, but you cannot expect so much for so little money.My wife loved them. Overall it was a good shopping experience.Subhendu <end>  Earrings OK. Box - worthless.  Speedy shipping. Blue diamond color with a slight green hue - very nice. Also, very small. Each earring probably is a quarter carat. The spare four-prong setting makes the diamonds look rather smallish. Great if you want very simple, unobtrusive earrings. Not so great if you were looking for something with more presence. If that's the case, probably best to head toward .50 carat per earring (of course, at an increased price). Now, the box. Thankfully, the presentation box is very nice. However, the outer box with Katrina on it and a bow would have been very nice as well . . . if someone in shipping had not plastered a tag over the top of the box and part of the ribbon. Taking off the identification tag ruined the look of the box (box came away along with tag), and part of the ribbon. What would have made for a nice combo presentation, now is pared down to the inside box. I'm comfortable giving three stars even with the ruined box. Fix the box, and the rating might get another star (since, I only paid for a quarter carat per earring, and the price was quite good). <end>
 B0006OATBA  0.60 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Cross Pendant ||	  Very pretty, but...  I completely agree with the previous post. Good quality and very pretty, BUT, it is soooo tiny. I thought they forgot to put the cross on the chain when I opened it. Honestly, you can barely see it. I also agree in changing the chain, to maybe add some substance to the cross. However, I really do like it. I'm just shocked at the size. The 1/2 inch picture is very deceiving. <end>  Very cute  This is tiny but good quality. If you like the petite cross look, this is perfect. I would change the chain into something more substantial when you get it. Would buy again. <end>  Pleasantly surprised!  Honestly, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this necklace, especially considering the incredibly low price. I love the delicate, beaded chain and the added bonus of being able to adjust the length to either 16" or 18". I'm glad I chose the .60 carat cubic Z cross. It's small and graceful and could easily pass for real diamonds. All in all, a great find for someone who'd love to have real diamonds and white gold, but doesn't want to pay the price. <end>
 B0006OATCE  1/4 Carat Sterling Silver CZ 3 stone Pendant ||	  Perfect for what I Needed  I purchased this to wear for my wedding ... the princess cut matches my ring. I didn't want to worry about expensive, real diamonds. It was smaller than I thought but I do have be honest and state that I did not pay attention to size in the description. The clasp needs to be better, but other than that, it looks real. <end>
 B0006OATD8  1 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Cross Pendant ||	  Pretty cross/nix the chain.....  This tiny cross (about a 1/2 inch long) is very pretty and nicely set, but the chain is VERY cheap-looking. I put my cross on one of my good silver 16-inch chains and it looks beautiful, now. It is sparkly and looks "believeable" for the money. <end>  Not what I hoped for  The necklace I received didn't come the the chain in the picture. I don't even know if the chain it came with is sterling silver or not. Not impressed with the earrings or the necklace. <end>  Very good service!  Very good and dependable service. Exactly like it was in the picture; I was very pleased! <end>
 B0006OATGA  1.25 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Hoop Earrings ||	  earrings  the metal bar is too short to easily put into ear hole then clamp. the clamp is not tight and often comes loose. you can bend the wire back so the clamp is tighter but then it is hard to unclamp and get out of your ear.not satisfied with these earrings but you get what you pay for. <end>  Cheap and broken  I can't believe I bought these earrings,They look strong in the photo,but believe me they are not.Honest!I put them on in the morning.I didn't touch them or excert myself and by 6 p m ,one just fell off.One earring's hinge was already loose when I got it! That doesn;t surprice me because they mail them in those cheap asian cloth pouches that cost a cent for 100 count.These earrings are so tiny. They are very,very thin not like most little huggie earrings.I will never order from COOLSTYLES again. This taught me a lesson> <end>  Excellent Buy  Very well-made; looks real; ended up buying more fr same vendor; why shop elsewhere. <end>
 B0006OATKQ  1.4 Carat Cubic-zirconia Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful with Amazing Sparkle  These earrings impressed me even before I got them out of the red silky pouch they came in. They have such amazing sparkle, much more than I expected. They will be perfect for any occasion, and I can't wait to wear them. My advice  if you're buying these as a gift, get more than one pair, so you can keep a pair yourself. My regret  I wish I had purchased more than I did. Very fast shipping, too. <end>  Gorgeous earings  Perfect for White Christmas or even any black tie event. I bought a pair for my 6 year old daughter. The earings came in a lovely pink silk pouch and I ran to the computer immediately to buy myself a pair. Very high quality look and beautiful craftmanship. <end>  Beautiful! You can't beat the price!  These earrings are lovely! I originally wanted to 1 carat earrings from Coolstyles but they weren't available. I ordered these instead and I'm not dissappointed. They even arrived 4 days early! These earrings are very classy and, although the stones are larger than I expected, they are not too "blingy" or tacky at all! The silver is beautiflly polished and the stones have a wonderful sparkle! For the price, you just can't go wrong! <end>  Arrived Fast  Out of about 6 items I ordered at the same time this one arrived first.I got these as a gift for my sister and she seemed to like them. <end>  Very pretty, worried about losing them  Someone else already said it, but yes you can lose them easily. They are a lot smaller than I thought. But still nice, great for a casual or dressy outfit. I got compliments on them. But now, one of them won't close anymore. The little hook bent and it's a bit flimsy and I'm afraid I'll break it if I try to straighten it. Since it no longer really closes securely, I don't even wear them anymore. It's a shame. They aren't very expensive though, so no tears shed if you lose one! <end>  Pretty Cool, I Like Them  Based on other reviews, I knew these would be small but I thought the stones might be too large.They arrived in 2 days with standard shipping. The address says Florida but the company (did some research) is in California. They came in a tiny plastic bag in a tiny fabric pouch.My earrings are symmetrical in every way and the stones are well set. They don't reflect the light as much as I'd want but they do not look cheap and the stones are not discolored.The only real drawback to these is the catch/clasp which is just held in place by a notch type of catch. It would be very easy to lose these and wouldn't take a lot of force to dislodge one. I'd say, if you plan on wearing them casually you'll most likely lose one. Great purchase but best saved for special occasions or when you'll remember to check your ears a lot to make sure they're still on. <end>  BEAUTIFUL, BUT THE PIN IS WEAK  BEAUTIFUL, BUT THE PIN IS WEAK, THE PIN HAD BENT AFTER THE 1ST TIME I WORE IT, SO JUST BE CAREFULL NOT TO BREAK IT. <end>  Good  The earrings were pretty and classy looking, however, I thought they would be just a tiny bit larger. The detail was good and the workmanship was nice. <end>
 B0006OG6N0  Cartouche Pendant - Made in Egypt - with "I LOVE YOU" in Hieroglyphics - Solid Style ||	  Hieroglyphs  Just wanted to say that these hieroglyphs don't actually mean "I love you" in Ancient Egyptian; someone just tried to transcribe the English words into hieroglyphs (and did a pretty lousy job at it). But it's pretty anyway and not many people would realize that the writing on it doesn't mean anything.  ) <end>  Egyptian Treasures  This is a great company! Quality products at a fair price! Great customer service! I will definitely buy from them again. <end>
 B0006OGNRE  LUXURIOUS COLOR Designer Sterling Silver Rainbow Fire Gray Mother Of Pearl Pendant ||	  Looks nice in the picture doesn't it  Well the item looks very nice but I never got it, I was supposed to get it on the 14th of August and to date it has not arrived, thier customer service tells me to contact the USPS office to check and that if I want to be able to track the item I should order express mail. well DUH!the fact is when a company claims the arrival of an item is between Aug 9th and 14th it should arrive on time, this will be the first and unfortunately the last time I ever order from this company, they would answer all my emails, when I emailed a few days ago asking to cancel the order and refund the amount, I never got a reply till now... <end>
 B0006OJ4VG  Floral Bali Sterling Silver Poison Locket Scent Pendant ||	  Beautiful!  I ordered this item for my 8 year old daughter. Silver Insanity sent confirmation emails promptly, and the package arrived on time and was wrapped carefully. It is beautiful. I ordered the chain that's available in gift options when you check out, also. It is very delicate but not cheapy feeling. The locket itself is sturdy and has lots of space inside. We're very happy with the purchase. <end>  very nice  It is pretty as well as spacious. I wanted something spacious but not too huge or heavy and this locket does that. <end>  Exactly what I was looking for...  I was looking to use this to hold a some of my daily medication. It is just deep enough to do so, and it closes tightly so I don't need to worry that it is going to pop open. In addition to this being functional, I've received quite a few compliments on it from friends when I wear it. <end>  Beautiful and useful  More than once I've opened this generously sized locket to retrieve my prescription pain killer. I highly recommend it even if you're not going to use it, for its sheer beauty. <end>
 B0006OJ73Q  Sterling Silver Antiqued Style Ornate Spoon Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Gr8 spoon ring  I love the ring-it was given to me by my parents as a Christmas gift! Fits perfectly and lovely heart design on it-the only problem is that it turns my finger "green" (I don't know why this is happening when it has 925 stamped on it, indicating that it's real Sterling Silver),but I love it anyway. <end>  Quality and cute..  Bought this for my teenager who likes the vintage spoon rings but loves this one even more and won't take it off! Non-adjustable but fit her finger perfectly so it wasn't a problem. Very detailed and quality. <end>  spoon ring  I bought this as a gift for our daughter and she loves it. And so do all of her friends. The quality is very good and its very pretty. <end>  Pretty ring!  This is a cool spoon ring--it's unique (in a good way). I bought it for my best friend for Christmas...hope she likes it. The sizing is a little small, just FYI.  ) <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love my ring. I get complimented on it daily. It's very vintage-inspired and chic. The only issue with the ring is it was advertised as adjustable, however it is most definitely not. My ring is welded together in the middle so I had to wear it on a different finger than planned because it was too big. Other than that, though, it is amazing! <end>  Awesome, beautiful, no green ring  )  I bought 2 of these rings for me and my best friend. i got a size 7, and it fits nicely around my ring finger. i wear it everyday, no green hands for me  ) <end>  Great detail, good quality, lots of compliments, no problems for me  Well, I've had this ring for about a year now. My ring size is between a 6.5-7, depending on the ring. I had read the review where it said that the sizing was a little small, so I bought the size 7. It fits wonderfully, no problems at all. The ring has a good quality weight to it too. And for me it doesn't turn my finger green. But then that very rarely happens with my skin anyway. I love all the intricate details on the design and how the nice blackening in the background really brings out those details. Also, I am incredibly glad all of the design is in good shape, no deformities or anything covered over with a sloppy blackening job. All in all, I am greatly pleased with this ring and I wear it all the time. When other people notice it they always comment on how they love it and how unique it is. <end>  So cute, slightly big  I wear this ring a lot, but it maybe about a 1/4 - 1/2 size larger than actual. my ring finger is a 6.5 so I ordered a size 7, but it fits loose on my ring finger, and much more snugly on my middle finger. Quality though, no complaints. ) <end>  AWESOME ring!  Love love love it! Exactly what I was looking for and fit like a charm. No green fingers with this gem! <end>  Very cute ring!  Love this ring! It is adorable on and is the perfect size for my finger. <end>  Great looking ring.  I bought this for a Christmas present for my wife. She loved it and we couldn't be happier.I would recomend it to anybody. <end>  Better than pictured, very shiny  Much shinier than the picture does justice, and the sheen lasts. I was worried looking at the picture and for the price it would look cheesy and plastic, but it's very nicely detailed in person. <end>  Outstanding!  When I seen this ring I knew I had to have it! When I got it, It was more beautiful then I ever could imagine! Spoon rings are really differant in so many ways.You feel proud just to wear one! I'm glad that I chose this one to be the first of my new collection of spoon rings. <end>  Great Christmas Gift  Bought as a Christmas Gift for my daughter. She loved it. Detail on the ring was very nice. Wore it to a our family gathering Christmas night and numerous family members commented it on. <end>  Third ring that I have bought  Hello, I have had many thumb rings but I truly love this one. I bought it and wore it for quite awhile and then gave it to my daughter in law who loved it. She lost the ring, so I ordered her another and one for me, too. <end>
 B0006OT96G  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Celtic Knot Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Black Onyx Celtic Knot Ring  A really nice ring, it's really good and with a good price <end>  Black Onyx Celtic Knot RIng  This is a great ring for the price. It is smooth, low profile, perfect size ring! <end>  Exactly As Described  Very pleased with this ring. Perfect size for an active person - relatively low profile. I have several pieces with the Celtic Trinity Knot & this ring is a lovely addition. Clean, classic lines - beautiful onyx. Size runs true. I've received many compliments! Would definitely order from this company again. <end>  love it!  I read the previous reviews. almost didn't order it. I am glad I did, its what I was looking for. a nice low priced ring to wear to work. the flat cut setting makes it good, can't get any prongs stuck in gloves so you don't lose the setting easily. simple silver design was highly appreciated. and the size ran true. I got what I ordered. <end>  Cheap and Broken  This ring arrived yesterday and I'm going to send it back immediately. When I opened up the little plastic bag the stone was not even in the setting anymore. It apparently came loose from the setting during the shipping process. I thought about gluing the stone back into the setting, but when I examined it closely I was very disappointed. The stone is extremely thin and cheap looking. The ring is also much smaller than the photograph makes it appear.I think it looks like a ring for a young girl and not for a woman.Needless to say, I am not happy with this purchase and I will not be ordering again from this seller anytime soon. <end>  Love Onyx  I've always liked simple onyx rings. This was the first one I'd seen in a long time that was something I'd want to wear. Love it. <end>  Celtic Black Onyx Ring  This is a really nice little ring. I was very impressed at how pretty it is - especially for such a reasonable price. <end>  Cheap stone  I didn't like this one very much and ended up sending it back. The stone just didn't look nice to me in what seemed to be a cheap setting. The price was great, but I didn't think it was worth the money unless you are just looking for a basic inexpensive ring with out the higher end quality appearance. <end>  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Celtic Knot Ring  I was looking for a black Onyx ring because I never had one.And I found the Sterling Siver Black Onyx Celtic Ring and I liked it so much that I bought it I may buy another black onyx ring. there was something that I saw on Amazon.com that I liked I don't thing that it was a black onyx. does not have to be black. the one that I saw was very pretty and I liked it. <end>  Black Onyx ring  I have been looking for a black onyx ring in size 10 for my right index finger. It is very hard to find size 10 in women's rings. I was excited to find this ring. I really like it, and it's very pretty, but there was a slight problem. I ordered a 10, when I got it there was a size 10 on the label, but it didn't fit. I have a couple of other size 10 rings that fit my index finger, but this one seems to be smaller for some reason. I don't know if this ring runs small, like some styles of clothing, but the 10 does not fit like a 10. I was going to send it back and order an 11, but sadly there is no 11. The ring is very pretty though, and I have been wearing it on a different finger. <end>  Beautiful ring  I bought this ring for my 17 year old daughter and she just loves it! The best part was the price, which was under $20., you can't find that in stores. She now wants to get the matching earrings! <end>  Amazing looking Black Onyx  One of the simplest but very elegant looking Black Onyx Rings I have seen in a long time. It looks so cute worn on the index finger. Nice ring for the money. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring is beautiful and I really liked it, but they either sent the wrong size or they run small because it didn't fit, so I returned it. <end>  Nice ring . . .  My husband bought me this ring for Christmas, but showed it to me early. He had ordered a size 8, which is what the receipt stated, however the ring sent was a size 5. Being so close to Christmas, he didn't want to send it back, so now I'm stuck with a ring 3 sizes too small! It's a lovely ring . . . I just won't ever get to wear it, because the person packing the orders wasn't paying attention to the size clearly marked on the receipt! <end>
 B0006Q3Q8G  Anklet - A2 - Swarovski (tm) Crystal - Stretch ~ Aqua ||	  Gorgeous anklets  I purchased an aqua and a sapphire swarovski crystal anklets to wear at a wedding. Two different people will be wearing these and we have two sizes of ankles. They work perfectly and sparkle like crazy! <end>
 B0006Q3Q9U  Anklet - A6 - Crystal Stretch ~ Clear ||	  Not all Swarovski  Gave as gift and could tell that my friend liked even the cheaper one I had on of rhinestones. The crystals were nice enough and though bigger stones, didn't shine as wide a diameter as my dime store one, but the worst feature was that it hung awkwardly, didn't hang loosely, maybe due to the too square or too close setting. It wasn't advertised as all Swarovski, as their settings are silver, so didn't expect it to be such, the price being the telltale. <end>
 B0006Q3RAS  LogoArt Joey Logano Sterling Silver Car Pendant - JOEY LOGANO One Size ||	  Tony Stewart Sterling Silver Pendant  The pendant was just as described when I received it, it was really more detailed than I thought it would be everything about it is so detailed really done by a pro I love it and will shop more with this jeweler in the near furture and as far as price up with the market and shipping was super fast in all my rating is a AAAAA+ could not be no better Your's truly a amazon.com shopper..... <end>
 B0006SE0Z2  Egyptian Bird Sun God Horus Pewter and Crystal Pendant Necklace ||	  Like it a lot.  It's very beautiful and I couldn't love it more. The only thing I wish was different is the chain. It should be longer or adjustable. Other than that, it's perfect and now hands in my car. The picture on here doesn't do its beauty justice. Very happy with it. <end>
 B0006SE17O  Sterling Silver Amethyst Mystical Armor Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  COMFORT IS THE NAME OF THE GAME  COMFORT IS THE RIGHT WORD TO USE WHEN TALKING ABOUT THIS RING; NOT TO MENTION THAT IT LOOKS SO BOHO--LOVE THAT LOOK. AGAIN, THIS IS FROM ONE OF MY FAVORITE SELLERS. THANKS SO MUCH REGARDS,DH <end>  Regret  I was shocked when I saw this ring, it was not what I expected. I have never seen a ring so small, not made for humans. it's something I'd expect in a bon bon at Christmas time.It's too tight for my pinky, the sizing is all wrong.I can't imagine them selling this item in a jewelry shop, very disappointing, not worth the money at all. I won't buy jewelry online anymore.A regret <end>
 B0006SE2Q4  Sterling Silver Garnet Lady Knight Armor Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Excellent value!  I decided to write a review for this product as I've seen many reviews for items by this seller that were fairly contradictory. I am an avid fan of sterling silver and personally own over 100 rings (purchased from various sellers and artisans).Here is what I can tell you from my extensive experience  substantial sterling is expensive and shiny finishes scratch no matter how careful you are.Taking that into account, I ordered this item with some trepidation- it seemed to be awfully cheap for real sterling, and it's very shiny.The sterling is somewhat thin, HOWEVER it is not as thin as I was expecting it to be. It does not bend with normal usage. I even squeezed it onto a larger finger and then did some tugging to get it back off and the ring did NOT bend. That is a decent thickness for the price.I also wear many rings at the same time and have not found my rings to have scratched the surface of this one (yet).I have purchased rings from major retailers (when they were on sale they were about the same price as this) and the sterling was much flimsier and the surfaces easier to scratch.Added to the fact that it is well-made (solid, the scrollwork is not sticking out and the stone is not loose), the details charming, and the stone genuine, I can honestly say that I've NEVER FOUND A BETTER DEAL for a genuine sterling silver ring!I loved the ring so much that I have ordered several more and some other items from Silver Insanity.I am extremely satisfied with their products and find their prices excellent (reasonable and appropriate).These "armor" rings are a bit smaller than what some people may have been expecting but that is why you should read the specifications carefully and also the weight listings.I found that the 3 "armor" rings that I have purchased all reach to about 1 centimeter BEHIND my middle knuckle (as in, does not go past my middle knuckle).One note- the sizes seem a tad bit small- if you are a half size, order up!Hope this helps! <end>  RING  THE RING IS BEAUTIFUL BUT THIN, FOR SPECIAL OCCASSIONS ONLY. I LEFT IT IN MY PURSE AND IT GOT PANCAKED BEFORE I WAS ABLE TO WEAR IT. I WAS ABLE TO FIX IT AS MUCH AS I COULD BUT THE SHAPE IS DISTORTED. VERY NICE OTHERWISE. ALSO IT RUNS A LITTLE SMALL, I WEAR A LOOSE 7 AND THIS RING IS SNUG <end>  Thin and bends easily, but very pretty  I really liked this ring. It is very pretty and just the right size for me.The silver is very thin, however, and bends very easily. I put it on my middle finger, and when I took it off, it was bent out of shape. The good thing is that it was bent to mold to my finger and was very comfortable, even for being so wide. <end>
 B0006SJQMO  Heavy Sterling Silver Fantasy MUSHROOM Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Sturdy Ring  This ring is very solid and sturdy, not cheap and bendable. I have worn it while washing dishes, cleaning the house, all types of activities and it is in great shape. I don't like the fake silver metal rings because they turn green and irritate my skin, this one is not that way! I recommend it if you want a unique, attractive, sturdy ring. <end>  Fun, well-made ring  My son is fascinated by fungi of all sorts, and I gave him this ring for his 11th birthday. He absolutely loves it, and it appears quite sturdy and capable of the beating it's bound to take. Very reasonably priced and arrived immediately. <end>  very nice ring  this is a beautiful ring. much shinier then the picture makes it look. the artwork is exquisite with excellent detail and the ring is very comfortable to wear as well. very well made. <end>  Physc  I love this ring it reminds me of the years that i was on acid 24/7. If only i could go back to the good ol days. It's symbolic to me of good memories on drugs, instead of addiction. <end>
 B0006SJS86  Sterling Silver Fantasy Fairy / Faery Pixie Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Fairy Pixie Ring  I found it to be exactly as described only much more attractive in person. A great little ring that catches others eyes making it an adorable conversation piece.Great buy for the money. <end>
 B0006SW2DY  Surgical Steel Flat 9mm Wedding Band Spinner Ring Matte Finish, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  I highly recommend Sabrina Silver.  I ordered my ring a half size small so when I mailed it back they sent another one right away. I think it's great and I highly recommend Sabrina Silver. <end>  It's Okay  The ring was a little bigger in heigth than I thought it was going to be. It would look better if the you have longer fingers. The spinners works very well, spins freely without effort. <end>  Great Ring  This is a great ring- well at least according to my husband. We got married in September and he absolutely LOVES this ringIt is tough, durable- and very wide- which is a problem if you have small fingers.He loves spinning it which annoys the heck out of me- but it looks great on himPros Cheap Price (was a last minute ring purchase)Durable MaterialCons Packaging lacks desire (just sent in a tiny ziplock bag)The spinning sound is very annoying--Overall, great ring at a great price and makes a good wedding band if you have large fingers. <end>  Good ring for the money  The ring is exactly what i was looking for, but since the size chart isn't accurate mines a little to big ( size 13 ). since i cant return it ill put it up as a "used" ring if any one wants to buy it. If the ring was my size i would have given it 5 stars <end>  Nice ring, angular edges though  This ring looks like an expensive ring and the spinner feature is good for someone who is fidgety. It is really great quality and the price is amazing. It is shinier than in the picture, it looks very nice. The only problem is that the edges are angular and this can be a problem if you wear your ring constantly. For example, it is uncomfortable to wash your face with this ring on. My husband forgets his ring when he takes it off, so this ring was not ideal for him to keep taking off and forgetting when he was showering. If you do not have that problem then this is a great ring to consider. <end>  What Ring  Man I have searched high and low for a replacement ring for my very expensive wedding band (after I lost it the first time) yet I didn't want to spend another fortune so both me and my wifey are glad that I found this ring....Perfect price, perfect fit, and looks kinda sorta costly.. I don't quite know what's the purpose of the thing spinning... <end>  fast shipment great ring!!  great transaction. item is in very good condition and was exactky like the picture.. seller had great communication and super fast shipment. thanks <end>  Great Ring  I loved this ring especially because I'm a fidgeter and I already spin my rings. I could spin this one without being so obvious!  ) The only problem I had was that it was about 1/2 size too big. Will probably order a smaller size! Highly recommend seller - very fast service! <end>  I bought this ring as a wedding band  It came in a silver box and was shipped sooner than I expected. It has excellent craftsman work, great for any occasion and the price is the best part, it's very very affordable and I am not just saying that. <end>  Cool!  Looks cool and is a great conversation piece. I'm ordering more in different sizes for other fingers. <end>  Great item!  My partner LOVED this ring and he keeps playing with it lol. Its a spinner ring and everyone who sees it says it looks great! <end>  spinner ring for men  I like this ring and my worrying husband loves the fact that he can spin it whenever he is worrying.It is very thick so if you do not have large hands don't do it.Also the sizes seem to run a bit small, we ordered a 13 and had to return it for a 13.5. <end>  Wonderful to buy from!  I was very pleased with my product. It was exactly what I had ordered with nothing wrong. It was packaged nicely and got to me is amazing speed. I actually received my product a couple days prior to the expected arrival date. Thanks for a great product and the speedy delivery <end>  Not part of a faucet.  The maintenance guy at work thought it was part of the faucet aerator. It spins. I still wear it after 4 years even though it gets scuffed up. I give it a whirl on the polishing wheel and it looks brand new.The best part was how Amazon accomplishes measuring your finger, well, at least back when I got it. <end>  great  perfect for him....... ...... ....... . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . <end>  Nice for the price  The spinner is louder than others that I've played with. We had a little trouble getting the sizing correct but the seller was totally nice. Looks like they might run a size and a half too big. <end>  Junk.  Obviously you shouldn't expect a whole lot for under $10, but if it's going to be junk, why even sell it? You have to force the ring to spin and the edges seem kind of rough so the cut into your fingers. Lesson learned, if the price seems to good to be true, it usually is. <end>  Simple Find  I lost a ring simliar to this one while I was deployed, this was a quick and easy replacement. For the price, you can't beat it. Great product, would buy another if I lose this one. <end>  Good action  This ring has good spin action. I like the single tone and it wears well. I haven't scratched it yet. <end>  Grinding more like it.  I did get the ring on the 1st good job on that. Poor craftsman ship, fits my finger but as for my new kitchen sink bling. What a waist. Not really recommended. Well see what happens. <end>  I loved it, he hated it!  According to my hubby, the sizes feel small. He does say that since it's a spinner ring, you can't get a solid grip on it to twist it off (he likes his rings to fit snug). So it got stuck on his finger a couple times and he hasn't worn it since. I have owned spinner rings before and I never had the problem that he had, but I also have smaller fingers. I could see how, on chunkier fingers, it would be difficult to remove it. <end>
 B0006SW2WU  Surgical Steel Domed 9mm Wedding Band Ring Polished Removable Fish Bone Cut-outs Matte Finish Comfort-Fit, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  A bit "edgy"  I really like the quality, but the edges of the cutout are sharp. It gets caught in fabricks easily. I took a small nail file and smoothed it out a bit. <end>  100% Recommended  These laser cut rings look fantastic and are very comfortable. I plan on getting more. <end>
 B0006TK3RK  Egyptian Silver Scarab Pendant ||	  Not quite as pictured  The silver scarab pendant I recieived does not have the darker coloration; it's entirely silver in color. I was also expecting it to be a bit weightier... the pendant is very, very lightweight. I was expecting a bit more rugged pendant. This scarab pendant would be nice for someone wanting a very lightweight, elegant pendant. It's a decent buy, and the shipping was fast. <end>
 B0006TK3RU  Egyptian Silver Scarab Bracelet ||	  SO WORTH IT  I ordered this bracelet as a good luck charm. I'm not usually superstitious, but it may have helped bring me luck! It is beautiful and solid. I love it. <end>
 B0006TK3TS  18k Gold Winged Isis Pendant ||	  Beautiful Pendant  Not only was this pendant beautiful and my girlfriend who I gave it to for her 40th, absolutely loved it, the customer service at Egyptian Imports is exceptional! Thank you so much! <end>
 B0006TKCPI  2.52 ctw 14k Oval Citrine Cross Pendant - JewelryWeb ||	  Beautiful cross  Beautiful and comfortable. Wearing daily. I wish I could have a little more yellow color but still I like it. <end>
 B0006TT9WK  New Sterling Silver Marcasite 8 MM Band Ring Size 4.5 ||	  Better than expected.  I received this ring a few days ago and I love it.It sparkles like crazy.Everyone who has seen it fell in love with it.This was my first order from Amazon and will not be my last.Ron N. <end>
 B0006U2AFW  Dad Italian Charm ||	  Dad Charm  Love this charm. I get a number of compliments on it because it is clear and colorful. It Arrive quickly and the quality is excellent. A bit steep on the shipping costs. <end>
 B0006U7Y3A  Italian Charms Laser New Jersey ||	  Perfect Charm  Thank you for my New Jersey Charm. It goes perfect with the other state charms on my bracelet from places i've been. Deffinanlty a perfect souvenior to show off to everyone! <end>
 B0006UGIPU  New Antique Finish 925 Sterling Silver Toering Toe Ring ||	  One of my favorite toe rings!  It lasted about a year before the finish started to wear off a little bit. This might be due to how often I wore it in sand, water, etc. I still wear it though -- it's too adorable not to, and just fine without the darker finish. Adjustable size = maximum comfort. Recommended! <end>
 B0006UTVKO  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Created Alexandrite Ring ||	  Words cant explain!  I truly am skeptical when it comes to buying "real" jewelery online and was dying for a ring that had Alexandrite because its my birthstone and my dream engagement ring. I received my ring promptly within 1 week of ordering and just to be safe had a jeweler test the diamonds only to confirm that they were real. I am so happy to see a company who is truthful and doesn't misrepresent their items. I am beyond happy with the clarity cut etc. I think the size is a bit snug I bought a 7 when i have a 6.75 wedding band and its snug so they may run a little snug due to the shape of the ring (completely fine, not complaining..things like this vary)..so FYI i would size up at least half a size. The box and teddy were too cute! Thanks for your honesty and quality and by the way I did not get paid to write this review this is truly my sheer appreciation for a honest company in this day and age when people get ripped off left and right. <end>
 B0006V1OKS  Cosmos Fireball Navel Bar 14 gauge by 3/8" in length ||	  beautiful but not functional  the stem/bar is waaaay too long to actually fit in my bellybutton. it's a gorgeous stone though. it's also GIGANTIC. <end>
 B0006V4AFY  Crystalline Gem Black Heart Pixie Fairy Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Get what you pay for.  I've purchased many different belly rings for my girlfriend, and I'd have to say this is the bottom of the barrel. I had high hopes, but in this case you get what you pay for.The jewel on the bottom of the ring is very cheap looking and could easily fall off, the dangle part (pixie) is on a very weak chain. After only 20 minutes of walking around a grocery store after I gave it to her, it had already broken and fallen off somewhere along the way.Would not recommend this product -- or this seller -- to anyone. <end>
 B0006V4AGI  Passion Pink Gem Black Heart Pixie Fairy Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Cheap  This item fell apart after 3 days use. I contacted company and it was like pulling teeth to get a credit or another product. Hmmmm...not too happy this time. <end>
 B0006V4B3K  Midnight Gem Leo Zodiac Sign Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Symbol is wrong  I don't actually own the product, but I happened to notice something wrong. The title of the product is "Midnight Gem LEO Zodiac Sign Dangle Belly Ring". This is what I noticed  The symbol isn't Leo, it's Taurus! The sellers of this product needs to rename it "Midnight Gem TAURUS Zodiac Sign Dangle Belly Ring. <end>
 B0006V4BPS  Antique Gold Pink Gem Glorious Chandelier Dangle Belly Ring ||	  NOT AS GLORIOUS AS PICTURED  Terrible! Did not have three pink "dangles" as pictured, only three clear beads dangling at bottom, ALSO, missing a pink center stone! I definitely cannot wear this the way I recieved it. Very dissapointed considering how excited I was to wear the jewelry that was shown in the picture  '-( <end>
 B0006VKBRA  Gorgeous! Diamond Cut Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Dangle Hummingbird Earrings ||	  hummingbird earrings  Very nice but small they looked better on my little niece way too small for my taste in earrings. They were however beautifully made and my niece was thrilled to have them. I bought some other earrings from same maker and loved them they wern't dangle earrings, but were made out of black hills gold. I also bought some little rose studds they were delightful. Well worth the price. <end>
 B0006VVXJU  Marvelous Intense Green Chrysoprase Designer Sterling Silver Ring ||	  dramatic ring  I was very pleased with this item. One of many I have purchased from JeGem. <end>
 B0006YY87Q  Pugster Buddhist Bracelet Catholic Girl Gift Italian Charm ||	  Very Satisfied!  The produce got to me in good time, very good shape and the item was so well liked by the person I gave it too.I will order from this Company again. <end>
 B0006Z3H18  Thread Earrings   THL14K   Long Length, 14K Solid Gold ||	  thread earrings 14k gold  I like these earrings but they are very light. The earrings are different, they cost too much for the little amount gold there is, but I decided to keep them. <end>
 B0006ZNA1U  Blue Chalcedony, Pearl dangle earring ||	  Gorgeous earrings!  I love these earrings! The color is bold & beautiful & the quality is top-notch. I would definitely make another purchase from this artisan. <end>
 B0006ZPAO0  Elegant Beauty! Pendant/Necklace Black Hills Gold & Sterling-silver Cross ||	  Dainty and lovely  This little cross is very delicate and lovely. It's the perfect size for teens and even adults. I love Black Hills Gold and this is just another great product from them. The only negative is that because it is so small the detailing of the different colors of metals is hard to see. <end>
 B00070E0MM  Sterling Silver Clear Crystal and Pink Imitation Pearl Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Wow!!!  My expectations were blown away when I got this necklace! I expected light-weight and cheap feeling + look. Boy, was I wrong! This necklace is actually truly stunning and magnificent! The weight of it is heavier than I thought it would be, which I am happy about that. The crystals don't look like something off a plastic toy which I thought it might. It actually glistens in the light. Really beautiful! I'm more than pleased! <end>
 B00074CGS8  Sterling Silver Polished Ball Studs ||	  Shiny and Real Silver  These earrings were as described - they are real silver (they do not irritate my very sensitive ears). They are shiny and have not tarnished at all in the time I have worn them. The posts are a little long for my liking, but they are easily cut if you have the proper tools. I took off one star because the post does not have a catch for the earring back. I believe this is because the earrings are so inexpensive. For the price, however, these cannot be beat. They are the perfect size (check how large you want the ball of the earring before you buy!) and are high quality for the cost. <end>  Great earrings, amazing price!  These earrings are great to wear everyday. My ears are sensitive so I'm glad they are sterling silver, and they don't irritate my ears at all. Overall, great buy! <end>  A silver stud is a silver stud.  My mom got me these off my wish list because they're the regulation size for what females can wear in the Navy and I didn't have any for work. They arrived in a little velvet pouch which was cute, but one of the posts was slightly bent... no big deal right? It still went in my ear no problem. The main issue I have with them is that the posts themselves are engraved, which I've never seen before so it's a bit weird to me. Also, you know how sometimes you get a little gross stuff on the post after you take your earrings out? Just me? I hope not... anyway, it's extra gross when you have to try and wipe your ear junk out of the writing on the post. That being said, they're still functional so I'm willing to overlook the weirdness. <end>  Great!  They are bright and shiny, the perfect accent for my other earrings! Just the right size for me; have had many compliments on them. <end>  Just the right size . . .  I have only worn them a couple times--slept in them, even-and they are very comfortable and seem to be of quality. The posts are long enough (I have bought earrings online that barely had posts!), and I think over time I will continue to be very happy with this purchase. <end>  Wonderful earrings  Love these earrings. They are super comfortable and just the right size. I have wore them twice so far and have gotten several compliments. <end>  Silver earrings.  I bought earrings to match a neckllace i had bought. earrings are nice but a little to small.I traded with my daughter. <end>  Earrings  I needed something basic in silver and these fit the bill exactly. They are exactly what I was looking for. <end>  nice  These look pretty and are a better size than the 12mm ones I purchased first. 10 mm might have been a happy medium for daughter, but of course this is a matter of preference. However, they aren't quite as sturdy as the 12 mm ones. <end>
 B000765Y4Y  14k Yellow Gold Classic Solitaire Engagement Ring Setting ||	  14k Yellow Gold Classic Solitaire Engagement Ring Setting  I will have to admit, at first i thought it would not be all that nice because of the price. But i have to tell you that after i recieved the ring through the mail i wass very supprised and very pleased. I will definatly pass information on to all my friends and let them know how easy it was to find exactly what i was looking for from Amazon. <end>
 B00076ELN4  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Gold Wears Quickly  The white plating wears fairly quickly. It had to be resized as it could not be oredered small enough. <end>  Good price and durable  I bought this 2 years ago for my fiancee, now wife, and still showing its beauty. It does support good amount of abuse (scratches) since white gold is more tough than yellow gold. <end>
 B00076ELSO  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  A little big for small hands.  It is very pretty but if your future fionce is smaller than a six, maybe get something smaller. My fionce loves it but sometimes complains how it expands her fingers. <end>
 B00076IR2U  Sterling Silver Knotted Starburst Genuine Blue Sodalite Pendant ||	  Very Pretty  This pendant came exactly as pictured. I gave it to a friend as a gift and am considering buying one for myself. It is substantial in size, so you might want to break out a ruler or tape measure to be sure you want a pendant this size. It is a very pretty shade of blue and it not too heavy around your neck. I put it on a satin black cord necklace and it looks very pretty. <end>
 B00076P10G  Sterling Silver Heart Pink Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 9 ||	  Very pretty  The ring is very pretty. I didn't pay attention to silver at all - I prefer white gold, but when I saw products from this company, I decided to order several rings just for gifts... I was very happy with the quality and I found a way to get many different things much cheaper than if I spent on gold! This ring is very cute, very pretty and the quality is excelent. Delivery was fast. I will defenetely buy more from this seller. <end>  CUTE!  Wow, this ring is beautiful and unique, when ever I wear the pink ring I get compliments. The company is also great, they accidently sent me the wrong ring but responded promptly. <end>  Beautiful ring  This is a beautiful ring. I have gotten compliments on it since the first time I wore it. <end>
 B00076TR5Q  SCER001 Sterling Silver Multicolor Cluster Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  very pretty  I love these earrings. They are even more beautiful in person. The colors are true and the crystals are clear and sparkle. I usually go for darker colors but these are so nice, that i am glad i stepped out of my box.The seller was great & the product was packaged and shipped well.I recommend these earrings and seller.Happy shopping <end>  Looks even better in person  I received these today I'm quite pleased. They are very pretty and look better than they do in the picture. The crystals are not &#34;fixed&#34; in place, but have a small bar running vertically through all of them. There is slight movement of the crystals, but not much. The earrings are exactly an inch and a half long from the very top of the hoop to the bottom. The &#34;925&#34; stamp is on there so it is real sterling silver. I would recommend these to anyone who likes pastel colors and earrings that aren't really dainty or too large. <end>  Beautiful colors  I love these earrings-colors are beautiful, easy to put on, they go with so many clothing colors! I LOVE THEM! <end>  Pastel earrings  The earrings are adorable! The colors are beautiful and such good quality. My granddaughter will love wearing them for school or a special event. <end>  Nice earrings and very colorful  I like this earrings...they are cute and colorful and quant. i thought it was going to be bigger but its a good size not too big or small. <end>  Great For My Outfits  All the different colors in these crystal earrings seem to make them just perfect no matter what outfit I put on. <end>  Very pretty but a little pricey  I bought this as a set with the necklace and I would not have if I hadn't had a gift certificate. Not that it wasn't pretty, because it was. It makes a nice gift but I think it is on the pricier side for what you are getting. They are quite lovely but above the price point that I would have assigned to them - that was definitely determined after I had them in my hand. It was only a guess from the picture. I do like the multi-color. <end>  Good for the Price  The earrings aren't nearly as sparkly as they seem in the picture, but for $20, they are absolutely gorgeous. If you look closely you can see the wire connecting the beads, but from a distance of more than about two feet they look fantastic. <end>  Beautiful earrings  These earrings are beautiful. I bought them for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she loved them. Very well made and look very nice. <end>  She loved them  My grandaughter received them Christmas, and has worn them since. They dangle and the crystal glitters as she moves. I would recommend these to friends. <end>  Quite pleased  I have recently bought this pair of earing and the matching bracelet for my son's care-giver. When it arrived my sisters and I were tempted to keep them for ourselves, they were lovely. I particularly like the make and the feel of the bracelet. They are what I would term "fun" pieces but not in the least suggesting that they are for younger persons only. I am in my 40s and would enjoy wearing these pieces.It was a good buy at the sale price.Oddly enough I also liked the packaging, the items came in a regular protective brown cardboard box that protected the little "gift boxes" on the inside. <end>  Love the earrings  I was very pleased with the service of this seller. The earrings came within a few days, and I love them. I have been asked more than once where I got them. Thanks. <end>  Not bad  Fairly pleased with these. I like the anklet and the bracelet done in this style quite a bit more, but these are not bad at all.I kind of wished the crystals on the string were flexible such that were a person to move their head they would not always stay in a straight line. I mean don't get me wrong... the earrings dangle and will move. They look to all be mounted on a silver rod, which will swing from the top. Maybe this was done for a reason, but I think they'd look nicer mounted on a loose cord. And for all I know I'd complain about the lack of structure and symmetry.Anyway... from a damned picky person, these are quite nice. <end>  beautiful and sparkly  I originally ordered the clear style of these earrings and loved them so much I then ordered the lavender ones and the multi-colored ones. I love all of them and get so many compliments when I wear them. They sparkle and are lovely. <end>  Colorful Earrings  I love these earrings!! High quality product. Fabulous color. I would buy these again!! <end>  Sparkly!  I received these earrings with a matching bracelet as a holiday gift. They are dainty but WOW, do they catch the light! They are sparkly and the multicolor stones go well with almost everything. I love wearing them and will be purchasing a pair of the lavender crystal ones for myself soon. <end>  Very pleased, earring are prettier than pictured.  These earrings look so clear and sparkly. I'm not convinced that they are genuine swarovski crystals because one side of each crystel does have a very faint coat of gold paint, however I also saw that on some of the jewelry at the actual swarovski store, so that may be how they should be in order to make them sparkle as beautifully as they do. I gave these away as a gift and all the recipients were very happy. For the price this is definitely an item worth getting. <end>  Beautiful Earrings!  I love these earrings! The Swarovski crystals sparkle beautifully! The quality and craftsmanship were evident as soon as I opened the box. This is my first jewelry purchase online and I was very pleasantly surprised. The earrings arrived in just a few days and they were very carefully packaged. <end>  Disappointed  The description is misleading - the earrings are much smaller than described. It should state that the leverback is part of the length. If I had known this I would not have purchased them. They're OK, but not great. I would think twice before buying jewelry again. <end>  Fun Sparkly Versatile  These earrings are so much fun, can be dressed up or down. So versatile! They are high quality and just the right dangle for my hair length. Very reasonably priced and so much fun! <end>  Swarovski Crystal Cluster Earrings  Couldn't be happier! These delightful gems go with a casual outfit as well as a dressy one. They are very well made, and so lovely too! I continually receive compliments on them. Certainly one of my favorite pieces of jewelry in my collection! <end>  Beautiful earrings  The earrings arrived even earlier than expected. They were a Christmas gift for my 15 year old daughter. She loves them. I agree with her, they are beautiful and will likely buy some of the other colors in the future. <end>  Gem Avenue again comes through again....  Beautiful earings that were a hit with the women that received them as a gift. Many complements on their sparkle and color. Thanks Gem Avenue and Amazon. <end>  Multicolor Swarovski Dangle Earrings  These earrings are gorgeous! I bought them for my daughter and she wears them all the time. They go with every color! Thank you! <end>  Very pretty earrings.  I am very pleased with this pair of earrings I purchased. The colors are very pretty and I think they are a good purchase for the money, I am going to look into other colors. <end>  Very pretty...good value. Goes with lots of things.  Got as a mother's day gift. These earrings are good quality, very pretty & versatile. Since they are multicolor, they go with alot of things. <end>  colorful  recd earrings very quickly..love the multi color..can wear with many outfits,,,would do business with Gem again..earrings well worth the price...thanks <end>  Beautiful  I very much like these earings. I got them for my sister and she loves them as well. They get noticed a lot because they are just the perfect size and they are so unique and unusual. <end>  A Great Gift for Me  When I spotted these earrings on the Amazon site, I had to buy them for me. I received these earrings very quickly from the seller. When they arrived, I fell in love with the beautiful colors. They are also very light in weight and a joy to wear. <end>  Eye Candy  These Multicolor Cluster Swarovski Earrings, together with a matching Swarovski necklace were purchased as a gift. The quality and luster of this jewelry is just fabulous. The multiple colored crystals will compliment most all clothing hues and styles. I am very pleased with the items and the excellent service provided. Highly recommended! <end>  One of my favorite pairs of earrings!  Since receiving these earrings they havebecome one of my favorites. They are so lovelyin shape and color, everyone admires them.I recommend them to you all. <end>  Very pretty but I find them difficult to put on  I bought these as they can be worn with lot's of different colors and because I like drop earrings. I really like the quality of them and have gotten lots of compliments about them (I also bought the necklace that matches them). The only thing that keeps me from wearing them more than once or twice a month is the difficulty I have with getting them into my ears. I've never owned a pair of earrings that close the way these do previously. If you open the "catch" the angle to get the post into my ear is just awkward and takes me several minutes of fiddling with the position and pulling my earlobe every which way before I finally get the post all the way through. It's a bit annoying and while it's certainly a more secure way of attaching the earring compared to say a fishhook style, I find that I really dislike it. This is why I give them 3 stars versus a higher rating. <end>  Beautiful  Beautiful is the word that accurately describes these.The stones are fun and pretty and the silver is flawlessly shiny. <end>  pretty but small  pretty but small these were very hard to get on and or off maybe a teenager would be able to wear these i couldn't <end>  very nice  The earrings are very nice for the price. The colors are so pretty a good size. I would recommend them. <end>  SOOO Cute!!  These are unique, also have matching necklace. They dangle at a great length and sparkle when the light hits them. People will compliment when you wear them. Can be dressed up or look great with jeans and a Tee- shirt. Nice addition to my jewelry collection.   ) <end>  More than I expected  These earrings have all my favorite colors. They are different, have lever backs and you can sleep in them. Couldn't ask for more they'll match just about anything you wear. Get the multi stone colors I kept leaning towards just the purple and blue. Glad I changed my mind. Great purchase. <end>  Too small  It's way smaller than I expected. Beautiful color though. Taller ladies should be aware of the size of this pair of earrings. <end>  Gorgeous  These earrings are beautiful...the crystals just sparkle. They look more expensive than they are. Bought them with the bracelet for my sister and just love them. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  Just love them! I got it for a little girl as a gift, but I am now keeping them because it is just the size I like for me and the different color gems look beautiful. <end>  Lovely Earrings  These earrings are lovely to look at. They add a splash of spring colors to whatever outfit you wear, from jeans to evening wear they are perfect. I've bought 2 pairs as gifts and finally bought a pair for myself. I couldn't be more please. I get lots of compliments on them and all the ladies at work would like to have a pair. <end>  WONDERFUL GIFT  MY HUSBAND BOUGHT THESE AS A GIFT FOR MY BIRTHDAY. EVERYTIME I WEAR THEM, I GET COMPLIMENTS. I LOVE THEM. THEY LOOK EVEN BETTER WITH THE MATCHING BRACELET <end>  Grandpa  I ordered for my Grand daughters Xmas present and she loves them...Mission accomplished !!!! <end>  Lovely!  I love Swarovski jewelry!!! Gem Avenue has some really great ones and their prices are very reasonable! These earrings are really lovely and will look great on my baby!  ) <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These crystals are clear with their great pastels colors. They go well with any crystal accessories. I wear them frequently. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are so lovely and delicate. I love them because they match with so many different colored oufits. You can tell they are a good quality product also. Great value. <end>  Multicolor Crystal Earrings  Love the earrings!! They were better than expected. I've worn them on several occasions and received many compliments. They go with everything and are a definite eye catcher. I would highly recommend this item. <end>  Nice  The necklace is lovely  -) I also got the matching earrings.It's not heavy @ all very lite. All are so shiny... I'm glad I got the set..I'm very happy & pleased. <end>  Wonderful  I love these earings. I wore a cranberry top, and it really brought out the color. They just sparkled. <end>  Beautiful, fun earrings! Very nice craftmanship.  The earrings are really beautiful - lots of reflection - great for casual as well as a party. Craftmanship is excellent. <end>  nice  I really like these earrings and so far they haven't fallen apart like other earrings I've bought from Amazon. My best friend thinks I paid too much for them and she doesn't believe they are actual Swarovski crystals. I wouldn't be able to tell the difference, so I am not sure. All I know is they are beautiful. <end>  colorful  bought it as a gift for my girlfriend and she loved the colorful stones.Great product <end>  Lovely!  I bought the bracelet and then decided to buy the earrings and have not been disappointed. Simply a must if you decide to buy the bracelet. <end>  Very good and satisfactory  I bought this as a gift for my sister. She opened it and liked it.Shipping and delivery was all very smooth <end>  Amazing Earrings  I received these fantastic earrings and immediately fell in love with them.They go with so many of my outfits,and I have received compliments every single time I wear them.They make me feel *with it* and *jazzy.* <end>  super cute =]  Awww they are adorable...cute, I totally love this product!!great quality, more than expected!! I got them in 4 days andthey are stunning!...just can't wait to wear them. <end>  Sparkly earrings  It is very sparkly and has beautiful colors. Good craftsmanship. Shipping from this seller is very fast. I will definitely buy from them again. <end>  Great earrings!  They are very nice earrings and even better than the picture. Very vivid colous and you can wear them with almost everything! Great purchase at a great price! <end>  Cheap looking  The picture is misleading. The earrings look cheap mainly because the design is simply a rod with 3 crystals each on either side. The earrings are also smaller than the size claimed in the description - they are definitely not 1.5 inches. Most importantly, you will not want to give these as a gift because they look so cheap. Even the discounted price is too much. <end>  nothing special  in the picture they are very impresive but in reallity nothing to talk about but i live overseas so i cannot return anything so i will be left with themruthi <end>
 B00076VRSQ  SCBR007 Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very pretty  Purchased for my 14-year old & she loves it. Nice and dainty. I would also wear it out as a nice piece. <end>  very cute.  well worth the purchase. please with looks and quality. The beads are a bit rough on the skin so if you have sensitive skin this may not be the purchase for you. <end>  it is much more beautiful in the picture  it is much more beautiful in the picture, so don't buy it and just enjoy it on the webpage. Just some cheap products, it is apparently over priced. <end>  Very nice bracelet  This bracelet is much prettier than the picture. It can be worn casual or dressy. It is comfortable to wear. <end>  Not happy with this purchase  This bracelet looked so delicate and elegant on the website, but when it arrived it looked tacky, tacky, tacky. I haven't worn the bracelet yet, and when I took it out to wear it a few days ago, it had already tarnished! Unfortunately, I'm already past the window of time in which I can get a full refund. I'm not pleased with the quality or look of this bracelet. Very disappointed. <end>  Sterling silver bracelet  Very unique- vivid colors- quality crafted- ,I bought this bracelet as a hug for myself- I am a caretaker & finding myself stressed- I happened to see this bracelet while browsing "jewelry"- --A great mood fixer-Delivery, packaging very satisfactory-Will recommend & buy from this seller again- <end>  Beautiful  Just loved this braclet, from another review I saw it ran large which was great for me and it did.Love the colors for the summer, goes with everything and I get so many compliments on it. <end>  Simpley grand  Even better than I hoped. The crystals sparkle with vibrant color. My wife loves it. I wish it had a matching necklace and earrings. <end>  THIS IS A GREAT BRACELET  REVIEWS ARE VERY USEFUIL .SO HERE IS MINE!! WHAT A PRETTY SHINNY,VERY SHINNY BRACELET! i WEAR IT TO BED IN THE SHOWER AND HAD IT FOR A MONTH NOW IT IS STILL SHINNY AND ON MY ARM. MAYBE i SHOULDN'T WEAR IT IN SHOWER I JUST LIKE TO SEE HOW STRONG IT IS. MAKES A GREAT GIFT, I BOUGHT IT MYSELF ,BUT LOOKED AT ALL THE REVIEWS AND THIS WAS THE ONE. <end>  not very good  the item was not worth $3.99 on wraping. also it was not really in good shape. i had to fix some parts of the item before I gave it for gift. Also since the wraping was horrible, I had to unwrapped the item and wrap it myself. <end>  Beauteous Bracelet  Bought these bracelets for my Niece and my Sister-in-law. Absolutely beautiful. Better than expected. Stones show well and are a good size and the bracelet is made to look like a bangle with a toggle clasp. Well worth more than 29.99. <end>  So Delighted with the bracelet, I bought 2 more!  At first I wasn't sure how nice the product would be once I actually received it...You know how they always take the pictures of the products at the best angles, or better ligthing to make it sparkle, but I was extremely delighted once I received the prduct becase it was even more beautiful than the pictures. In fact I decided to purchase 2 more and cross 2 more people off of my Christmas list. You can't beat the price point on this product, it's worth every cent for what you get, in fact, I'm amazed that the price is so low for what you actually get. <end>  cheap looking  This jewellry looks like something that a gum-ball machine would dispense. A five year old might be impressed, everyone else is left thinking"this doesn't look anything like the picture" and wondering just how mis-leading your advertisments are allowed to be. The clasp is small and flimsy, and the roping texture of the band evident in the picture is non-existant. <end>  How can I telll it is Swarovski Crystal?  I don't know why they call it Swarovski Crystal. There is no brand on the bracelet. The so called silver is unpleasantly coarse and rough to the touch. I don't' like it at all. <end>  Beautiful bracelet!  I love Swarovski crystal jewelry and when I saw this bracelet, I had to have it! It's even prettier in person!! The crystals are beautiful and shimmer, just as Swarovski crystals should do. The design of this bracelet is awesome.It's very well made, no worries with it breaking, high quality sterling silver, too. It's so comfortable on my wrist. If you want a stunning piece of AFFORDABLE jewelry that will make people stop and look, then get this piece! <end>  Very pleased  Just got this, and I couldn't be happier with it. I don't quite lick the finish of the silver... it is polished and all or whatever... but it doesn't have the sheen and perfection a ring from a good jeweler would. But come on... this thing is $30. The crystals look beautiful. I had been looking at a $150 "Swarovski" crystal necklace in a local store... and upon close inspection there were air bubbles in all the crystals... and was thinking what is the deal.The crystals are beautiful... colorful, and flawless so far as I can tell. And they are cut in a way such that they do not pretend to be precious gems. I would like to think I have a good sense of taste and class, and this bracelet does not attempt to be something it is not. <end>  Wow, Gorgeous Bracelet  I received this for my birthday and it is absolutely gorgeous. The pastel colors on this bracelet are wonderful for spring (or any time you need sparkling colors on your wrist)! The crystals are very shiny. Definitely worth the price! <end>  beautiful beads but length for BIG wrists  I'll need to change the clasps on these to a lobster claw; the size on these is huge because the kind of clasps used gives the bracelet (must be) an extra 1/2" or so. So, it will not hang JUST loosely on my wrist; it slides all the way to the middle of my palm. And my hands are not small; I have average-size hands. I was very close to returning the item until I thought of the lobster claw modification, which is a great idea because it'd be a shame to have to return a sparkly bracelet that looks so nice. <end>  Very Nice!  Bought this as a gift for a friend and, along with the earrings, are impressive. Colors and reflections are brilliant and set off the pieces. <end>  Big Hit  Bracelet is more stunning than I thought it would be. Chose it for my daughter and two cousins, and they all were wearing it the next few days. Sparkling gems accentuate the sterling silver for casual, as well as dressy occasions...VERY WELL RECEIVED!! <end>  b-e-a-utiful!  As soon as I saw this, I new it would make a stunning gift. It was even nicer than the picture. I ended up ordering two more for gifts. When my friend opened her gift she was thrilled. I have had many requests from friends asking where I found it. I can't wait till Christmas and my family members open up the other two gifts. <end>  Great product!  My lovely fiancee told me about Swarovski jewelry and ever since, I can't get enough of them! Gem Avenue has some really great ones and their prices are very reasonable! <end>  Beautiful  One word accurately describes these.The stones are fun and pretty and the silver is flawlessly shiny. Easily worth the money <end>  Looks much more expensive  This bracelet was beautiful, the crystals just sparkle and the band is heavy sterling silver. It's prettier than the picture. <end>
 B000782WPG  Earspiral Earrings C361XSSS Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful, but small  I shouldn't have bought these without size listing--they're lovely, but much smaller than they appeared on the pic. <end>  Pros & Cons  They are very nice and I have gotten compliments. However, I like to be able to put them in and forget about them but they catch hair and are too bulky to sleep in w/out waking you because they're digging in. It also says you can add your own beads but the contour of the spiral won't allow an elegant small one. You'd have to add a very large bead that would just be too much for the dainty look of the earring. So far they don't irritate my sensitive ears and that's a big plus! Overall, they're pretty and interesting but a bit expensive. <end>  Fluid  The design and the fluid movement of this beautifully made earring really catches one's eye.Choose your desired metal and you're ready to go.I didn't give it 5 stars as they were a bit petite in size and weight.Thank You Mr. Mason. <end>  Super cute!  These earrings are super cute and lightweight. They are a mild challenge to put on for the first time, but once you get the hang of it, its not a problem any longer. On the plus side, there is no back to lose and no danger of losing the earrings while wearing them! I bought them as a gift and the recipient just loved them as well. Will definitely be buying more earrings like these. <end>
 B00078K212  Pugster Inspired 22K Golden Plated Reindeer Corlorful Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Animal Brooch Pin For Holiday Gifts ||	  Pugster items  I have bought 4 different Pugster pins (including this pin) and they look fabulous! I gave them as gifts and the recipients were very pleased. The pictures don't do them justice. <end>
 B00078MNR8  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Belly Navel Ring Green Blooming Flower Swarovski Crystal Birthstones Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  Well-made, exactly like the picture  I have owned a LOT of belly button rings over the years. Normally, the dangly ones break off after a week or so of wearing. This one is still going strong, even after a month! It's also very shiny and sparkly, which is important as I use it mainly when I belly dance. It even came in a cute little box, and shipping was very quick. The colors of the jewels are true to the picture, as well. <end>
 B00078MNRI  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Gold Round Shaped April White Swarovski Crystal Birthstone Body Jewelry Rhinestone Dangle Belly Navel Ring ||	  Pretty good  I'll preface this by saying that my tastes run toward higher-end jewelry. I bought this as an inexpensive surprise gift for my wife, as she likes things like this. She loves it! She's received numerous compliments on it, and wears it often. It does look better in real life than it does in the picture, as it does a good job reflecting the light. It arrived promptly, and was enclosed in a small but secure package. <end>
 B00079UHIE  Sterling Silver Teardrop Multicolor Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  CLASP SUCKS  THE BRACELET IS SO BEAUTIFUL BUT THE CLASP IS FLIMSY IT KEPT FALLING OFF MY HAND AND NOW THE @#%*?!! THING IS GONE I AM SO UPSET. <end>
 B0007A3T7O  Playboy Rabbit Head Blue-White Logo Inlay Ball Closure Ring Bcr ||	  Being Cute Ain't Easy  I'm letting everyone know right now who desires to have their navel pierced; don't let anybody lie to your face and tell you it doesn't hurt because it hurts like hell. I tried to find the most non-girly ring because I have a plain silver hoop in mine.My mom, dad and my cuz'n went with me on last Saturday at Body Revolution. They were in the room with me and the guy had me lie down, but I closed my eyes. All I know was my mom went "OH MY GOD" and my nerves went haywire. I felt that needle pain go through my whole upper body. Then I open my eyes and the hoop was in.Now, it hurts extremely when you first get it pierced but after all that action, it just stays sore for a little while. You must sleep on your back, but that did me no good because me swiping me stomach with my hand woke me up twice during the night.Once it stops being so sore, you forget about it after a while and you bump into things, ouch! But I highly recommend that you relax when you're getting it pierced. <end>
 B0007A3TCE  Fuchsia Barbell Tongue Ring MADE WITH SWAROVSKI ELEMENTS ||	  been wearing it for a year or more  great barbell. its held up through the test of time. still looks like the day i got it. the thing i really like about this gemmed barbell is that the gem is not too jagged. often times you get a barbell with a gem in it and they want it to be cut to look a lot like a gem and if youre putting this in your TONGUE you really dont want a jagged barbell.this barbell however is not jagged and didnt cut the roof of my mouth like others in the past that i have had. its withheld its quality over time and Its a great purchase. <end>
 B0007CIWOW  X - Reversible Heart Mosaic Tuquoise Bracelet ||	  Nice bracelet,but!  Received this bracelet today and am pleased with the purchase for the price! Only thing is that the turquoise did not have the lustre that my other turquoise jewelry does. BUT, for the price,can't really complain. I'm keeping it! <end>
 B0007D32EQ  Musical Movements - Plays "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" (Set of 2) ||	  Soothing without the large stuffed animal!  So easy to throw in the diaper bag and take along! Works great, and was shocked to find two in the box! <end>
 B0007D6E2S  14k White Gold Blue Topaz (7-1/7 ct. t.w.) & Diamond Accent Bracelet ||	  broke immediately  this bracelet is very pretty- but it broke after only a fews days of wearing it. too bad!!! <end>
 B0007DCM9C  Amazon.com  Shamrock Garland Necklace-set of 3  Clothing ||	  Tangles, tangles, tangles  If only one of these necklaces is worn, it makes for pretty and fun look. Warning  it will tangle on itself VERY easily so be careful when handling it. I wore one on a sweater and it stayed put probably because it stuck to the sweater. It's too bad they can't be worn together as displayed because this is the look I wanted. The shamrocks are plastic and are held together by a dark cord. Would I recommend these to friend? Nope! <end>
 B0007IMSPU  Sterling Silver Multi Color Crystal Earrings Bracelet with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Crystal Set  I love this beautiful set. Buy one for yourself. Be aware, tho' that the bracelet is short for a 7-1/2 in., which makes it very difficult to fasten without help. <end>
 B0007IS2TQ  Sterling Silver 3mm Wedding Band Ring (Size 4 to 14) ||	  Great ring  I bought this ring for my fiancee as a wedding band. It's beautiful and exactly what we both wanted. I had it engraved recently and it looks amazing. I can't wait to give it to my fiancee on October 15 when we get married. <end>  smooooth  ...well smooth enough for me...got it anytime on my hand .i love silver and the size so it s always with me...cool <end>  Beautiful ring, great price.  Size, shape, color all true to description, exactly what I expected. Simple, polished, and feminine. And, you can't beat the price. <end>  Excellent  Im unfortunately a small woman, my ring size is a 4 so its almost impossible to purchase rings without having them sized. I purchased this ring so that I would have something to wear while on vacation and doing things that could otherwise harm my expensive rings. I dont even need my expensive rings now. This ring fits and looks beautiful! <end>  Sterling Silver Wedding Band  This ring looks nice and shiny when you get it but after awhile it gets tarnished and it easily gets bent. It's nice for something temporary but I wouldn't recommend for long term. <end>  Decent ring for the price  I bought this ring for my ring finger actually and it's still too small, but it's the closest size I could find without having to go to an expensive jewelry store. I mainly use it when I go out without my boyfriend since I want guys who decide to hit on to leave me alone which has helped a bit for those who take notice. There's a few scratches on it from everyday wear but you can't expect too much from a ring that is inexpensive. It does the job it was intended for and looks nice since it doesn't have any gaudy jewels. Nice and simple without having to break your wallet. <end>  Exactly what the picture shows.  Good buy overall. The actual ring is pretty exact to what the picture shows. The finish is a little more flat, but not much. Comfortable and affordable - no complaints here! <end>  Beautiful sterling silver band at a very good price!  I ordered this band to be my wedding band until I can afford the 3mm 14K white gold with diamonds band that I really want. Considering its price, I didn't expect much, so I was very pleasantly surprised to discover a very shiny, nice weight, flawless band that goes perfectly with the 3 mm white gold band on my engagement ring; they look beautiful together. The shipping was very fast--a nice change from previous experience with Amazon orders. This was a perfect shopping experience and I would not hesitate to order from this vendor again. <end>  Thin stackable bands...bleach warning  I bought two of these rings to stack them around another ring. They were thinner than I expected but still quite nice. Nice shine to them until I put my hands into bleach water!!! WARNING...don't get sterling silver products near bleach!! The rings tarnished IMMEDIATELY...after I used some serious elbow grease to rub them with silver polish, I was able to get them to look somewhat normal again but the shine is GONE. Not the fault of the product or the seller, just a warning. <end>  Just what I wanted!  The ring I ordered is just what I wanted and arrived very promptly. Also, the cute little ring box in came in was a special treat. Thanks so much!!  ) <end>  great value  I purchased the rings to be used as "ring guards". The serviceand the price was exceptional. They were delivered within 3 daysand beautifully packaged. I will definitely shop this companyagain. Thanks again <end>  Good  I bought it along withSterling Silver Womens Band Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 10to stack as a fake wedding set. They look very good and are very comfortable. <end>  nice look, fit my tiny finger well, good quality  It is rare to find such a ring with size 4. The price is also amazing. I should have ordered more in case I lose it someday. Thanks also for the box. Everything looks perfect. <end>  Great!  I wanted a band to wear on vacation because I didn't want to take any "real" jewelry with me. I'm allergic to fake metals, so it had to be silver. This ring is just what I wanted at a bargain price. <end>  Beautiful Ring  Beautiful ring! AWESOME customer service!! Seller shipped EXTREMELY FAST!! The first ring I ordered was a bit too small so I had to exchange it for a size larger. Seller shipped replacement ring immediately. The rings run a little small, so you might want to order one size larger than you normally would. I normally wear a size 4, but I needed a 5. EXCELLENT! 5 stars! <end>  Sterling Silver 3mm plain wedding band  My husbands broke his org. wedding band at work and we had to order a new one because it is so hard to find his size in the store. however it has turned out to be wonderful. <end>  Not Long To Wait!  This delivery was so fast, and secure. There was no damage to my jewelery. This ring was just what I was looking for. It is a great compliment to my silver ring collection. If you need a thin-sized ring to wear along with any color ring, it's great. <end>  verry nice!!  loved the cute lil package,it's bigger than normal size 8 but fits and look great after adjusted. <end>  Wedding Band  I love the ring, I love the thinness of the ring it fits perfectly, It came in a small ring box. I wasn't expecting it to come in a ring box, but I loved it. I can honestly say if I ever needed a wedding band again, I would get it from this seller again.The ring was everything that I expected and it came in the condition that they said it would, they even had my ring size which is hard to find in stores because I have long skinny fingers. <end>  What you see is what you get  Very nice ring arrived in timely fashion. There's no catch here -- you can trust the advertised product. I only wish the swelling in my hands from pregnancy didn't get out of control... I had bought it as a temporary replacement for my wedding band because the real thing doesn't fit anymore. This one fit well for about 2 weeks, but the swelling has even gotten worse... and it makes me really happy that I didn't pay an outrageous price to wear it for such a short time! <end>  A gorgeous ring from a great seller of sterling silverl!  I love my ring. And it came in so quickly, beautifully wrapped in a tiny gold heart-shaped box with a tiny pink gift bow!It looks flawless and very classy for such the price. I couldn't have found a better deal locally if I had went to a pawn shop and bought used or if I bought on e-bay. This is really a nice idea for a gift for someone special. I promise you won't go wrong and if you double-think it, you will regret not getting the ring.It's real silver, as imprinted inside the ring and it's very shiny and not dull. I am in love with the simplistic design. I thought the photo was just ok. But that it would do. I got in the mail and I was beyond impressed.I am seriously considering using this company to get my husband a sterling silver (nugget) men's ring. He has wanted one for a number of years and I saw they offer some great deals on one.If you are looking for simple ring for your finger, you cannot go wrong with this one. It's not thin and the band looks perfect for a wedding band, a thumb ring or "right-hand" ring. Whatever finger you like it for! <end>  every day wear  love it, i wear it all the time with another sterling silver cz. Looks like platnium. <end>  Inexpensive, good quality, fast delivery  I think the title of this review says it all. These rings are at a great price and are good quality. My hubby ordered two, and they were delivered in individual gift boxes, but packaged in one box to save on shipping cost. Delivery was fast, and the rings look great! I got one a half-size bigger than the other, and stack them on one finger. Looks great single or stacked -- super comfortable either way.I also appreciate that this ring is available in smaller sizes. It's one of the very few rings I've been able to find online that accommodate teeny fingers.I'm a happy camper. <end>  Purchased two silver bands  I was very happy with the two rings and the speed at which they arrived. I bought a size 6 and a size 13. Unfortunantly, I cannot use the 13 because it was sized to the wrong finger. ( My husband needed a different size. <end>  Fake it!  This product was not true to its words. It was not sterling sliver, it was not stamped 925 like it should be. Turned my finger green!!!!!! <end>  Not sterling silver  Lovely ring, but it was not sterling silver. Noticed a lack of stamp .925 on the inside when I first got it. Then after wearing a couple hours it turned my finger green. This is not sterling silver! <end>  Wonderful little ring  It is a short height ring, just what I needed, domed outside though the picture doesn't show it well. Plenty thick enough to withstand daily wear. I wasn't sure if this was going to be a flimsy little thin thing, it is NOT. Great for the price. <end>  What I Wanted  I bought this ring for a wedding band for when I'm out doing active things (hiking,swimming,exercising). My original wedding ring would probably get caught on things. It's a lovely ring, it has a great polish finish and just shines beautifully. The only thing is I'm a size 4 and the 3 mm is a bit big for my finger, but it's a great price. <end>  Perfect thickness and very light  It was light in weight, but it was thick enough to look expensive. Love it! If I lose it, I will definitely purchase this again. Recommended!!! <end>  Great Deal  great price, great ring!loved the little gift box too.exactly what i wanted at a fair price. <end>  very pretty ring  this ring is very pretty and goes beautifully with the engagement ring I purchased.. Looks like white gold. I am more than satisfied. <end>  Sterling Silver ~ nice band and very reasonably priced...  The ring is exactly as described.I misplaced my white gold weddng band when I had to go for an MRI ~ anyway, I ordered this until I find it.Keep in mind this is &#34;sterling silver&#34; and next to m white gold engagement ring it is bighter.I am still happy with this ring and for the price it works for me.... <end>  Nice ring  Great ring for the $. I bought the same size copper ring and it turned my wife's finger green. This was sterling, <end>  good deal  good service, good price looks like white gold. lost my wedding band this is a temp may just use this. <end>  No no no...  seems of very good quality, but the finish is poor, it seems an expensive ring but up close you notice scratches and cracks. I do not recommend <end>  Great price!  I was a little hesitant to order this because of the low price but I was pleasantly surprised. It came earlier than predicted and just in time for my boyfriends birthday. The ring seems a little light but is stamped with .925 so I think it is sterling silver. It has a nice, shiny surface and the sizing looks accurate - I just have to wait and see if it fits my boyfriend. The cute box that came with it was a plus. Definitely a good deal! <end>  Great ring for a low price.  I like the ring. It is just as advertised by the seller. It arrived on time and fit perfectly. The ring is of good quality and sturdy, not malleable like other cheap rings I've come across. I was overall satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Lovely ring...too bad it's too big.  (  Ring size is either bigger than typical or they sent the wrong one (?). Seems to be a half size off. Return is at your expense, and if exchanging there is an exchange fee of $3.99 - It's not worth the difficulty and expense of returning this item...I'll have to see if anyone I know needs/wants a ring. At least it was priced right...so in the end my ring will cost me double since I need to just re-buy it in the next size down.I'd seen some reviews say this, and others say the size was right on. I guess it's a roll of the dice. In my case...I lose.Bummer. Now hopefully the size 6 isn't really a 6!! While the 7 is a 7.5, Ugh. Guess we'll just have to wait and see.Also, it took them days to actually ship the first ring (get it out the door). The second one seems to have already shipped out, so there's a slight improvement this time.I gave it a 3 because it is actually a really good value and quite beautiful. Otherwise I wouldn't be buying another one.Hope you have better luck than me! <end>  Great ring!  I have been a long time customer with Gem-ave. This ring is a sturdy ring, I bought it as a thumb-ring. It is comfortable and is a solid piece of sterling silver. The shipping was super fast and the product arrived boxed safe and securely. Gem-ave is the best store for sterling silver and has the best prices. <end>  perfect for the price  The ring is of high quality. It is shined to perfection! the size is dead on. I'd recommend it to anyone! <end>  great product-quick service  The rings arrived in cute boxes in record time!! Just want I needed--use them as ring guards for a three stone 18k white gold ring. Great quality and nice shine. Would certainly order from this supplier again. <end>  Thumb ring.  I have a thing for rings. Especially simple silver rings. I have been looking for a ring for my right thumb for a while now. Didn't think I would ever find one big enough, but now I have. It is a beautiful silver band that fits and looks great. Couldn't be happier. <end>  Great buy  Ring is perfect for what I was looking for. A great find at a great price. I do, however, feel the sizing is somewhat off. <end>  Thin ring  3 mm is much thinner than 5mm. I also bought a 5mm ring and am much happier with it. There is nothing wrong with this ring, I just like the way the thicker ring looks on my hand. <end>  perfect silver band  This is the perfect silver band at a reasonable price. It shipped very quickly and came in a lovely little gift box.It is working nicely as a substitute wedding band, simple as it may be, during my "puffy" pregnancy months. And I'll be able to wear it as a thumb ring when my hands return to normal. I'm very happy with this purchase. <end>  Nice Ring  This is a lovely ring. For the money and value, it can not be beat. <end>  Perfect!  I love this ring-I have been looking for a thin silver band and this one is just beautiful! Shipping was very fast! <end>  Great for the price  Can't find a better ring for the price. Not a perfect quality (seam is visible slightly), but a great solid ring. <end>  Good Brand  The ring is perfect, perfect quality, shine and size. The ship was fast and on-time. Good experience. <end>  One was great, one was terrible  Since my wedding bands temporarily aren't fitting due to pregnancy, I ordered two of these rings in two different sizes to cover my bases. The size 7 band was perfect and looked great as a substitute wedding band, but the the size 8 ring was obviously not the same quality. The first thing I noticed was that the bands though the same 3mm band, were not the same thickness, which wasn't a huge issue for me at the time. However, I was a little annoyed to find a seam where the size 8 band had obviously been sized and from there, I noticed that the band was flattened along the seam, giving it a squashed look to where it had been cut. I'd give the one band 5 stars and the second band 1 star, so I've decided to average them together to come up with the 3 star rating. Shipping was super fast and the presentation was cute as well, I'm just annoyed that one of the bands was obviously shipped out damaged. <end>  Good ring  Theres nothing too special about the ring but it is exactly as advertised. I have no complaints and got what I expected. <end>  Nice small inexpensive interim ring  A very nice ring order arrived on time. I like silver and didnt want to commmit to an expensive gold or platinum ring at the present time so this served its purpose well.. <end>  Perfect  Was exactly what I wanted. The fit was perfect and the quality was great. Glad that the reviews were correct made my purchase alot easier. <end>  Wonderful  looks great with my wedding ring. Makes it one of a kind! Lots of compliments. Makes my ring one of a kind <end>
 B0007KLB4C  Gecko - Solar Blue Gem Dangle Belly Button Ring ||	  unsatisfied  I bought this navel ring awhile ago with clear crystals I thought it was cute and I liked how it is movable. Unfortunately only a couple days after wearing it one jewel fell out, and shortly after that another one fell out too. So I stopped wearing it altogether. I also bought another belly ring from the same company and that one began to tarnish quickly, So I don't think I will be taking any more chances ordering from this company any more. <end>
 B0007L0KF2  Ring - R40 - Swarovski (tm) Crystal Stretch - Square Style - Size Med ~ Tanzanite ||	  disappointed  I loved this ring when I received it, however, after wearing it one time for a short period of time, the stones split and the top portion fell off. The ring now appears to be missing stones and has lost its sparkle. Needless to say I am very disappointed with the quality of my purchase. Looks nice, but you can't wear it!!! <end>
 B0007L43BE  Sterling Silver Aztec Pendant, 3/4 inch long ||	  Great gift for a child.  I made the mistake of purchasing this item without paying attention to the dimensions of the product. It is 3/4th's of an inch long but this includes the hook which connects the pendant. The pendant itself is less than half an inch long making for a puny pendant the size of a figaro chain. I had intended to wear it on a chain to represent my heritage, but it was too small to be noticed or considered manly so I gave it to my niece. It is a nice piece however, stamped on one side with the other being flat. The edges are sharp and the silver bright. A nice piece, I just wish it was larger and that the measurement only included the pendant not the hook. <end>
 B0007L43CS  Sterling Silver Chinese Character for Love Pendant, 1 inch long ||	  Well done Chinese 'Ai' love symbol  I've seen many chinese love symbols but done more in the caligraphic style so they are not as clear (since many can not read the caligraphic style). This symbol was the first well defined 'ai' I have found and it is the perfect size. I would recommend this as a great gift for anyone. <end>
 B0007L79BK  Sterling Silver Sea Opal Loose Glass Teardrop Earrings ||	  So-so  I am rather picky, but liked not only the look of these earrings on the webpage, but also the name. They were not what I was expecting when they arrived. They are okay, but not nearly what I thought they would be. They are not very sea opal-ish -- they look too glassy and transparent. The silver is also okay, but could be better. I would not recommend. <end>  Beautiful-Get lots of compliments!  I received these earrings as a gift, and I don't know what they are made of, but I get an awful lot of compliments on them. They seem to change color in response to what I am wearing. I would definitely order other Silver Insanity items. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  I sent these as a gift to my mom and all her friends want a pair now. <end>  The perfect gift  The earrings were a gift and were most warmly received! They were a real hit! <end>  Beautiful, look much better than the price!  I have two pairs of earrings from this company and they look amazing. I can't tell if they're plastic or glass but they really do look as beautiful as in the picture, and I always get compliments when I wear them. Sometimes people ask me what stone they are, they can't even tell it's synthetic!! No bubbles or anything like the bad review here says. <end>  I liked them  I was worried because I read the other review after the earrings were already purchased for me and on their way, but when I received them, I was very happy. Mine really are glass and not plastic and I think they look exactly like the picture. Every time I have worn them so far I have received a compliment on them. I am glad that I got them. <end>
 B0007L79C4  Simple Sterling Silver Long Classic Hair Stick or Pin ||	  Could be better ...  Ok, the stick doesn't come in a box. It is shipped in a plastic bag along with a little felt bag that is less than half the length of the stick itself. The felt bag is kinda useless. Lastly it need more than a bit of polishing. Granted these are minor sounding things but it is a bday gift for a friend and I was hoping it would present better than it actually does. It also has a noticeable curve to the stick which may or may not be normal (I don't know about jewelry related things, but you have been warned). <end>
 B0007LC780  10kt. White Gold, Amethyst & Diamond Fashion Ring (Size 7) ||	  Fabulous Value  We were so very pleased with not only the ring, which is beautiful and of great quality, but with the company itself. They worked with us to make sure that the ring was here in time for a very special day. I will buy from them again and again in the future. It doesn't get any better. <end>
 B0007LC85W  Created Pink Sapphire and Diamond Heart Pendant in 10K White Gold ||	  A beautiful pink sapphire pendant  I bought this for my fiance and she likes and wears it from time to time. its length is about 20mm, width is about 5mm,3 heart shape pink sapphire are in good condition, very nice pink color. I will buy something from this jewellers again later on. <end>
 B0007LVYGQ  Leala-Titanium Ring with Artistic Design Center ||	  Very pleased  Had to replace wedding band, lost after 37 years on my finger. Just received this ring within 48 hours of placing order and am completely satisfied...very attractive. <end>
 B0007LWIDY  Southwestern Tiny Chip Inlay Turquoise Heart Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver, #2517 ||	  So very cute and yes, SMALL  These are REALLY tiny, but very cute and well made. I've bought a number of products from this company and have been happy with the quality of them all. Just be prepared for the small size. They've made great gifts for the little girls in my family, and since I have pretty small ears, I enjoy them too. <end>  Just What I Needed  These are great and go well with all my dangling turquoise earrings. They are nice to have on a second set of piercings. <end>  Adorable on a 2 year old  These earrings are very tiny and perfect for a child. <end>
 B0007M5S6M  Orange County Chopper belly ring ||	  OCC belly ring  This belly ring has got the great Orange County Chopper logo and when you put it on does not seem to get caught your clothes like some do---meaning it has real smooth edges. I received this one pretty fast--great service! I recommend Pierce This 2 and I'll buy more belly rings from them... <end>
 B0007M68FC  Silver Gun belly button ring ||	  Belly button ring  My daughter ordered the ring because she thought the post was sterling turns out it's not. But love the little gun! <end>
 B0007MXZ44  Genuine Ruby Heart Studs Post Earrings in Sterling Silver - Gift Boxed ||	  I got what I paid for.  I paid $4.50 for the earrings and that is exactly what they are worth. I was looking for anything ruby shaped like a heart and I did not have much to choose from. I was hoping even though these were priced very low that they would be a little bit better quality but like I said, I got what I paid for so I guess it is okay. <end>
 B0007NI1PQ  SCER007 Sterling Silver Pink And Clear Crystal Cluster Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Pink & Clear Genuine Swarovski Crystal earrings  I gave these lovely earrings to my daughter this past Christmas, and she loved them. They sparkle beautifully in the light, and their color goes well with many of her clothing choices. I would purchase these earrings again.SCER007 Pink And Clear Genuine Genuine Swarovski Crystals Cluster Sterling Silver Leverback 1" Dangle Earrings <end>  Beautiful!  I bought these earrings for my Bridesmaids. They are lovely and will be perfect with their dresses! <end>  Beautiful and good quality earrings  I love the clear crystals and low profile of this earrings. Seller shipped the item very quickly. <end>  Great buy  The bracelet looks great, fits comfortably, and sparkles brightly . It is a quality piece. I get complements every time I wear it. The shipment was prompt. The only thing that I can't find is the 925 stamp. <end>  NEVER RECEIVED THESE  I ordered two pairs of earrings from Gem Avenue - this pink crystal pair and the similar lavender/blue crystal pair. I received the lavender/blue crystal pair, but NOT the pink pair, although I was charged on my package invoice for both. Very bad service on the part of Gem Avenue. I ended up contacting Amazon & getting a full refund directly from Amazon (which, as always, had GREAT customer service).  -)I definitely would not buy from Gem Avenue again. I requested the refund from Amazon rather than pursuing an earring replacement from Gem Avenue because after seeing the lavender/blue pair in person, I was SO not impressed! I didn't even want the pink ones afterward. Anyway, I do not recommend this brand. It's just a bunch of cheap junk that looks wayyyy better online than it does when you receive it. <end>  Beautiful Sparkle.  I bought this as a gift for myself after I lost one earring to my favorite pair of crystal earrings . I love the way the crystals sparkle, the earrings aren't heavy at all, and the safety catch will keep me from losing another earring. These earrings go beautifully with my favorite pink sweater. I'm thinking about getting the matching bracelet too. <end>  Great earrings  These earrings are gorgeous and look exactly as they are described and pictured! I would buy more of them. Also got the blue lavender ones. <end>  simply beautiful!!!!  I absolutely love Gem Avenue!!!! Every time I buy jewelry from them, I am always amazed at the quality of the pieces. I love these pink and clear Swarovski earrings very much!!! They are cheery and brighten up any outfit of mine. They sparkle immensely!!!! I am never disappointed with this company!!  ) <end>  Sparkly and Bright  These are such beautiful earrings. The crystals used to make the earrings are sparkly and bright. They were a gift for my mother, who adores dangly earrings. The clasp is well made and aligns up nicely, unlike other cheaper earrings. They have a solid feeling to them and seem like they will last as long as the wearer keeps them around. <end>  Love these earrings!  Ladies if you love pink, you'll love these earrings. Also, these earrings are the kind you don't have to worry about falling off, the clasp is easy to put on too. The clear stones shine a little like diamonds in the sunlight and that makes them look like you paid more for them than you did.I work at a high school, and I'm getting so many great comments on these earrings. <end>  grandma loves them  I bought these earrings for myself and love them. They're light weight and very pretty, my granddaughter is always trying to catch them. <end>  Lovely!  Just the right size of pink sparkle around your face. Got the pendant to match. Love them both. <end>  wonderful gift!!  I bought these for a woman I recently started dating. She had lost her favorite earings and asked that I check my car to see if they had fallen off there. I could not find them so instead I purchased the above item. Her favorite earings were pink savorski crystal. I gave them to her and she loved them! <end>  Love these!  These earrings are gorgeous! They sparkle in the light and the dangle so delicately. Such an affordable price for such beauty! <end>  Beautiful  Love these earrings - so much I ordered 3 different pair! Very pretty and versatile - casual or dressy! They are a must have!! <end>
 B0007NLE00  Pugster Sagittarius Zodiac Pendants Fashion Jewelry Necklaces ||	  Shiny  It's very pretty, the stones are bright, the metal is shiny. However the loop it's hung by is too near the tip, it doesn't hang as shown, but points straight upward. I was disappointed to discover this, it just doesn't look like a proper Sagittarius sign when pointing straight up (instead of at an angle). <end>
 B0007NLE28  Pugster Three Rings Pendant ||	  EH  the rings r really small and lucky like they were cheaply glues on. THe chain is also really small, my mom couldnt get it on without choking herself. Maybe the product is supposed to be like that, but i dont know, not buying any more of thse <end>
 B0007NLF1I  Pugster Gemini Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Wonderful result of a night of insomnia,  Had insomnia and decided to go to the Amazon and see what caught my eye. I had to look at this one it reminded me of a Gemini necklace I had before in high school.You can guess, ordering jewelry online is tricky but after all "Nothing ventured, nothing gained".Took no longer than I had hoped and was very happy with the condition on arrival very nice puffy jewel box case and a mount. Now I am reminded again of the piece that I mnentioned this is just the same almost albeit a little smaller. It is very elegant, delicate and hollow and has a very sparkly sheen to it I love it, it is even more beautiful than the product shown on the page and makes a good fashion statement without being too flamboyant.All in all, I recommend highly <end>
 B0007NLF2C  Pugster Aquarius Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Much prettier in person  This looks much nicer and shinier in person - I love it! I like to have charms that are representative of each Special person in my Life. This one has some shimmer in it that may not be evident in the photo, but I happen to LOVE shimmering ANYthing. <end>
 B0007NOJAC  Pugster Rainbow Music Gift Italian Charm ||	  beautifel  I bought this charm to represent my daughter in my bracelet. It was a beautiful addition. Fast shipping. I was very pleased. <end>
 B0007O8VGE  Sterling Silver Vintage Look Marcasite Frog Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Frog Ring  I was looking for awhile for a frog ring. I don't like big bulky jewelry. Saw online and immediately liked it. Was delivered quickly and when I received it I loved it.Its small and flat and does not get caught on anything and can wear 24-7. <end>  froggy ring  bought this to replace one I have been wearing for years which lost a few marcasites...got the first one after the death of my 16 year old daughter who was a major frog collecter...needless to say, lot's of sentimental value..never take it off. <end>  got it as a gift  the ring its self is nice.but the thing that confuses is me is why these rings are sized 10 or 9 or lower. i got the biggest size to be safe (9 i think), and the stupid ring looked like it could barley fit a 5 year old. its as if they expect you to have skeleton sized fingers.theres no way the ring was a size nine if so then a size fize according to this ring is the radius of a pencil <end>
 B0007O8VHS  8mm Mens Sterling Silver Celtic Eternity Knot Band Ring(Sizes 14,15) ||	  Quite wide  This is an attractive ring, but it is a little wide for those unaccustomed to wearing rings. When you wash your hands the water gets underneath and the ring becomes uncomfortable to wear; the same is true when your hands get sweaty. <end>  Nice Ring!  I ordered this ring for my husband. It's a very nice ring. The pic was exactly what it looked like and the quality is very good. It came quickly and in a nice velvet pouch. I would absolutely order from Silver Insanity again! <end>
 B0007OJOKG  Pugster Leo Zodiac Stainless Steel Necklaces Pendant For Father ||	  Perfect for male or female  Daughter purchased for her boyfriend. Rhinestone is only on one side so he wears the "non-bling" side facing outward giving it a masculine look. Description says it does not come with a chain...it does...but highly recommend a different chain (which we had ordered anyway based on the description). Highly recommend. Delivered within estimated timeframe. <end>
 B0007OU8JW  Simple Elegant Black Onyx Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Like the earrings  These earrings are smaller than they appear in the photo. The stones are about the size of the nail of an average person's pinky. The hooks fit comfortably in the earring holes and they were not heavy. They are elegantly shaped. I have bought several things from Silver Insanity and have not been disappointed with any of the items. <end>  Onyx earrings  They are OK , they appeared larger in the add ,was not happy with the size ,too small for a adult <end>  Perfect everyday earrings  I'm always looking for the perfect earrings for everyday wear. Special occasion jewelry is easy to find, but everyday earrings need to be nice but not too fancy. These earrings are the ones that seem to fill the bill for me and of all my earrings, I find myself choosing these more often than any of my others. They are well made and exactly the right size for me, with just a bit of dangle but not too much. My only complaint is that they have hook backings; I frequently lose hook-back earrings because they work loose and fall out without my knowing it. However, I've solved that problem by sliding little clear rubber stoppers (available elsewhere on Amazon)on the wire hooks behind my earlobes. <end>  Don't bother  These earrings look actually better in the pic than on your ears. The onyx is nice but they are rather flimsy because they are so light weight. I found much nicer Earrings made of onyx in JC Penney and the cost- well it was also betterI would not recommend this item. They are not worth the money. <end>
 B0007OV4PE  Sublime Beach Ball Labret ||	  More than worth the price  I got the usual excellent quality and service when I bought this piece directly from Body Candy. Their prices are unbeatable, and in my experience, the quality is exactly the same as pieces you could pay much more for in a piercing shop (often, literally the exact same pieces of jewelry).I think the photography on this piece is a little odd. A labret, no matter where you wear it, won't primarily be seen from the side, and it's hard to tell what the colors of the ball will look like when shown at this angle, one on top of the other. To make it a little clearer, what you'd see looking down at the ball from the top would be a pinwheel of two different greens  one very translucent, and one a sort of milky opaque, but both with a neon green base hue.I wear my Body Candy labrets in a tragus piercing, and I think they're excellent for the task. The bar is a few mm longer than I'd prefer, but that's really only an issue when wearing earbuds or earplugs. Because of the rock-bottom prices, I've been able to amass a collection of jewelry I never would have been able to afford at piercing shop prices--highly recommended. <end>
 B0007P6EZI  Crystal Gem January Birthstone Daisy Italian Charm ||	  Needs stronger glue  I bought this as a replacement charm thinking the smaller stones would be harder to lose. I was wrong. I am very careful to keep the bracelet out of water, and only wear it to work and on the weekend. I've managed to lose four of the six red gems, essentially ruining the charm. <end>
 B0007P6F20  Crystal Gem September Birthstone Daisy Italian Charm ||	  good price and durable  A good addition to my Mom's grandkid charms. This one has held up nicely. <end>
 B0007P9OOG  Electric Purple Titanium Ball Belly Button Ring ||	  Belly ring.  Really pretty, small. One stone was already falling out when I got it. I might wear it anyways. <end>
 B0007P9OSW  8 Gauge Industrial Punched Turquoise Titanium Bcr ||	  Careful  Lovely color and very high quality. Not for the newly pierced nipple though. If you are still healing and any nipple fluids are still being issued, DO NOT use this ring. The holes in the ring will capture the dried fluids. Once this happens, trying to clean or remove the ring is most unenjoyable. Simply put, it hurts like hell. Once you are healed though, this is a beautiful ring that looks nice on the beach. <end>
 B0007P9OTG  Dangling Turquoise Belly Button Ring ||	  My thoughts  This is a cute belly ring, but the fake blue diamonds fall off of the heart on the bottom very easily. <end>
 B0007PASU0  Solid Titanium Dream Blue/Purple Barbell 5/16-4mm ||	  oops  The product arrived quickly and was as described, very satisfactory service and product. Unfortunately, I should look at the size and actually check the measurements so the product is appropriate for what I need it for...completely my fault! lulz <end>
 B0007PAT8Q  Solid Titanium Double Gem Cobalt Blue Curved Barbell 7/16-6mm ||	  Love it!  Love love love it! Its super cute!!! I just wish i could take off the bottom ball maybe i just have to try harder  ) <end>
 B0007PNEWY  14kt White Gold With Cubic Zirconia Cluster Earrings ||	  Looks nice but...  The earrings look nice, but my set came without 1 backing. I tried e-mailing them but no response. So I had to go to Walmart to buy new backings.This experience tells me I need to shop for jewelry in person instead of on the internet. <end>  Absolutely stunning!  I was a bit nervous as I prepared to open the box. I was very much afraid they'd look fake. But when I first saw them, I was floored. These sparkling beauties look like E-VVS1/VVS2 diamonds! They look 1000x better than the genuine diamond cluster earrings that cost thousands. <end>
 B0007POO5A  Baltimore Ravens belly button ring ||	  Not what I ordered  When I ordered this belly button ring, I was expecting the silver one in the picture, however when it came in the mail, it was the gold one, which was a bit different. I decided it wouldn't be worth the time and hassle to send it back and try to get the correct one, so I decided to live with it. Also, the length of the bar is smaller then the one I currently have been wearing, so it was a bit uncomfortable. I don't know how this can be fixed though, considering that you can't change the length of a piercing. I've decided to only wear it during the season because I'm afraid if I wear it more, the smaller length may encourage my piercing to migrate. <end>
 B0007PQO4E  Frogs Green Frog Charm and Crystal Stretch Bracelet ||	  Perfect for my grand-daughter.  This was my three year old grand-daughter's favorite birthday present. Great forms and colors, sturdily put together. <end>
 B0007PRAHE  Dark Blue GLITTER Belly Button Ring ||	  Dosen't show much glitter  The ring itself is a very nice blue. However, you can't see the glitter as well as you can in the picture. I was a little disapointed when I received it. I am going to keep it, just because it is a nice looking blue. <end>
 B0007PRAHO  ALIEN GREEN Belly Button Ring ||	  Body Candy Does It Again  I had had enough of the popular Body Candy Cross Dangle ring, which was always getting caught in whatever I was wearing across the midriff. Or even if you were walking around bare-midriff, the tips of the cross (where the hands of the crucified god might be if there was a body nailed to the cross) kept getting caught in the car door, on brambles, going past a picket fence, it would fly towards the left or right and slow me down. I wanted to get something that would set me off from the crowd and yet not be so Madonna-oriented as the cross dangle piece I had worn so long. (I had the old-world solar blue ring.) I toyed with the notion of buying one of the beer mug danglers, but it just might call attention to my incipient beer belly, why tell people all about it when they can see it with their eyes open!The "Alien Green" ring is just what the doctor ordered. On the beach or at the gym, first thing people ask me is, what is that on your navel? It has a lurid, luminous green like kryptonite, two eyes perfectly symmetrical and round, and it stares at you like aliens are watching you. I shaved my "treasure trail" so it looks as though the aliens landed on a perfectly smooth runway. Just apply a little talcum powder and you're "it" for the duration. Best thing, with the round construction of the balls, they don't catch on anything. Hey, maybe mother nature had the same idea when she dreamed up the whole testicle idea (make 'em round).Sure, some people stare and some people preach at you but my philosophy is, if you have to do it, might as well do it with Body Candy. I'd do TV commercials for this firm if I had to, that's how good they are. As for the haters, well, they can move on, there's no room for hate on my navel. <end>
 B0007Q2Z3W  Sterling Silver Satin Finish and Gold Overlay Bracelet ||	  nice bracelet  i purchased this bracelet because i liked the two tone colors and thought it would look nice with some of my clothes for work. i like the bracelet alot and it has alot of shine and is very pretty but i find that the clasp isnt as sturdy as it should be and it falls off easily. Other than that i really like it. <end>
 B0007Q2Z6O  Sterling Silver Plain and Simple Cross Pendant Necklace - 22" ||	  beautiful  i bought 2 of these crosses for my grandchildren and they love them. would recommend as a nice, substandual, piece of jewelry. <end>  love this cross  I got this cross yesterday and I love it. It's dainty and lightweight, and the chain is the perfect length to layer with other necklaces. I absolutely love it. <end>  Close to what I expected  The cross and necklace is more fragile than expected, but for the money it is a good value. My daughter was pleased with the gift. <end>
 B0007QR92E  Silver Tone Oval Rolo Chain Poodle Dog Toggle Bracelet ||	  Calling all dog lovers!!  This bracelet is as the French would say Le' Magnific. lol. It has a real nice silver finish look. *Note it is not sterling silver* It has a very cute French poodle dangling from it with a toggle clasp that looks so sophisticated. The poodle is wearing a doggy sweater that is accented by pink crystals. One caveat this poodle bracelet is for adults and wouldn't fit small children. The picture doesn't do it any justice because it is really pretty on your wrist. <end>
 B0007QR942  Wide Butterfly Faux Marcasite Look Magnetic Bracelet of Linked Butterflies ||	  Looks better than the picture!  I could not believe how beautiful it is,considering its price...doesn't look cheap,easy to wear ,shines like it's covered in marcasites and ,best of all,since it has NO marcasites you won't have to worry about them coming off .Definitely worth buying,you'll love it! <end>  Beautiful!  I purchased this beautiful Butterfly Marcasite bracelet for my best friend and she asbolutely love it. Once I saw it I said I need to get one as well. It's beautiful and it goes well with any outfit. This is my next purchase for myself.Thanks AmazonAnnie Gonzalez <end>
 B0007R8T36  3mm Sterling Silver 24" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Quick Silver  I'm very happy with this necklace. Quick service, reasonable prices, and beautiful bright silver. I would order again from this person. <end>  Good quality  Good quality silver, nice looking and the clasp is easy to use. Also, the clasp doesn't pinch. I bought another couple of chains from this company. <end>  Caution!!!!  I got this for my husband so he could wear his dog tags on something nicer then the standard military issued necklace. Anyway, he wore it 2 weeks before the whole chain turned BLACK. It did not remain silver, and was not cheap for something that only lasted 2 weeks!!! Caution when buying. <end>  ummmm  yea the chain is cool or whatever but why did they send it to me with no link connecting the clasp to the chain...instead i received it with the seperate clasp clipped to the two ends of the chain...i guess ill go spend another 10-15 dollars getting a jeweler to put a ring on to connect the clasp to the actual chain...nice(sarcasm intended). <end>  Cheap clasps  Purchased two ball chains in different sizes and the clasp broke on both within a week. <end>
 B0007RMJ3M  14k White Gold Classic Solitaire Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Pretty  As a former jeweler's assistant, I fell in love with pretty from day one. I love my ring. It is not perfect, but, as any jeweler will tell you, there's no such thing as perfect when it comes to the real thing. (By the way, one can say that about people, too!) <end>
 B0007RMJJ6  14k Yellow Gold Classic Solitaire Engagement Ring Setting ||	  14k Yellow Gold Classic Solitaire Engagement Ring Setting  I will have to admit, at first i thought it would not be all that nice because of the price. But i have to tell you that after i recieved the ring through the mail i wass very supprised and very pleased. I will definatly pass information on to all my friends and let them know how easy it was to find exactly what i was looking for from Amazon. <end>
 B0007RN102  18k White Gold Semi-Bezel Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Wonderful setting ... better than the pictures show!  Unfortunately, Amazon only shows one or picture of the actual ring setting. It is from an angle that doesn't really show it off that well. However, the ring is very cleanly made and gorgeous. I bought the thick one that fits up to a 1ct stone. I would recommend to anyone <end>
 B0007RTWK0  Crystalline Gem Snowflake Perfection Belly Ring ||	  Very Pretty - My neice loved it  I bought this for my neice in South Carolina. I wasn't sure how much she would like it since it is a "snowflake." When she opened the present, she stated that she had been looking at one to buy. So, I guess I picked an appropriate gift for a 17-year old. <end>
 B0007RTYZI  Twilight Star Crystalline Gem Banana Belly Ring ||	  Enjoyable  I enjoy this item only the corners of the star are somewhat pokey and also kind of grab on clothes. I would only recommend it on piercings that are super new and sensitive. <end>
 B0007RTZ5C  Silver DAISY Nose Ring ||	  daisy nose ring  I am very pleased with the daisy nose ring. I have started a collection and I think, by far, this one is a favorite! Reasonably priced and just the right size. <end>
 B0007RVKUA  "Baby Cubissimo" Bracelet (Iridescent Crystal) ||	  beautiful  This little bracelet is beautiful. It has great sparkle, but isn't so dressy that you only wear it for special occasions. <end>
 B0007RVKZU  "Cubissimo" Earrings (Iridescent Crystal) ||	  Cubissimo Earrings  I like the iridescence of the earrings, but they are a little larger than I generally wear. <end>
 B0007RXK2G  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Gold Wears Quickly  The white plating wears fairly quickly. It had to be resized as it could not be oredered small enough. <end>  Good price and durable  I bought this 2 years ago for my fiancee, now wife, and still showing its beauty. It does support good amount of abuse (scratches) since white gold is more tough than yellow gold. <end>
 B0007RXLYS  14k White Gold Concave Engagement Ring Setting ||	  So pretty...  The ring is so pretty, the picture doesnt look as good as it really is, it looks so different when you have it in your hands. GREAT!!! Dont be afraid to get it, its beautiful!! <end>
 B0007SMJYK  Pugster Glove Clear Crystal February Birthstone Amethyst Swarovski Trapezoid Pendant Gift For Women ||	  Expensive and Broken  I ordred this chain because I have a very small wrist. I had one small charm I put on this bracelet, took very good care of it, but was only able to wear it for about 10 days before the links broke. <end>
 B0007SV7DY  Pugster Starry Night Italian Charm ||	  Love the charm  It has great detail to be so small. It was a nice addition to a friends bracelet. <end>  Italian Charm  I wasn't sure how my favorite painting would look on this tiny charm. I was amazed when I received it. It is beautiful and is a great addition to my bracelet. So glad I bought it. <end>  night italian charms  Excellent service, Charms arrived promptly and in great shape, would buy from again, thank you.Sailboat At Night Italian Charms Bracelet LinkStarry Night Italian Charms Bracelet Link <end>  Great  The picture was correct, product is great. I recieved the product in a very timely manner. I will use Pugster again, they are very reliable. Great service. Thank you. <end>  Van Gogh Starry Night italian charm  This is a wonderful, unique italian charm of Vincent van Gogh's "Starry Night" painting. Really great color and detail. Great price, quality, shipping costs, and delivery. <end>
 B0007SV7F2  Pugster The Kiss Photo ||	  Tiny Tiny, but you have to Expect Tiny  Italian charms are rather standard, so you can already guess about how big it's going to be. I love Klimpt and his fascination for redheads, but the detail is going to be rather lost on the face. I love it because of the artist and that it was given as a gift for my collection of charms. Obviously, you'll know what it is, but the details in the gold are not going to stand out. <end>
 B0007SV81A  Pugster Romantic Couple X2 Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Amor  This is so my hubby and I the detail is lovely and when ever I look at it I smile <end>
 B0007SV838  Pugster Egyptian Mummification Italian Charm Bracelet Bracelet Link ||	  Mummies Italian Charms  I am interested in Ancient Egypt and the mummification process, so this was a very intriguing little Charm. It looks great on my bracelet. <end>
 B0007SZHRQ  Nickel Free Tarnish Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Polished Finish 4mm Wedding Band Ring Size 5 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Such a beautiful ring  The uniqueness of this ring is what caught my eye initially. When I received the ring I couldn't get over how beautiful it was.The ring is truly a one of a kind and I am so very glad that I own it now.It is not a ring that you see all the time.You won't be disappointed. <end>  sparkle  I had been looking for a right hand ring for quite some time without any luck. When I saw this ring I knew it was the one for me.I received the package and this ring is a definate keeper!Its beautiful and sparkles with every movement. Ive gotten many compliments in it. Thanks! <end>  love it  I wanted something different for my wedding band when I saw this ring I loved it . <end>  Beautiful Ring perfect for small hands  I've been looking for a right hand ring for the one I lost recently. I looked a long time and when I saw this one I knew immediately that this was it. Like the other reviewers said it is a unique and beautiful ring. It looks very nice on my hand and I would recommender buying from this company. <end>
 B0007TIQAA  3 CTW Sterling Silver Pink Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 9 ||	  perfectly pink  I thought this perfectly pink ring was going to be too large a stone for my hand , but it is totaly perfect. I love it ! I wear it every day. I did not give it five stars, because I have already broken a prong. I just bought it in April. This ring makes me feel perfectly pretty in pink. <end>  Sterling Silver with Pink Cubic Zirconia Ring  Excellent value. The ring is very nice and the vendor shipped super fast. I will buy from this vendor again. <end>  sparkly!  Ring arrived quickly - packed in pretty pink gift box. I've only worn it a couple of days - so I can't say how it will look in time - but it really is pretty! The picture doesn't do it justice - it sparkles!! Very happy with purchase! <end>  Love my pink ring!  I have not taken this ring off since I received it!! It is smaller than I thought but I am actually happy that it's not too big and pompous. I have gotten a lot of compliments on it and no one knows that it's cubic zirconia but me. I love it!!! <end>
 B0007TYKNM  Sterling Silver Antiqued Roped Filigree Scroll Toe Ring ||	  Cute but broke after a few weeks  This is a cute ring however if you don't keep it on your toe and have to continually adjust it, the metal will give and it's broken. This would be more worth it out of a cracker jack box. <end>  VERY CUTE  EDITIt broke after a week of wearing!This a very cute toe ring! only thing is that of course because it is filigree its going to be brittle so be careful! I would not take this one on and off allot, but it does dig into your toe if you are wearing socks and boots. It left a bloody ring round my toe where it dug in. I have been wearing toe rings my whole life so I'm used to that feeling but if this is your first time I would recommended one that is flat all around.As for he look, well its allot prettier in person! very cute and flattering! I thought it was going to be bigger because of the picture put its really the perfect size! I'm very happy with this purchase! <end>  Good, but I wish it could last longer  Well I bought this toe ring awhile ago and this was my first toe ring btwThe toe ring was nevertheless cute and much better than the picture (because it much shiner than it is in picture)the quality of the metal itself was okay I guess. It fit perfectly in my toe, but you see I have a problem with the ring.It tarnishing (turning slightly yellowish kind of thing) because I'm using it while I'm taking a bath and such..but then again 'do I have to take it off every single time I take a bath/shower in the first place?'Well anyways, I did take it off afterwards every time I'm going to take a shower.So probably that's why it got broke because I took it off and put it back on so many times.Overall I think the product was good, because it last on me for like 2 or 3 months before it snapped/broke. <end>  Beautiful  This is a very beautiful Toe-ring, nicely crafted, I love it! If one has pretty big toes it might not fit quite es nicely but it does with me, just right! <end>  More beautiful in person. Good quality.  I have worn toe rings almost constantly for about 14 years. I absolutely love them. My favorite was pulled off of my toe and sent flying to a place from which it could not be recovered. I was forced, after many years of dedication to one ring, to pursue another.I bought some on-line. Junk.I bought some at a chain jewelry store. Broke.I bought a multi-pack at a department store. Went through 3 in 2 days. They all bent, snapped or twisted right off.The non-sliver variety quickly turned black and made my toe green.Alas, I have finally found my new ring for a long-term commitment.Truly, the picture does not do justice to the piece. It arrived beautifull packaged in a velvety jewelry bag and the ring doesn't twist and bend like cheap metal. I am very pleased. <end>  Classy!  Amazingly gorgeous and unique piece of jewelery, high quality, I couldn't be more pleased with this item!! <end>  great product  great product, exactly as i was told it would be, very fast and efficient service ) <end>
 B0007TYMNA  Coral Dangle Earrings ||	  Fun and Pretty Silver and Coral Earrings  These earrings are just as pictured, bright red and polished silver. They are an inch or so long and sway prettily from my ears. I have enjoyed them very much. Unlike some other semi-precious materials, red coral seems to be fairly uniform in color saturation, in my experience. These matched perfectly a red coral bracelet I already owned. You won't be disappointed in these, if you want a little red in your jewelry wardrobe! <end>
 B0007U7MTA  Star Passion Pink Gem Belly Button Ring ||	  Perfect  I wanted a small yet attractive ring for times when i don't want something giant in. This was JUST what i was looking for, i would highly recommend it. <end>
 B0007UBL9M  14 Gauge Bcr Hematite Captive Ring 7/16 5mm ||	  Uncomfortable.  The bead's paint job? Not sure what to call it, but.. it immediately starts to chip off as you wear the ring, causing painful stabbing with the sharp edges. I ended up taking it out after a week.  / <end>
 B0007ULTCQ  18 Gauge Straight Barbell Clear Retainer 5/16 ||	  Decent  These came in handy in a pinch for work, since we weren't allowed to wear any visible piercings. The backing is poor, however. It's just a little clear elastic on the back, so they pops off really easily and get lost. They're hard to see when they fall out because they are clear.Good for very temporary occasions when needed, but I don't recommend this for long term use. <end>
 B0007UW8VC  14 karat with genuine RUBY gemstone nose screw ||	  Ruby Nose Screw  In general I am pleased with my purchase. It is a ruby and it is 14kt gold however, the picture of the nose screw and what I actually got were not the same. The item I received had the (pigtail?) not the gentle curve of the nose screw pictured. <end>
 B0007UWS4O  Sterling Silver Marcasite Gemstone Palette Ring Size 9(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Very pretty  But I guess I but a size too large. It's very beautifuland unique. I guess I'll try wearing it on my thumb (but even then it's still too big! wah!!!)Oh well. Next time I'll order a smaller size.Thanks anyway. <end>
 B0007UX0V4  DEMDACO Willow Tree True Keepsake Box ||	  Love  I purchased this for my mother for Christmas, and this item arrived right on time and was exactly what I expected !! <end>  very nice  Got for my mother-in-law, it's pretty small but still a nice box for trinkets, well worth the money and would order another. <end>  "Truly a Friend" keepsake box by Willow Tree  I am so pleased with this product. Beautiful little keepsake box, perfoect for a friend with a dog or one who has recently lost a dog. Sentiment written inside the box. Use to preserve collar tags or any other keepsake. My friend was very touched to receive this. <end>
 B0007UYV30  10k Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Elegant Women's Band ||	  Love, love, love this ring!  I get SO many compliments on this ring. A friend asked if I would mind if she bought the same ring. Of course I didn't mind and now she has one too. It's beautiful and just the right size-I was looking for a narrow band type ring for my thumb. LOVE IT~ <end>
 B0007UYVOO  Sterling Silver Filigree and Red Garnet Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Looks like a plastic egg machine ring  I am reconsidering purchasing anything from Silver Insanity. Some of their silver is quality, some is not, but you won't know until you get it. This entire ring is very thin and the filigree is crooked and I can bend the ring with little effort. However, it was inexpensive and I guess I just got what I paid for. <end>  I love this ring.  This is one of my favorite rings. In fact I wore it out and need to buy a new one. Lol <end>
 B0007V0YV2  Sterling Silver Marcasite Gemstone Palette Ring Size 9(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Very pretty  But I guess I but a size too large. It's very beautifuland unique. I guess I'll try wearing it on my thumb (but even then it's still too big! wah!!!)Oh well. Next time I'll order a smaller size.Thanks anyway. <end>
 B0007V2XDY  Unusual Sterling Silver Flowing Celtic Knot Pendant ||	  Unusual Sterling Silver Flowing Celtic Knot Pendant  I have gotten so many good compliments about this pendant. Everyone thinks that it is beautiful.If there were earrings i would definitely wear them too  ) <end>  Awesome Pendant  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my best friend who LOVES this type of flow-y Celtic Knot jewelry. She loves it and would wear it everyday if I hadn't gotten her an equally beautiful owl pendant. It seems very good quality and the pictures don't do it justice. <end>  Great buy!  This pendant is beautiful, the picture does not do it justice. I get compliments on this piece all the time and it's a terrific price. <end>
 B0007V2XE8  Sterling Silver Filigree and Red Garnet Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Looks like a plastic egg machine ring  I am reconsidering purchasing anything from Silver Insanity. Some of their silver is quality, some is not, but you won't know until you get it. This entire ring is very thin and the filigree is crooked and I can bend the ring with little effort. However, it was inexpensive and I guess I just got what I paid for. <end>  I love this ring.  This is one of my favorite rings. In fact I wore it out and need to buy a new one. Lol <end>
 B0007V8AL8  Amazon.com  GOLD-Colored Men&#39;s Cuff Links. Oval shape Virgin Mary Cufflinks.  Clothing ||	  Very nice!  I purchased these for Christmas. I searched and searched and finally I found these beautiful cuff links. They are my husband's favorite cuff links. They are really nice. <end>
 B0007V8AZY  Sterling Silver Baby BANGLE Toddler Child Kids Bracelet ||	  Todler Bangle  I love the bangles. My two year old enjoyes looking at them. I have similar bangles. So she likes looking like mommy. <end>
 B0007V9TKE  Amazon.com  GOLD-Colored Men&#39;s Cuff Links. Airplane shaped Cufflinks.  Clothing ||	  cufflinks review  I loved it, couldn't have been better. Arrived early in great condition, how could you ask for more? <end>  Airplane Cuff Links  The top review did sway me to buy this product. It came very timely. They are pretty nice but don't think they are 5 stars either. They don't look like a normal gold and gave as a valentine's gift. Will see if he wears them. Thanks Cherie Martinez <end>  Wonderful  The cufflinks were better than I expected. They are exceptionally nice for the price. The detail on the planes is perfect. <end>
 B0007W29AK  Sterling Silver Heart Solitaire Blue Topaz Ring Size 7 ||	  hit the heart of my eye  this item is amazing it made a perfect gift for my loved one. not only did she not know it was coming but she was shocked by it as well. it is as solid as silver can get and the heart shaped cubic zirconia is amazing looking <end>
 B0007WBLJA  Clear Marble Tongue Ring ||	  Not as I expected but ok  I was expecting it to be clear as it is called "clear marble tongue ring" and the picture is pretty clear however it is more white than clear. It is ok but not what I was looking for. Shipping was quick. <end>
 B0007WPZBK  Aspergers Autism Awareness Puzzle Ribbon Charm Bracelet ||	  Autism IS a World  Autism is not only about the person with Autism - it affects parents, siblings, and many others. The home changes to accomodate the diagnosed person. It involves Speech Pathologists, Psychologists, Occupational Therapists, and Teachers. It requires a team effort. So wear a trinket. Show your support for not only the person diagnosed, but for the family he or she lives in. For the school they attend. For the team of professionals that service them. Without research and support, people with Autism would not have the services and support they now have.If you are truly proud of your autism, be proud of those around you who have worked with you, taught you, cared for you. These are the people who have helped you be what you are. Be proud of them too. And support continued research of Austism Spectrum Disorders. They are proud of you. <end>  I still puzzle myself!  As a person with Aspergers, and a mother with two sons (ages 24 and 15) who have Aspergers, I can tell you that I don't know how I made it through the years sanely, and my boys were, and still are a puzzlement to me. (Albeit a delightful one) I believe I may have been the luckiest one on earth to be their mom, because I am as "quirky" as they are, yet I know to this day that most people consider me an "odd duck." I would proudly wear a puzzle bracelet, and announce to the world that I am a puzzle and hey! come and spend some time figuring me out...it could be fun and worth your time and effort! I'm proud of the paradox that is me! <end>  Autism Pride!  This beautiful bracelet is a wonderful way of instilling pride among the autistic community.The bracelet is silver plated and replete with charms. The biggest charm of all is the Autism Engima Puzzle piece, the au courant symbol of autism. Each interlocking piece in different colors is rather Gestalt-like in that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. The enigma of autism is greater than the sum of its parts!The other symbols of the key and the heart makes me think of the 1980 Pete Townshend classic, "Let My Love Open the Door (to your heart)." Definitely a symbol of pride! <end>  Discriminative and unfair  This item promotes the idea that people with autism are puzzles that need to be put together. We are NOT. We are human beings whose minds just happen to work differently than those of the general population. I am autistic and proud of it and I DO NOT need to be fixed. I do not appreciate an item being sold that promotes the idea that there is something about me that is broken. <end>  This is not pride  I find it very strange that this product is being advertised as an "autism pride" bracelet, just a few days before autistic pride day (june 18th) and at the same time is promoting the view of autistics as puzzles to be solved - would a bracelet advertising the "puzzle of homosexuality" be suitable for gay pride? <end>  Awesome bracelet with great meaning  I bought this bracelet and I wear it EVERYDAY!!! And everyday someone asks me about it. It gives me the opportunity to talk about it and the special students that I work with and how smart that that are and how much they teach me every day. And how much they have to offer the world. I also bought one for two other teachers and one for parents of children with autism. It meant so much to them also. I wear it with great pride. This bracelet is beautiful and to me it means a lot. I encourage anyone who works with or has a child with autism to purchase one and wear it with pride. <end>  poor quality  I purchased 3 of these bracelets. I love the design but all three broke very shortly after I purchased them. The charms fell off. Looks good but poorly made. <end>  Autism is a puzzle  I have an autistic son. I do not feel he needs to "be fixed", which seems to be the general feeling posted by autistics here, but to me he is a puzzle that I need to figure out. I would not have him any other way. I seek to understand him to greater appreciate his very special mind. No, he does not need fixing, but I need to understand how his puzzle pieces fit together to be able to see his "big picture". <end>  Please don't wear a ribbon or a trinket for me.  I noticed that the design of this bracelet includes a ribbon motif, like the kinds of coloured ribbons that people wear on certain days in remembrance of people who are victims of tragedies, such a breast cancer, AIDS, suicide or road accident fatalities. To regard autistic people in the same way, as being the victims of a tragic misfortune, can be seen as a dreadful personal insult to us, because autism/Aspergers is a fundamental part of who were are, we don't have autism, we are autistic. Save your pity for someone who needs it, mate!And the bracelet also uses the autism puzzle motif that many autistic people find objectionable. One of the better known autism activist web sites has a logo on it that says "I am not a puzzle I am a person". It should be obvious to any thinking person that the idea of autism being a puzzle is a neurotypical-centric point of view of autism and autistic people. When a neurotypical person expresses the opinion that autistics are a puzzle, they are only flaunting their own lack of knowledge, not empathy or understanding. <end>
 B0007WT3TA  Sterling Silver Baltic Green Amber Flaming Sun Pendant ||	  Beautiful...  This pendant is very beautiful. I gave this to my sister as a gift and she loves it. She enjoys making her own necklaces and has put this pendant into the perfect setting. It looks stunning and is absolutely eye catching. <end>
 B0007XD5P2  Silver-Toned Pewter Gothic Sacred Dragon Star of Solomon Charm Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful, Beautiful, Beautiful!!!  Really, there is nothing more to be said. Do you want some more? Okay, here's the description  two dragons, intertwined with a seal of Solomon in the middle. This necklace is so unique that you are almost guaranteed to be the only one wearing it anywhere except maybe a huge city like New York or London. The detail is exquisite, it looks custom made and the metal looks much more expense than what it is. It honestly looks like something that a medieval mage might had worn. Bravo Silver Insanity!!! This company does amazing work and all should visit its vast selection. <end>  GREAT GIFT  I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend to celebrate our anniversary. He is a dragon nut, and i thought this necklace would be perfect for him. Well it was! It is strong enough for him to wear all the time, even to work. The design is amazing and very beautiful. He loves it. It was worth every penny. <end>  its okay, not great  Well I expected a little more the first time I got it." Well the picture makes it look great" lol but that's not what you get. The craftsmanship is not so great but the design is "Wild" very good  ) but it's not as shiny as I expected and be very careful the wings might break so buy it for people that are not so careless "cause one drop and its over" But i liked really i do and it's very lucky ever since i bought, good things have happen to me so as far as that it works lol but yes if you are a little Gotic and like dragons this for you, i give it 4 stars for my case but you have to decide on your own what you get  ) <end>  ok, not great  The wings are poorly soldered to the back of the piece. They bend easily, and one of mine has broken off completely.It's hard to find really high quality dragon items. I'm bummed that this is just one more of those flimsy junk pieces. The design is neat, and the photo makes it look really cool, but it's just not well made.Wear with caution. <end>  unique  This jewelry is unique, intelligent, beyond interesting. It is for a person who is also a unique individual and I gave it to my daughter for her birthday. <end>  Dirty and blackned  Many places especially on the wings and seal, it is alot black and it makes it look very dirty. I did not like this dragon necklace and I think it could be better because it looks like it is made by an amateur. I am not impressed.It did come with a standard chain and a pouch for the necklace though. <end>  AWESOME NECKLACE!  Here in SF, I found this product to be out of stock at the local Irish gifts shop (the one at Pier 39) and found it here. It was cheaper here online, and I am glad I got it here because although it is an awesome necklace, it is quite cheaply made. They bend easily so be careful. If you can find it any cheaper, all the better! <end>  Wow! This is really cool.  I just received this today, EXACTLY on the 1st. date they gave me for delivery. This Pendant is really very interesting, it is BIG, however. I'll get used to it, people will see me and they WILL know where I stand.I did put it on a heavier gold chain, blends fine with 14k gold.This may sound odd...... But, I opened the box, then the pretty velvet bag, I said a small blessing before putting it on, and, the minute it hit my skin (right across the center of my heart ), I really felt Totally empowered, with the sense I should be wearing this! The energy was Amazing,I got things done with total clarity of what I was needing to do (things I've put off for awhile), of course I know it is slightly "mass produced", but it made me feel great!I love it, and have already ordered some more things from "Silver Insanity", they are unique, pretty, well constructed, and everything they say they are. I can't wait to see the Ankh I ordered!No worries here!Get EMPOWERED,ENERGIZED and BLESSED. <end>
 B0007XY4HU  4.90-Carat Pear-Shaped Genuine Aquamarine 10k White Gold Drop Pendant and Chain 18&quot; ||	  Color in the picture is very misleading.  From the picture you would believe that the gem is quite blue, but in reality it is almost clear. <end>
 B0007YAOS2  Red Resin Pendant Necklace ||	  Rare replica is priceless  I bought this as a memento of a brilliant but modest necklace I had seen at the Smithsonian Institute. I love the grand central stone as well as the modern multi-strands of this design - this combination truly illuminates my evening wear. By far, the intricate detail present reminds me of the jewelery owned by ladies of the royal court. With so much class it is still affordable. This necklace is an exceptional gem. <end>  Color more orange than red  I received the necklace and realized that the color was a little more orange than red. I bought it for a friend and I think she will like it regardless. The pendant is very large. <end>  Kinda big  The pendant was much bigger than I was expecting. It's very difficult to find an outfit that this necklace will go with because of the oversized pendent, I haven't been able to wear it much. The quality of the beads is good, the pendant is sort of plastic feeling but you have to touch it to notice. The cord everything is strung on is very cheap.Nice peice if you really want to make a statement and no one's going to look too close. <end>
 B0007YAOT6  Red Shell Flower Beaded Collar Necklace [Limited Time Blowout Offer] ||	  Great shape and color...but.  I love the unique shape and bold color of this necklace. However, the "bold color" bled all over my white shirt the first time I wore it. Ruined the shirt. I suppose that's what I get for buying items on "limited time blowout". <end>  came broken-cheaply made  I will be returning this product-it came broken inside the plastic bag-either is was very cheaply made or the person boxing it up did not see that it was already falling apart-beads were everywhere-very disappointed in the way it came-no was it damaged in shipping! <end>  Pretty and delicate.  I bought this piece several months ago and have worn it several times, though I am not personally crazy about a "lariat" style of necklace. I would have liked it better if it were just a circular choker. In fact, I have decided to take it apart and make a choker using leather cording and the "poppy" shells.The only problem I have with it as a necklace is that some of the beading string can be seen in between two of the flowers. I would suggest using a permanent marker in either orange or red to color any part of the exposed string, (which looks dirty, btw...probably from string wax or something). Otherwise, it is rather lovely. The colors remind me of tangerines and blood oranges. It has an extender chain, so I imagine it should be able to fit any size neck. <end>  Best Purchase!  This is a great necklace. I had a ton of compliments on it and no problems with the color bleeding. If you want something that pops, definitely get it! <end>
 B0007YF036  Huge Sterling Silver Filigree Swirl Cross Slide Pendant ||	  Gorgeous!  I almost didn't order this cross, because it doesn't look like anything spectacular from the photo, but let me tell you how glad I am that I went ahead and did!It's just gorgeous, and looks like a much more expensive piece of jewelry than it is. Nice, heavy, substantial weight, very solid. Reminds me a bit of the spanish wrought-iron work. Looks spectacular on a silver omega. <end>
 B0007YMSWM  Italian Sterling Silver Bead Chain 9 10 11 inch Anklet ||	  Bead Chain Anklet  The anklet has a tendency to come apart at the clasp as it is not soldered together well enough. <end>
 B0007YUKRW  Synthetic Opal Sterling Silver Star Fish Pendant ||	  Better than Expected!  This pendant is beautiful! I am very picky & was extremely pleased. I ordered one as a gift & then went back & bought another for myself. Love the inlay effect!Great product for the price! <end>  Beautiful Pendant  I purchased this pendant about a year ago. When I received it, I couldn't believe how beautiful it was! I get nothing but compliments. I couldn't have asked for a better quality piece, especially for the price. If you're interested in this pendant, don't hesitate. <end>  Great piece of jewelry!  Order arrived quickly and pendant was exactly as described/pictured. A beautiful pendant for the price. Well worth the purchase! <end>
 B0007YVB70  Amber Colored Pendant Necklace w/Glass Beads ||	  Amber Colored Pendant Necklace w/Glass Beads Review  I totally love this necklace. It goes with many things I own and really enhances a low neckline. I get compliments each time I wear it <end>  Don't let the picture fool you!  I just received this necklace. While the shipping and handling was remarkably quick, the product was more than disappointing. The picture makes it look so vibrant, but it must have had a heavy backlight. The necklace itself is DULL, DULL, DULL. There was also a foreign hair caught in the clasp and a strong, unpleasant odor attached to the whole thing. Also, make sure to check the return policy. With shipping and handling, the necklace is $15, but if I return it I will only receive $10 -$2 restocking fee - my own shipping costs=maybe $6. Make sure to note "Amber colored." There is no way it is real amber. I gave the necklace two stars only for my own stupidity in not noticing these things ahead of time. <end>  Amber colored pendant  This amber colored pendant with glass beadings arrived quickly, it was packaged very nicely and is a nice size for open shirts, but it looks as plastic as it is, dull, not shiny. I wouldn't buy it again if I had known it was this cheap looking. I gave it to my grandaughter for her dolls. <end>
 B0007Z6TGW  Zina Sterling Silver Etched Squares Bracelet, 7" ||	  Zina jewelry  I worked for nine years at an upscale jewelry store that sold Zina jewelry, and I can attest it is quality merchandise. Rarely did we get returns when someone had received a Zina piece as a gift. Even more rarely did we have to return anything for repair as the pieces are of very high quality. Even more incredible was that Zina would remake a missing earring. I lost one at a football game, mailed in the "partner," and got a brand-new, hand-created replacement. To find Zina jewelry on Amazon at such good prices was a thrill for me. I have already bought at least four items on Amazon to date. <end>
 B0007ZDUYG  Sterling Silver Golden Retriever Dog Pendant ||	  Silver Charm a Gem of Golden Delight  I ordered this charm on 01-24-07, in the evening. I received it, via USPS, 01-17-07. It was shipped in a protective, padded envelope. Within was a plastic bag with a silver cardboard box, the charm and chain, both of sterling silver. The Golden Retriever charm and the lovely chain are gorgeous. This is the first Golden Retriever charm I have seen that is beautifully made and reasonably priced.Sabrina's Silver has many more delightful dog charms. Well worth a look! <end>
 B0007ZFX3M  Sterling Silver German Shepherd Dog Pendant ||	  In Memory of My Dog  I bought this charm not long after my beloved dog died. I looked at many Germ Shep charms. This was by far the best one. It is a complete little statue. Its not flat on the back like many I've seen. So if it turns around both sides are great. Lots of detail. Right down to the GS tail & ears. It's solid sterling & very affordable. I love it. <end>  Great charm.  This is an outstanding charm, a great depiction of a German Shepherd with good detail. My wife has added it to her bracelet and loves it. <end>
 B0007ZFX50  Sterling Silver Miniature Pinscher Dog Pendant ||	  Don't waste your money  I got this as a gift and it looks even worse in person. I'm sorry, but this doesn't look like a miniature pinscher. To me it hardly looks like a dog!I wish that whoever designed this would have designed this better b/c it is SO hard to find quality min pin items! <end>
 B0007ZHG6E  Sterling Silver Italian Greyhound Dog Pendant ||	  Two thumbs up!  This is a gorgeous necklace and I like the 16 inches. I have two beautiful IG's and this necklace is a fitting tribute to the breed. I would definitely purchase from this vendor again.The price was reasonable as well. <end>  Wife charmed by this little charm  I wanted to surprise my wife with a little gift and this charm fit the bill. She absolutely adores our Italian Greyhound and the charm is nearly as cute as our little guy. The face is very faithful to the loving look of an IG and any owner of an IG will recognize it instantly. If I had to nitpick about the item at all, I would simply point out that a slightly larger charm might be nice in order to show off the little details that put into the face.I am very happy with this purchase and the vendor shipped the item extremely quickly (the item arrived a few days before the estimated arrival date if I recall correctly). I'd purchase items again from this vendor. <end>
 B0007ZJ7ZW  Sterling Silver Schnauzer Dog Pendant ||	  great gift for the dog lover  This was purchased as a gift and was very well received. It arrived early and the workmanship was excellent. Thanks <end>
 B0007ZNTJW  Lavender Jade and White Mother Of Pearl Diamond Back Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Beautiful jewelry  I got these for my wife and she loves them. As long as she is satisfied so am I. <end>
 B0007ZR8MQ  Tagliamonte Classics Collection - Pearls & Rubies 18K Gold Ring USA 8 | UK P | IT 16 ||	  Not well made for the price.  For an item that is so expensive, this ring is not as well made as I would have expected. Specifically, the side "columns" are not even in length. Also, the cab rubies are not uniform in color. I just had the feeling that I was paying more for the name of the designer than for the quality of the ring. <end>
 B0007ZR94I  NICKEL FREE White gold with Genuine Cut Diamond nose ring ||	  Subtle Sparkle  If you've finally had it with the mall body jewelry and are ready to treat yourself to some quality, this is the place to do it. Yeah, it'll cost more than (insert mall jewelry chain store here), but you're getting a far better item. This piece is perfectly tiny and subtle and as much trouble I had fishing this thing in to place, it did not irritate my piercing. I love it. <end>  Excellent Quality  I was very pleased with the overall quality of this piece....It was a nice grade of white gold and the clarity of the diamond is very nice...it is bezel set which is very hard to find in a nose ring and my preference is bezel set due to the fact it will not get caught on towels like prong sets do.....It lays flat down to my nose which is a plus to me and great size.....I like it so much I brought one for myself and my coworker....We Both LOVE them... <end>  Very nice jewelry  I have had this nose stud for years - it's my favorite. The setting shows off the stone well, and it sits perfectly flush with my skin. I have actually been trying to find something similar with a different type of stone and have not had any luck....others that look similar online are not as nice, the settings don't sit nicely like this one does. Definitely a great buy. <end>  You won't be disappointed!  The prior reviews are right on...you won't be disappointed. The diamond is subtle, sits flush on your nose and just enough lil sparkle. I haven't had any problems getting it in and out. <end>  perfect for sensitive skin...  So, at first i was a little apprehensive about spending so much on a nose ring. I am so glad I made this purchase. I have extremely sensitive skin, always have. my nose piercing wasn't healing up like i wanted it to. I'll be honest it didn't look good, I was convinced that it was the nose ring. It was surgical steel, which is fine for most people. I could feel the difference a couple days after changing to this one. There are a lot of gold nose rings but not that many quality nickel free nose rings. love it, thanks! <end>
 B00080Q2L8  Sterling Silver and 7mm Trillion Garnet Pendant, 18" ||	  Does she love it, or me?  My wife wears this all the time. I think it looks nice on her. It certainly is wearing well, since it was a gift two years ago. <end>
 B000819B8I  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  beautiful necklace  I recently discovered Swarovski Crystals and fell in love. This necklace ia absolutally beautiful and an excellant bargin. I've priced these crystals other places and this is a superior product at a great price. <end>  pricy for costume jewlery in a cheap cardboard box  not impressed with this. packaging was very cheap, and jewlery looks like something i'd pay five dollars for at wal-mart. save your money. not a good product. <end>  Swarovski Crystal Necklace  This is such a beautiful necklace!! The quality is exceptional...pictures don't do it justice. <end>  colorful  bought it as a gift for my girlfriend and she loved the colorful stones.Great product <end>  Not a Swarovski product.  This necklace is not what you may expect, after going to some Swarovski stores you can tell it has "other" quality, maybe crystals come from Swarovski but the necklace is not similar to original ones, maybe it is a good gift for the price, but be sure what you want before order it. <end>  Not worth the price  I cannot believe that am giving this to my girl. The picture looks way better than the necklace itself. an 18 inch necklace shouldn't be so small, yet it is.One more thing, the crystals do not seem as big as the picture.The metal that connects the crystals together; looks very cheap, very durable, could break/bend by any slight force. My water bottle's cap looks more expensive than this metal.what else can I say about this cheap product. I've just received this and am very very very disappointed and upset about it. <end>  Not worth the money  Looks better in picture then in reality. The crystal looks more like plastic then glass. A cheap trinket. Not sure what is made with Swarovski Element in this one <end>
 B00081AC68  Sterling Silver Clear AB Crystal Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Lovely  I plan on wearing this necklace with the crystal earrings and bracelet to my daughter's wedding. I bought it in a size 16 and it looks lovely with my dress. The crystals reflect the colors of the dress. Very well made and excellent quality. <end>
 B00081NCFG  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl, Peridot, and Blue Topaz Drop Necklace, 18" ||	  She loved it.  This was given as a Christmas present, it really made a big hit with her. <end>  Very pretty  I wasn't sure what to expect, buying jewelry from Amazon. This is a very pretty piece & the quality is good. The packaging is also very nice -- if you were giving this as a gift, it comes in a very nice giftbox. I get a lot of compliments on the necklace & it goes with all kinds of outfits. I think I need to buy the matching earrings! <end>  WOW!!!  I love this necklace. It goes well with most everything I wear. I got the earrings to go with it and I get nothing but compliments on this set. <end>  Lovely set  This necklace and matching earrings make a lovely set. The pearls are smooth, uniform and nicely sized. The necklace has white and pink pearls, as well as peridot and blue topaz so it goes with a variety of summer outfits. The quality is very good and I'm pleased with my purchase! <end>  Works for me!  I was looking for a Christmas present for my wife, and found this. Decided to take a chance. It arrived in good condition. The picture is accurate. My wife loves it! She wants the earrings too! I'll get those for her birthday. <end>  Not high grade jewelry.. but  This is not something to give your wife on your anniversary, but, I gave it to my niece for Christmas and she wears it all the time. It's a pretty little trinket that looks decent for everyday wear. You just wouldn't wear it to impress the Jones'. <end>  It's what you expect  I ordered this as a Christmas present for a lady friend of mine. I was hesitant due to the price and the fact that it is an Amazon product (I love amazon, but to my knowledge they are not well known for their jewelry). My worries were unfounded. The necklace looks amazing - better than I had hoped for (and it looked quite nice around my friend's neck). The colors all blend well together and make it a piece of jewelry that would go with just about anything. If I had to pick something to be a negative about this, it would be that I THINK the necklace is all one piece. It did not appear you could remove the chain and put a different chain on (for instance if it broke or if you wanted a thicker chain). <end>  Special Gift  I looked at this necklace several times on line along with others, and I kept going back to this necklace, I wanted a special gift for our daughter's 40th birthday. Finally I ordered it and it arrived a few days ago. It is lovely, the color combination of the stones and pearls are just beautiful, I am sure she will have many outfits she can wear it with, and hopefully fond memories over the years of a gift from Mom & Dad.If no one gets her earrings to go with it, that will be my next purchase.Thank you Amazon as always you do a good job. <end>  Pearl, Peridot, Topaz Necklace  I had already purchased the earrings some time ago and then found the necklace which matched perfectly. The purchase, response to my purchase and delivery are unmatched.Thanks AmazonCarol from New Zealand <end>  Very Nice  I bought this as a Birthday gift for my Girlfriend and she really liked it... All i can say is that it looks way pretty when you see it for real. Worth the money too.And she thanked me for ages for buying it for me. <end>  lovely  I gave the necklace and earings as a present and was pleased when I sawthem worn.I believe also,that they could both stand on their own and couldimpact and enhance any summery dress/outfit quite easily.It appeared to be of good quality,no regrets. <end>
 B00081R4O6  Cubic Zirconia Engagement and Wedding Ring ||	  It's okay...  I bought this ring while I was pregnant when my fingers were to swollen to wear my real ones and it made due. I could tell it was fake but nobody else said anything about it <end>
 B00084U4N6  Freshwater Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Pearl drop ear rings  The ear rings were exactly what I was looking for in a gift for my wife and the picture on Amazon was excellent. <end>  pearl drop earrings  they are lovely...a little larger then i would have liked but all in all were nice. delivery was excellent... <end>  Very happy with purchase  I ordered these for my Mom. She is very pleased, says they are very nice looking and just what she wanted. <end>  Good Purchase  Product was exactly as described. Nice earrings that appear to be well-made. My wife loves them. <end>
 B00084W5QU  Sterling Silver and Cubic Zirconia Heart Charm Bracelet ||	  Amazing  Omg, my bf ordered this bracelet for me and I wasn't so eager to collect it since previous jewellery I ordered online wasn't very impressive. However, when I received the package in a cute little blue box, and a suede little pouch... I fell in love! It's absolutely gorgeous & it really looks like white gold with diamonds. It certainly matches with any outfit & looks very exquisite! It's also eye-catching & very shiny. I'm so glad my bf bought me this charm bracelet & its a perfect gift for any girl!!! <end>
 B00084W6UK  Single Freshwater Pearl and Sterling Silver Necklace ||	  Quality between the same product differs  I ordered four of these necklaces as gifts for my bridesmaids. Two of the four necklaces were as described. However the other two had to be exchanged because the pearls were misshapen and had very noticeable blemishes. After describing the problem the necklaces were exchanged and I was satisfied with the purchase. <end>  Bridesmaids Gift  This was my bridesmaids gift for the 14 young girls in my wedding. They were a big hit. <end>  Wonderful  I bought this for my daughter 2 years ago she is still wearing it. She considers it her favofite piece. <end>  Peal Necklace  The pearl setting is very nice and elegant. However, I am a little dissapointed in the chain, it doesn't do the pearl justice. I was very excited that this came in a 20" length, so I was unpleasantly surprised that is wasn't a "true" 20 inches. It came with an extender on it, that in no way matches the necklace. They should have stated that in the description....Very misleading! <end>  Beautiful Pearl, Poor Chain  I got this pearl for my sister as a Christmas gift. She was very excited about having a single pearl necklace. Like other customers I was disappointed to see that there was an extender piece on the chain. To top things off this is a very cheap chain. After trying on the necklace the clasp broke while it was still around her neck. I was not impressed. If you do get this necklace, be prepared to invest in a better chain. <end>  Good gift for bridesmaids  I got these as bridesmaids' gifts and they were a big hit. They looked very nice, though the chain was a bit brighter than I had expected. They shipped pretty quickly, and the transaction went smoothly. <end>  tangled mess and ghetto pearl  The necklace arrived and I've spent 30 mins untangling it and still haven't gotten it untangled. The pearl looks like it's squished onto the necklace. Overall not happy, and since I don't know how it will look on me until it gets untangled. I am very disappointed in this product. <end>  just as promised  I was leary about buying this necklace having only seen it online, but the images don't do it justice! This is a gorgeous necklace of high quality. <end>  Just Beautiful  I got these for my bridesmaids, even though I was a little nervous about the feedback on length and how short they were. I got the 18 inch chain, and they were the perfect length, and my bridesmaids loved getting real pearls. <end>  Basically got what I paid for  Product arrived basically as specified online. It was a litlle smaller than I was looking for but still nice. Chain was as expected compared to similar jewelry i bought before online. All in all fairly good buy for the price. <end>  Great Necklace  This is a very nice necklace. The only complaint my wife had was that the pearl was bigger than she would have expected. <end>  Very pretty, fast service  Necklace looked as promised, and got here two days after I ordered it. Mom was very pleased with her Mothers Day gift. <end>  Perfect Gift  The necklace is beautiful and it was a gift to my girlfriend. She absolutely loved it! The customer service is also fantastic. They resolved every issue I had. I will definitely shop here again in the future. <end>
 B00084XEN8  Sterling Silver Mesh Ring ||	  Lovely ring, good seller  One of my friends has the same ring. I thought it looks really fantastic and I bought one for my self. I normally wear size 5 however the ring is really small, so I suggest to buy one size bigger. I sent the ring back for an exchange to get size 6, and I received the new one back really fast. It was impressive! The ring looks extremely shiny when you first get it but then it gets a little bit darker and looks nice. <end>  Great timeless piece  I lusted after the Tiffany's version of this ring forever and finally thought I would give this one a try before shelling out $200. I love it!! Ordering a size bigger is a great piece of advice though. I did this and it fits nicely and isn't too thick or uncomfortable. The silver is of good quality and wears well. Add their coordinating mesh bracelet and you have a polished look for a fraction of the designer price! <end>  Beautiful!  Bought this ring for my daughter and we both were very happy with the looks of it and how it was made. I did go by the reviews and bought a size bigger and it was to big. We should of bought regular size. No problems with exchanging it at all! <end>  Great Ring For The Price  This ring will save you a lot of money when comparing it to Tiffany. Anyone looking for a nice classy looking piece of jewelry that can be worn everyday without fear of losing something expensive should take a good look at this ring. I did however think this ring would be a bit brighter color wise when it came but I was disappointed to see it was darker. The picture shown when I bought it showed a brighter looking ring, however the picture shown now is accurate. Also I did have one issue with the ring and it was that one of the loops on the end were not closed all the way, and would get caught on clothing. A very simple fix of taking needle nose pliers and a cloth and pinched it to where it should be and never had a problem since. The free ground shipping is something I would stay away from, and just pay for upgraded shipping. I had it shipped the free shipping and it took 4-5 days to arrive when the company shipped it from the same state I live in less than an hour away. I am going to go ahead and blame USPS but it was getting close to the deadline for Christmas and I was afraid it was not going to show up on time. The company shipped the items I ordered the same day. I did contact customer service about the shipping and the person I spoke with was very polite and accommodating to my requests and questions and was willing to make things right and help me get what I needed for Christmas if the items didn't come by a certain date. Overall I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a silver mesh ring, and this company for any other jewelry as their prices are hard to beat, the quality is good and the customer service is top notch. <end>  mesh ring  I was very disappointed in the ring. The color is grey not sterling bright. I was looking for the somerset mesh ring but it was not available in size 9 so ordered this one which looked the same but was NOT i plan to return the ring. <end>  Mesh Ring  Nice looking ring, runs about 1/2 size small. The ring looks nice, but isn't as well made as I was hoping, the mesh breaks and starts poking out after a few wears. <end>  terrific  This transaction was flawless. The delivery was extremely fast, the ring is beautiful and just as described and the price is very reasonable. I would shop here again. <end>  great at first  This is a nice ring. I thought it very pretty when I first received it. Over time it seems to have faded in color and I no longer wear it. <end>  Workmenship  This is a very pretty ring.It has one flaw. The mesh can become slightly unraveled around the edges and get caught on cloth material. <end>  mesh ring  I loved the look of the ring. It is very comfortable. The problem is that the mesh comes apart and there are sharp pieces that catch on everything. I dont know how this can be repaired. I would not buy it again. <end>
 B00084Z7YM  Rubber Cord with Sterling Silver Clasp ||	  Just what I needed  I just needed a cord to replace on my favorite necklace. I used to use a thin chain, which was pretty annoying.This just arrived and it gets the job done. Seems sturdy enough for a necklace. The clasp is very thin and delicate, but as with all necklaces, as long as you don't reef on it it won't break. The cord is somewhat thick so I can see this not fitting some very fine/small things. For me it works very well, delivered quickly and in perfect condition. It is quite stretchy as well so I have a hard time imagining this breaking anythime soon. The rubber it is made out of is quite smooth and comfortable so I hardly even notice it.The only bad thing I can say about this, and it is a very minor complaint  The clasp, being small and delicate is REALLY small. A gentleman like myself with man-hands could find it difficult to attatch/re-attatch. Since I rarely take it off I don't have to worry about it, but for those of you who have dextrous tinkering hands this will not be a problem.I'll see how long it lasts as I've only had it a few days, but seems quite good so far. <end>
 B0008D7124  Regular Pendulum - Crystal Quartz ||	  Absolutely Excellent  This is perfect for what I use it for. I like the pouch that came with it to keep it clean. Couldn't ask for a better pendulum. Thank you!  -) <end>  Pretty Satisfied... but fragile  It's a perfect size; not too big not too small. But be careful though, for it is very fragile. <end>  beautiful crystal  Very well made, nice size, and looks fantastic, the silver chain attachment is very nice, I'm finally pleased with this crystal product. When i hold it I feel the energy. The size is just right and I recomment it. <end>  Wonferful  I am an experienced dowser, and I have to say this is one of the best pendulums I have ever worked with. I get clear answers that have all been right. Its movement is undiscribable, fast quick rapid. Great buy for the price. I am ready to teach. <end>  nice but too large  I would recommend you to purchase a smaller pendulum.It is easier to use and lighter.The design is very impressive. <end>  It's A Good Starter Piece For Me  The one I got had more facets to it than pictured here. I like the more facets. Appears to be facetted by hand. It's natural chrystal. I'm trying to remember what I heard on Coast to Coast AM talk radio about crystals...how to test it for being positive? Need to change it some to get it to work for me. Wonder if it's too big after reading the other reviews. Smaller would be better for what I would like to use it for. <end>
 B0008GNK6C  Sterling Silver Italian Thread Earrings with Spiral drop total length 5" Long ||	  found my own backs  Love, love, love these earrings. Style was just as I was anticipating. Had to knock off a star, though, because I really think they should come with rubber backs like many hook earrings do. I use a set of rubber backs from another pair that fit snug on the thread. This ensures I'm not going to loose one and that they both stay at the same length. Craftmanship is excellent. Threading is easy. <end>  Lovely dangle earrings  This is my first pair of dangle earrings and I love them. They are easy to thread through my ears and they look great! <end>
 B0008IT2JY  Sterling-silver Rose-gold Black Hills Gold Women' & Men's Wedding-bands ||	  Gorgeous  This ring is just gorgeous, far prettier than all yellow gold would be. Purchased to wear on a finger with an arthritic knuckle, my stone ring swings to the back, it is a bigger ring to go over the knuckle. This is perfect and beautiful too. <end>  I just love it.  Sterling-silver Rose-gold Black Hills Gold 10 mm Wedding-bandsI just love this ring. You do not see black hills gold this inexpensive so I just had to have it. Also half sizes are not usually sold online. The size ordered fit perfectly and I would recommend it. <end>  Very Nice Ring  This is a nice heavy band with beautiful leaves. I wear it all time. I get a lot of compliments, I have a friend that got it for her son. I love this ring. <end>  Sterling Silver Rose Gold Black Hills Gold wedding rings  My man and I exchanged commitment rings and picked these out as our matching rings. They are very pretty, but we were surprised that the design doesn't encircle the entire ring (the underside is plain silver). For the price I would have expected the design to be on the entire ring. But they are very pretty and the meaning is what really matters to us, so we are pleased. <end>  Men's ring  I used Amazon for the first time and found it easy way to shop. I was amazed that I found a ring that my husband had lost, he was so surprised that I found another one to replace. The shipping was quick and easy <end>  Ring  I am very happy with my purchase,except for one thing. I ordered a size 51/2 ring and was sent a size 6. It is a bit too big for me. I will think twice before ordering a sized article again. <end>
 B0008IT2KS  Sterling-silver Rose-gold Black Hills Gold Women' & Men's Wedding-bands ||	  Gorgeous  This ring is just gorgeous, far prettier than all yellow gold would be. Purchased to wear on a finger with an arthritic knuckle, my stone ring swings to the back, it is a bigger ring to go over the knuckle. This is perfect and beautiful too. <end>  I just love it.  Sterling-silver Rose-gold Black Hills Gold 10 mm Wedding-bandsI just love this ring. You do not see black hills gold this inexpensive so I just had to have it. Also half sizes are not usually sold online. The size ordered fit perfectly and I would recommend it. <end>  Very Nice Ring  This is a nice heavy band with beautiful leaves. I wear it all time. I get a lot of compliments, I have a friend that got it for her son. I love this ring. <end>  Sterling Silver Rose Gold Black Hills Gold wedding rings  My man and I exchanged commitment rings and picked these out as our matching rings. They are very pretty, but we were surprised that the design doesn't encircle the entire ring (the underside is plain silver). For the price I would have expected the design to be on the entire ring. But they are very pretty and the meaning is what really matters to us, so we are pleased. <end>  Men's ring  I used Amazon for the first time and found it easy way to shop. I was amazed that I found a ring that my husband had lost, he was so surprised that I found another one to replace. The shipping was quick and easy <end>  Ring  I am very happy with my purchase,except for one thing. I ordered a size 51/2 ring and was sent a size 6. It is a bit too big for me. I will think twice before ordering a sized article again. <end>
 B0008JF9CW  Sterling Silver Blue Floral Shape 12mm Wide Pendant Charm for Necklace ||	  New Sterling Silver Blue Floral Pendant Charm 12 MM  Absolutely beautiful. A little small for me since I didnt realize how small 12 mm is. But otherwise a delicate and beautiful pieceof Jewelry <end>
 B000932VQY  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Emerald Green CZ Hook Earrings ||	  pleased as a piper  this was a gift for my friend at work she really liked the earrings and put them right on her ears. they are really beautiful. <end>  celtic agate earrings  they fell apart three times on me and they kept replacing the actual hook for the earring. They look pretty cheap though not as nice as they looked on the site <end>  cute earrings  Bought these for my grand daughter and I have to make her take them out, so pretty we both love them well worth the money came very timely. <end>  Sterling silver Celtic knot emerald green earrings  These dangly earrings are very pretty but stones are much smaller than I expected them to be. All in all, I was a little disappointed with my purchase, but, surprisingly, got compliments the first time I wore them. <end>  When emerald eyes are shinning!  Another pair of celtic earrings. I love these, they are a cz version of my birthstone and are really show stoppers. So light and elegant. You will love them. <end>  May baby or Irish . . . she'll love these.  Gave these to my niece, who was born in May, for Christmas, and she liked them a lot. The detail work is nicely done. <end>  b-thday sensation  I gave this to my best friend for her Saint Patrick b-day and she adored them <end>
 B00093CSDU  Sterling Silver Unusual Celtic Knot Drop Hook Earrings ||	  Nice Celtic Earrings  I really like these earrings, and have even received a compliment or 2 on them. They're not gaudy, or too small. The weight is about right - enough that you can tell they aren't cheaply made. The design is what attracted me to them initially because it's not quite the same as most Celtic knotwork. Also, the quality of sterling silver is very good. <end>  Quality earrings  These are nice quality earrings at a very good price. The design is unusual and i get lots of compliments on them. <end>
 B00093ER7A  Sterling Silver Multicolor Jade and Black Onyx Bracelet ||	  Love this bracelet!  Just received this bracelet and I really love it. The colors are great and the size is nice...not too big. Very nice for the price. A good gift for someone too. <end>
 B00093ER7U  Sterling Silver Lavender Purple Jade 7" Link Bracelet ||	  Broke after 4 months  This bracelet is made very cheap. I was careful with it but it broke after about 4 months and then it was too late to return it. I am stuck with a piece of junk. <end>  Lavender Jade  Im so in love with this bracelet. Its perfect. &lt;3 it arrived fast and its exactly as described.  ) i would definately order from here again. <end>
 B00093FZ58  Sterling Silver Open Drop Earrings By Zina ||	  Regalo de los enamorados  Mi querida esposa quedo encantada con el regalo del d&iacute;a de los enamorados. Ella al igual que algunos de nuestros amigos(as) opinaron que son muy bonitos y que le lucen muy bien. Por lo que los recomiendo.Saludos.Manuel - Caracas.Venezuela. <end>
 B00093FZ5S  Sterling Silver And Amethyst Geometric Drop Earrings By Zina ||	  perfect  well received the goods well in time and was happy about the finish and quality of the same <end>
 B00093IMTY  Sterling Silver Pave CZ Reversible Huggy Earrings ||	  false advertising on such cute earrings!  I bought these earring because I had a pair that I loved which were identical that I received as a gift. The problem was that my original pair were not sterling silver so they really irritated my ears. I then found these here on eve's addiction and ordered them because they were sterling silver but as I quickly found out they are not because they also really irritate my ears and I know for a fact sterling ones do not. If you are looking for quality earrings unfortunately these are not the right pair for you!! I wish I had not have spent the money. <end>
 B00094ATN0  Genuine Aquamarine & Diamond 10K Gold Pendant Necklace ||	  Magnifique!!!  The aquamarine & diamond gold pendant is a marvellous and delicate item! I like it very much! The service is quick! I'm going to continue my experience with Silver Insanity firm! <end>
 B00094CY4M  Amazon.com  Slider Charm 10mm Democrat Elephant  Clothing ||	  Since when is the Democrat "mascot" an elephant?  This must be a real "find" since the elephant represents Republicans! <end>  Oh Dominic the Donkey would be so sad  Seriously, an Elephant, something as clumsy and "dumb" as an elephant---Democrats would never pick that as their mascot! <end>
 B00094F6K6  Let Go of Yesterday, Dream of Tomorrow, Work on Today Sun Charm Silver Tone Stretch Bangle Bracelet ||	  Beautifull saying but cheap!!  I bought this after I broke up with my boyfriend of 2.5 years and I moved to Atlanta not knowing a soul. I love the saying but the second I took it out of the package the sun charm fell off. Not a big deal. I have had it over a month and wear it at least 3 times a week but I keep noticing the clear elactic bands are slowly breaking.You get what you pay for!! It still helps me to read it however. <end>  Flawed design - make your own jewelry? Fix it yourself.  I agree with the prior reviewer who said the rubber bands start breaking. I had it about a month and wore it nearly every day when I noticed that the rubber bands which were at first neatly concealed, began to shred and break - thus poking through between the bands which make up this otherwise charming piece.Also please note that it is 'silver tone' - NOT sterling, so it also tarnishes easily and can cause discoloration of skin in metal sensitive wearers (like myself).I stopped wearing it due to the unsightly rubber strings poking through. I plan to visit a craft store for some jewelry making supplies to salvage it since I do love the sentiment and quaint charm of the piece nonetheless. <end>  The pic is very misleading  The bracelet I got have scatches everywhere. Not shiny at all.If that's the way it's supposed to be, please use another picture. Very misleading. <end>  Terrible  It's came all scratched, hardly as shiny as the picture, which was probably brightened to white out the scratches. Also, the bracelet is 2.25 inches in diameter (TINY)...held together by rubberbands. Dont get this~~By the way, I think all those people below this comment with the "Real Name" thing are all just BSing as in none of them actually bought it.Edit  Even the gift box I ordered it in is scratched...sigh.. <end>  Only for skinny people  These bracelets are very nice however only fit people with small wrists. I bought the bracelets to give to my friends but they fit very few people. The company advised they do not make them bigger when I asked.Warning, the silver is soft. The bracelets are very nice but if you tend to rest on your wrists, the bracelets get out of shape very easily. I would still recommend them <end>  It's Delightful!  It's just what I expected...for the price it is *not* cheap looking, and it fits well (I have a very skinny arm so I have to push it up more but any bracelet is like that for me). It's stretchy, and the little charm seems stable enough on it. I'll be wearing it a lot =) <end>  Happy reminder  I love this little bracelet! It's comfortable, and a nice reminder of what's really important to focus on! <end>  Nice  This is a fun bracelet, it's not silver but silver tone so it turns my skin green, so I just wash my wrist  ) It is a little small, I chose to keep it anyway. I like it. <end>  beautiful!  I was pleasantly surprised that this inexpensive silver bracelet was so lovely. I could not have purchased anything similiar for this price or quality in the local malls or stores. The quality and beauty was delightfully pleasing. <end>  Bracelet  Got this bracelet for my wife and she adores it and wears it all the time. The quote fits her life as it stands now and she is happy with it. <end>  Very Good  Item came on time and we just how I thought it would be. I am very happy with this purchase and how it was handled.  ) <end>  Beautiful but to cheaply made  I recieved this bracelet for christmas (2006) and was so upset to see it tarnish and turn an awful brown color within only a few weeks (no I didnt wear it in the shower). I bought myself another one because I loved my first one so much, but I only wear it on special days. I wish the silver plating had been done better. If you buy this dont wear it every day or you will be buying another one in a couple of weeks. <end>  I'd change a few things...  I like the saying on this bracelet, I wish it had a different way of putting it on, a clasp of some sort or one of those rings w/ the bar. It has elastic in it to expand the bracelet... which makes it feel really cheap and I get nervour it will break. <end>  Great /inspirational  I bought one for me I love it! Remind me how strong I need to be every day. In addition, I worked with women who has drug abuse issues and once I gave this as a tool to empower them do to their best. <end>  Inspiring!  This bracelet is beautifully done! It is both inspiring and insightful! I get loads of compliments when I wear it! <end>  Beautiful Gift  I bought this as a gift for my sister. The quality and size are great. She wears it with everything and finds inspiration in it every day. <end>  ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!!  FAST SHIPMENT...BRACELET IS AS DESCRIBED.....ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL . . AMUST HAVE...PEOPLE ASK ME ALL THE TIME WHERE I GOT IT.....I LOVE THIS BRACELET...REMINDS YOU EVERYDAY OF WHAT LIFE IS ABOUT <end>  I Loved It  Let Go of Yesterday, Dream of Tomorrow, Work on Today Sun Charm Silver Tone Stretch Bangle BraceletI got this bracelet for my friend as a Christmas present(which means she hasn't seen it yet) because she's been verydepressed about her past and so I wanted to bring some positivityto her life. Mine just came in perfect condition... the sun charmstayed on and no scratches were to be found. It wasn't as shinyas it looked on the monitor but I couldn't care less.I was fighting not to keep it for myself since I bought it as a gift.I really like it D Thank you for great item. <end>  just as pictured  it looks just like the photo, no suprises, it is just as I thought or even better. Delivery very quick <end>
 B00094H6O0  Sterling Silver Square Created Opal Stud Post Earrings ||	  Very Disappointed...  The picture shown does not come close to what arrived in the mail today. I must admit that I wasn't expecting too much when I ordered these earrings for my wife, based on the price. But I wouldn't have paid more than $5 for the earrings that came in the mail if I saw them at a store. The first thing I noticed was how the Opal lacked the iridescent play of color they are known for. The second thing I noticed was the color of the silver; slightly brown. It does not look like sterling silver; it resembles silver I've seen from mines in Mexico that cause discoloration on the skin. I'll have to check the silver, and I'll be taking a closer look at the 'opal' to see if it isn't really Slocum Stone. The only reason I gave it a 2 is the price and somewhat quick delivery. <end>
 B000994QEI  Sterling Silver Genuine Red Garnet and White CZ Double Heart Pendant with 20" chain necklace ||	  Double heart necklace  Worst piece of jewelry I've ever bought. The chain broke the first time I went to put it on. <end>
 B00099Z1YC  Sterling Silver Dangle Starfish Earrings ||	  Love these earrings  Nice quality, look great and comfortable to wear. Perfect for a little dangle with a beach theme ! Love them ! They are not heavy. <end>
 B00099Z3JA  Boma Blue Mother of Pearl Moon Studs ||	  Nice earrings  I gave these to my girlfriend. She loved them. They are as described. And they arrived on time. <end>
 B0009A12E4  Boma Purple Mother of Pearl Dragonfly Necklace ||	  Love it!  I received this as a mother's gift. I love it. I like chokers and this was the perfect length. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of five was the color is more silver then purple. I still love it! <end>
 B0009B8L2O  Sterling Silver Etoile Ring in White Cubic Zirconias ||	  beautiful!  This vendor is amazing! Beautiful jewelry, excellent communication and fast shipping! I love this ring! <end>
 B0009BAFCS  Sterling Silver Triple Roll Russian Wedding Ring ||	  Love the ring  This is a great ring. It's solid without being too thick and uncomfortable. Looks very attractive. As another reviewer mentioned, I wish it were available in half sizes. I'd really have preferred a 6 1/2 but settled for the size 7. I think this was a good value for the price. <end>  Perfect!  I bought this ring for my wife as a gift. She loves it! The quality is excellent, and the three rings fit very nicely on her finger. <end>  Better than I expected  I bought 3 of these rings for myself, mom, and sister. I love how the bands seperate, which I wasn't expecting! The silver is pretty and this fit is perfect. I was impressed with how quickly my item arrived. Love it! <end>  Love the ring!  Bought the ring as a gift. Like it so much that I am going to get me one. <end>  Pretty Ring  I like the ring a lot. I had another one similar to it and it broke, this was a great replacement and I seriously doubt I will have any problems with this well made, great fitting ring. I have gotten plenty of comments. <end>  Very Pleased Great Value  This item is a beautiful piece. Great value and a true pleasure doing business with the company. I Highly recommend them and will definately do business with them again <end>  Beautiful ring!  This was a Christmas present for my girlfriend. The ring was gorgeous, however, it was quite a bit thicker than I intended. The individual bands are pretty thick, and combined, it is a bit larger in girth than I had planned. But altogether, good ring. <end>  Ring of 3  My wife loves this ring. She has been wearing it almost everyday. Size was true and fit perfect. Also found a necklace to match ! <end>  nice ring for a special someone!  I decided to buy two of these rings for myself. I was facinated by the unusual illusion of the three rings. I bought these for myself and a special someone as a token of love and they are well worth it. <end>  Quality Product!  Great ring! I tried a different one first but the individual rings were so thin that they snapped within a few weeks. The rings on this one are thicker, making it a bolder and more durable ring. Of course it costs a bit more but you can't go wrong paying for better quality! <end>  Better than expected.  My husband had one of these in gold but we had such an awful purchase experience that the poor ring broke apart. Now we've been saving to purchase one in platinum but in the meantime I bought him this silver one as a temporary replacement. He absolutely adores it! He's not even in a rush anymore to purchase the platinum ring. Even though this ring is more popular for females, it looks great on him because it's the perfect width (not too big or too small). We're both very pleased with this purchase!  ) <end>  Great ring!  Excellent ring. It was exactly what I wanted. The bands are a little larger than most rings one encounters of this style...but it makes it more of a statement. The ring feels very good and is true to size. Great quality! <end>  perfect present  This was a requested Christmas present by my girlfriend. She had purchased a similar trinity ring at a "Jewelry party". She is allergic to "Cheap"/Costume Jewelry, it all turns her skin green, even with the "Magical" Non-greening coating. So the ring had to be found in Sterling Silver and had to make it here by christmas. The ring was perfect. The size was right and exactly as described. Eve's Addiction has wonderful products and a fast shipping department. <end>  Perfect fit!  I bought this ring for my daughter as a graduation gift. Congratulations on her Bachelor's degree  ) It's made well; rings are perfect size; not thin or flimsy. She adores it and so do I  ) <end>  Quality  This is a quality product.I wear mine all the time; it hasn't tarnished and it hasn't turned my finger green. The piece is nice and subtle, but still gets noticed from time to time.I've always been a fan of rolling rings. They're fun and good to play with when you need to think. This one is nice and the rings aren't too big or small.Worth the price, in my opinion. <end>  Great!  I gave this ring to my girlfriend and she loves it! She has never taken it off, and is always playing with it. She would have liked it if it came in half sizes, but it still fits her very well. <end>  A gift  i got this ring as a gift from my boyfriend and i love it. the only thing is that if the rings are not position correctly it pinches the skin. <end>  I love this ring!  I wear this as a thumb ring and it's so fun! It easily swivels through the rings when you're playing with it, but stays in place when you're not. <end>  Love this ring!!  I owned a triple roll ring which each of the three rings slowly broke, so I purchased this which so far, none of the individual rings have broken yet. <end>
 B0009BAJT2  Sterling Silver Sevillana Ring ||	  Good quality for $32; This is the small version of the Sevillana  I have been eyeing the Sevillana ring for a few months ago, but I was scared to pull the trigger because of its very unique and bold design. When I saw this replica for sale for a fraction of the price, I thought it would be a good way to 'test drive' the jewelry before buying the real deal.I received the ring today, and I was impressed by the weight and look of the ring. You can barely tell it's a replica when its on my finger. However, there are 3 small differences that the buyer should be aware of 1. The inward facing parts of both the O and the band are hollow, unlike the real one which is a solid peice of silver. Of course, this is only noticable when the ring is off.2. There is no Tiffany stamp, but something illegible is stamped instead. It was probably supposed to be .925 but the numbers are all smeared together. I'm pretty confident it is real silver though only time will tell.2. The part where the band connects to the O is incorrect on both sides - On the real thing, one side of the ring's band turns into a swirl that never conncets to the O (there is a gap between the two). On the replica, the swirly and the O are connected.- On the other side of the real ring, the ring's band is "straight" (no swirly) and fully connects to the O. On the replica, there is a swirly that is connected to the O just like it is on the other side.These differences are minor and barely noticable once the ring is on. However, the ring is lacking the detail that the original one has, which is shown by the shortcuts taken to manufacture this peice. Overall, the quality is great for the price and I would recommend this to anyone that doesn't want to shell out the full amount for the real thing.However, I was quite disappointed when I received it because its not the ring I actually wanted. The Tiffany Sevillana comes in two sizes  large (the original) for $325 and the small for $275. I was expecting the large but the one that is for sale here is actually the smaller version. Shame on me for not reading and verifing the dimensions listed in the description. Can't really be upset here because its my own fault, but be aware of which ring you're actually going to buy!Overall, I am impressed with Eve's quality and price (and super fast shipping!) and I will definitely be browsing more items to 'test drive'.  )5 stars for the experience as a whole, and this will make a nice present for my little sister. <end>  Best $32 Spent!  One of my co-workers has this ring from Tiffany's. I loved it so much, but wasn't ready to spend $250 on it. Instead, I found this ring from Eve's Addication. The ring size guide makes it easy to determine, which size to select. The ring came in a small blue velvet bag and matching box. It is .925 sterling silver, which is the same quality of Tiffany jewelry. The back is hollow so it is not solid, which does not bother me because no one ever sees it. I actually compared my ring to my co-worker's and you couldn't tell much difference! Eves Addiction also included a pair of CZ princess cut earrings since my purchase was more than $75 and I received free shipping. This is the best $32 I have spent! <end>
 B0009D8FVE  Long Adjustable Sterling Silver Snake Garnet Ring Size 12(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Ok I guess  The product was shipped quickly and packed well, but I thought it would be heavier and have more detail. It reminds me more of the stuff you see at the corner quickstop gas/food type retailers, you know - like at a Circle K, 7-11 type store, sitting on the counter at the check out for $5.00. I'll wear it though occasionally. I do like garnets and snakes. <end>  Superb  I really like this ring. the stone is beautiful. The design of the snake is well done. I get compliments on it all the time. <end>  Looks good  It looks very good on a girl's hand. The price is very suitable to such ring. <end>  Not as pretty as the picture  i was in search of a nice serpent ring, i found this on amazon and it looks like just what i wanted. however, this picture is very deceiving (no pun intended - haha!)  the gem at the base of the serpents "head" on the actual ring is very dull and it sticks up too much, the "head" of the serpent DOES NOT look like a serpent head at all, it is just a bunch of swirly shapes in the form of an oval, and the color of the silver is NOT as bright and shiny as it looks in this picture - it looks more like lead than silver in my opinion.Also, the quality of the ring is VERY cheap, i could have paid $5 if i was bargaining for this ring. a very disappointing purchase overall. <end>  Awesome quality  The attention to detail is astounding. I discover something new about this ring every time I wear it. <end>  I love it!  This ring has a lot of detail, very beautiful. It's light weight so it's not heavy on the finger. <end>  not quite what I expected  now that i have the ring the picture makes sense, but it does not give an accurate impression of the ring. the face of the snake has a look similar to that of a chinese dragon. it has a very high level of detail, but was a bit lighter than i expected given the price. it fits wonderfully, and I am very happy with it, though it was not the snake image i originally believed it to be. As always with silver insanity, it shipped very quickly. They are excellent to order from. <end>  nice for the price!  this ring is very nice (for the price) it is a bit thin. but fits very nice once adjusted. and looks very nice once on.these guys do good work (keepin costs very low)remember SILVER IS EXPENSIVEkeep that in mind when you see the prices.they will give you the best quality they can for the price.yepsean <end>  a west virgina librarian  the shipping was very fast, but i was not at all pleased with the product.So i returned and was my money was promptly refunded. <end>  Silver Snake Garnet Ring  My fiance' loves it, and it came to me in less than a week after placing the order. That was a very pleasant surprise! <end>
 B0009DX5B4  Sterling Silver Box Link Venetian Bracelet ||	  Awesome bracelet  This bracelet is very pretty. It is large, but not overpowering. It is very durable and appropriate for many types of occasions. I highly recommend this if you are fond of the box link look. <end>
 B0009DZ7AQ  Mesh Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  very nice  Got this for my wife.She doesn't like yellow gold and usually gets white gold or platinum.I figured some silver would ease the expense and it looks good.It is constructed very well.The links are very even and it flexs well.You can see the joint where the ends meet, but that is typical. <end>
 B0009E0B60  Baroni White Pearl Dangle Earrings ||	  Great price, great product  After shopping at several sites for pearl drop earrings with silver accents, I finally looked on Amazon. I am glad I did! Baroni had exactly what I was looking for, and they were really affordable. I would definitely come back and shop for more Baroni jewelry. <end>
 B0009E66GE  Amazon.com  Nappa Leather Large Magnetic Money Clip  Kitchen &amp; Dining ||	  It Works  This is a functional item even though it took me a while to get used to the larger-sizeed money clip.n The qulaity is very good. <end>
 B0009E7BUE  FABERGE STYLE PENDANT ||	  The prettiest of little eggs  I am very pleased with this little egg. My only hope was that it would be a little bigger--the pendant is a little over a half an inch--but then again, there is something endearing about its size. The piece is unmatched in quality. I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves unique and finely detailed jewelry. <end>
 B0009EKA8O  Pugster Onyx & Cz Butterfly Gift Ring Fashion Jewelry ||	  Beautiful  Even more beautiful in person...looks smaller in person too but perfect. Can be worn just as shown or when adjusting the size, you can slightly twist the band to make the butterflies one higher then the other or just leave it like shown in the pic....either way - Gorgeous ring and excellent company! <end>
 B0009EKA8Y  Pugster Onyx & Butterflys Promise Ring - Sterling Silver Cz Engagement Rings ||	  Beautiful  Even more beautiful in person...looks smaller in person too but perfect. Can be worn just as shown or when adjusting the size, you can slightly twist the band to make the butterflies one higher then the other or just leave it like shown in the pic....either way - Gorgeous ring and excellent company! <end>
 B0009EMKPK  Pugster Hope Italian Charms ||	  Awesome product, awesome service!  I have made purchases from this seller many times and am always pleased with the product and happy with the turn-around time. I had a question about personalization and they emailed me right away to assist!!! <end>
 B0009ENE5A  Pugster Size 7 Oval Cz Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  NOT A GOOD PURCHASE  It is very pretty but the first day i wore it the large cz fell out.. <end>
 B0009EPBXI  Pugster White Black Stripe Slender Heart Pendant Earring Set ||	  pugster  I've ordered from Pugster before and I will do it again. Great quality and great delivery time!! <end>
 B0009EPSZO  Pugster Don't Start With Me... ||	  Itailiam Charm  I lvoe these classic wise sayings, unfortunatley the font size is so small. Would be nice for a scale to be next to the item to better give you a size perspective. <end>
 B0009EYJKE  Men's Titanium 8mm Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  Beautiful  Got this at Amazon for a great price. The design is by Edwatd Mirell whose collection of mens's jewelry is unrivaled (sp?). This bracelet sells at Michaels Jewelers at the Mall for $100.00 I'm getting some of his other designs here at Amazon. You won't regret it. It's an elegant but masculine bracelet. Happy Holiday's. <end>  Feels Good - Looks Great  The links between the H's are a shiny "silver" and the H's are a "steely" gray. The clasp looks like the other "silver" links so it blends in seamlessly. It's easy to find, though, since it's about twice the size of the regular links. I wear it every day. <end>  A real eye catcher  Nice manly looking bracelet. Receive many compliments when I wear it. Good choice to buy! <end>  Muy hermosa y elegante  Este es un lindo producto, hermoso y elegante, pero se raya muy facil. Igual me gusta y lo uso todos los dias, pero no creo que sea algo de muy larga duracion. <end>
 B0009EYJKO  Men's Titanium 10mm Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  Good bracelet  Nice dual finish titanium bracelet. Very light and durable. Dual finish obvious in daylight, subtle indoors. Not flashy, but manly. The only thing that would have made it better is if it were wider (not longer), but that is more of a personal preference. I still love it, especially since I got it as a very thoughtful gift. <end>  It looks nice for the $  I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend. He really liked it and is always getting compliments on it. I almost had to get the clasp replaced because it was so difficult to get off. Although with time it seems to be loosening up a bit. Overall I am happy with my purchase. The finish has stayed shiny and it looks as if it will last a long time. <end>  Great Product  I have had my bracelet for a couple of weeks. I read in a previous review that there was a problem with the clasp. I have not had a problem and the clasp is very easy to connect and disconnect. The bracelet is lightweight, but appears to be very durable. I've had several very positive comments from people that have noticed it on by wrist. <end>  OK  Like any stainless steel product that I have purchased, they all seem to scratch very easily. Just from wearing it one day, if I am at a computer and setting my wrists down on the desk, it will scratch it. Very disapointed in stainless steel in general. <end>
 B0009EYJKY  Men's Titanium 10mm Bracelet, 8" ||	  Mens Titanium Bracelet  I wasn't very happy with this purchase. It looked a little dingy and not as shiny as it did online. My husband seems to like it and wears it everyday. So, I guess that's all that matters. <end>  Wonderful, masculine bracelet  I got this as a gift for my boyfriend for our first Christmas together. He has the sort of body chemistry that makes most metal jewelry fall apart, so this titanium bracelet was perfect. He loves it and it looks sexy too. <end>  Very nice product  This is the type of item that gets either an A or an F. Everybody who sees it is impressed by it. It gets an A. <end>  Lost on vacation  I love the look of the bracelet,but the clasp did not close rigth so i lost it. Iwas very dissapiontedYour turly Alan Rosario <end>
 B0009EYJLI  Men's Titanium Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  Looks great and very lightweight  I still give it 5 stars for quality. Do not be misled by the chinsy box and packaging it is shipped in. I recommend opening it up and repacking it when gift-giving. The packaging is very practical and damage-resistant. I did have to take the bracelet in to get shortened. I measured another bracelet I had and this one is longer. I get many compliments on it. <end>  No Fronting  The 1st rule of this bracelet is you do NOT talk about this bracelet.The 2nd rule of this bracelet is you do NOT! talk about this bracelet.In Mother Russia......this bracelet wears YOU! <end>
 B0009FVNMK  Amber earrings, 'Dolphin Games' ||	  quickest shipping  Beautiful earrings and the quickest shipping ever. Great people to do business with. <end>
 B0009G14XM  Pearl brooch, 'Silver Bouquet' ||	  dedjad  I got this for my sister for her birthday, it is beautiful. She has worn it to church almost every Sunday. I'm sure she will enjoy it for years to come. <end>
 B0009G2WSI  Moonstone necklace, 'Moon Blossoms' ||	  Wonderful Gift  I ordered the moon blossoms as a gift for my girlfriend and she absolutely adores it. It is one of her birthstones, and it turned out to be gorgeous. The handwritten postcard was an added treat! Definitely a great choice-- <end>
 B0009GGZOK  Sterling Silver Multi-Circle Pendant, 16" ||	  I hope it's just me...  When I pulled this necklace out of the pouch, I turned it over because I thought I was looking at the wrong side...I wasn't. The idea is nice, but the execution falls short. You can clearly see the differences in the smaller circles. Perhaps if you are into that "industrial" look, this necklace is for you. If you are looking for a classy piece of jewelry, this is not it. See my customer image for more details. <end>  Poorly executed design  I agree with Celeste...this pendant is not well made and appears to be unfinished. Her pictures are far more accurate than the Amazon views. I didn't pay much for it, so won't bother to send it back. Luckily, it's a Christmas stocking stuffer for my niece and she likes the "industrial" look, so maybe she'll think it's supposed to look like this! <end>
 B0009GH04Y  Sterling Silver Hammered Cuff Bracelet ||	  Pretty piece of jewelry.  I love this bracelet. Very nice to add to your collection if you are a fan of hammered silver like I am. It's very good quality and a nice simple bracelet you can wear everyday. <end>
 B0009GH06C  Sterling Silver and Cubic Zirconia Heart Pendant, 16" ||	  Good buy for the price  I recieved this necklace in December and wear it all the time. I really like it as an "everyday" necklace. The only complaint I have is it seems to be tarnishing but I suppose that can be cleaned. Great necklace for the price! <end>  Very beautiful but very fragile  This necklace is as beautiful as first seen on the picture..but the chain is a bit more fragile than what expected. I changed the chain with one of my old necklaces...so i happy with it. It was a good buy otherwise. <end>
 B0009GH094  Sterling Silver Inspirational Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Extremely disappointed.  This is a beautiful and well made piece, but when they describe this pendant as large and polished they are not exaggerating. The heart is extremely large and heavy, measuring over 1 1/2 inches wide and 1 inch tall. It weighs very heavily on the delicate chain. At this size, the finish is way too shiny and reflective. Perhaps if on a thicker chain, or even a shorter chain, the pendant would not weigh down and pull as much. This is definitely not a piece for every day wear, which is what I was looking for.This necklace is gorgeous, and I love the message, but I don't want to spend more money and time trying to find an appropriate chain and I'd rather wear something not so large.If you're looking for something like this, and also don't want an extremely large piece, check out the "Far Fetched" line by "Something Silver". <end>
 B0009GH0KS  Sterling Silver Aqua Cat's Eye Pendant, 16" ||	  Looks better in the picture!  The pendant is very tiny and the chain is incredibly cheap. Don't buy this! <end>  Beautiful in Blue  I have thePinkversion of this necklace, and was thrilled to find a blue version offered. Since I have a similar necklace, I knew what to expect in terms of size, but otherwise I would have thought this necklace was smaller than I would have pictured it. (This is one of the few necklaces that Amazon does not list any sizing information for.) The photo does not do justice to the luster and shine of the necklace. The cat's eye is vibrant and beautiful, especially when the light catches the stone. <end>
 B0009GH0XA  Sterling Silver and Amethyst Round Drop Earrings ||	  not so good  this was very small and disappointing!materialwise- certainly not silver as i have alergoes that flared up & that woul not happen with pure silver! <end>  round drop amethyst  Elegant amethyst earrings in Sterling Silver. Shipped FAST!! Very lovely. <end>
 B0009HAQKS  Sterling Silver Vitrail Medium Crystal Threader Ear Wire String Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  fp  Enchanting excellent way to describe. Crystal just glows. Light weight. Easy to put in and stays in place. <end>  perfect for gifts  These earrings are exactly what was ordered. They are another gift for the grand daughter and she will love them I am sure. <end>
 B0009HIJA2  Swarovski Passion Pink Teardrop Dangle Belly Chain ||	  GREAT way to utilize a belly piercing!  This really spices up the look of your belly ring. Takes it to a whole new level. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a unique and elegant belly chain. <end>
 B0009HKFYU  Crystalline Dolphin Charm Dangle Belly Chain ||	  Very fragile  As soon as I put it on, it broke. I tried to fix it since they don't accept returns once you put it on. 3 charms fell off and it broke again, so I threw it away. <end>
 B0009I6I4K  JJ Weston silver plated London Underground cufflinks with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  Great gift for Britain fans!  These are great! I bought them to replace some that my boyfriend lost after he bought them in Britain. They aren't exactly the same but he loves them just as much!Thanks! <end>
 B0009I81FE  Sterling Silver Romantic 12mm Clear Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful Swarovski crystal earrings  These crystal earrings are beautiful. The crystal sparkles and picks up the light and color. They are just the right size. I've looked for crystal in the department stores, but not much of a selection. Very nice earrings. <end>  Light-catching Sparkle  A friend of mine wanted to have "something that caught the light" like diamonds, but not being on a diamond budget I took a chance on these earrings. Also, my a coworker wore green Swarovski crystal earrings one day, and they were quite remarkable. My friend loved the earrings and wore them on New Year's Eve, getting many compliments from people she'd never met. <end>
 B0009IBVWO  JJ Weston gold plated and etched onyx Medical cufflinks with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  Nice Cufflinks  I bought these for my brother-in-law for Christmas. When I received them I was very pleased with the quality of the product, as well as the packaging of the item. I know he will like these. <end>
 B0009IBVWY  JJ Weston gold plated Mercury dime cufflinks with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  Wow..what a show off  cuff look better in person..with the two tone style youcan wear them with gold or silver jewerly.Well worth the Buy.. <end>
 B0009IIAAK  Black Recycled Glass and Silver Bead Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bracelet!!!  I've had this bracelet for a week and I absolutely love it. It lays on my wrist well and is really easy to use the sterling silver hook to put it on and take it off. I've searched here on Amazon for this type of bracelet as well as ebay, Overstock, and various on-line sites and this is by far the best bracelet and at the best price. It shipped out quickly and the sellers sent me another bracelet with the one I ordered as a free gift. <end>  Sweet Bracelet  Love this bracelet, and I get tons of compliments on it. It's a great bracelet for casual wear ( I work in retail and wear it all the time ) - the beads and glass roll smoothly on my wrist and the bracelet never gets in the way of my work. <end>
 B0009IR3HQ  Diamond Cubic Zirconia Dragonfly Brooch in Sterling Silver ||	  Dragonfly pin  I am very pleased with the quality of craftsmanship--it is even prettier than it looked in the picture. Shipping was prompt as well. <end>
 B0009IR3IA  Sterling Silver Diamond Cubic Zirconia Lizard Pin ||	  Pretty pin  This is a nicely crafted silver pin with the cubic zirconia adding sparkle in a sophisticated way. I like the red eyes they add a little visual interest. <end>
 B0009J4DCI  10mm Sterling Silver Bead Necklace ||	  Great sterling silver necklace  Beautiful necklace but needs stronger, longer chain. I took some of the beads off and put them on a pair of large, hoop earrings. Very vogue and creative look! <end>
 B0009J6CFE  Sterling Silver Heart Tag Necklace ||	  Beautiful necklace.  this is a beautiful peice. the chain is not too chunky. The only reason i did not give 5 was that i thought the pendant looked a smidge thin. Not enough to detract from the overall look, but if it would have been a hair thicker it would have been better <end>
 B0009JASYA  Sterling Silver Bubbles Pendant ||	  great pendant  Order arrived in 3 days. Beautiful pendant, even nicer in person. Chain could be higher quality, but hey it came free. I will definatly order from them again. <end>
 B0009JCJ0G  Heavy Gauge Silver Heart Tag Necklace ||	  Still looking GOOD!  Gee, can't remember how many years ago I ordered this necklace for my daughter for Christmas...at least 3 or 4 years ago. Noticed she was wearing this necklace just recently and it still looks awesome! <end>
 B0009JCJ1K  Eternal Circle Sterling Silver Necklace ||	  Eternal Circle Necklace  Such a cute piece! You can dress it up or dress it down. I wear it almost every day. Nice fit and great compliments. Also customer service was great at helping me pick out something like what i was looking for and I received my package very quickly. <end>  CHEAP! Imitation  I just received this item and am sorely disappointed. The circle is a hollow shell and the necklace is too short and it just has terrible design. Don't waste your money! Look on overstock. <end>
 B0009JCJR4  Sterling Silver Lock Pendant on Chain Length 18 inches (Lengths 16 inches 18 inches 20 inches Available) ||	  A solid product  I love this necklace; it's one of those staple pieces that I can mix & match with for any of my casual outfits.It doesn't tarnish, and has a lovely weight to it (which is good, since the lock actually opens haha).The one thing I don't like is that it does not sit flat against one's skin. Given that it hangs directly off the chain, and that the pendant has a slight curve, it is to be expected though. <end>
 B0009JEC1K  Cute Stretchy Picture Jasper Bracelet ||	  Love Jasper stone!  If you like an earthy tone Jasper, this is it! It is a nice polished piece that is very neutral. I guess that is why they lore says that it is a stone that helps keep you "grounded". (Groan!!) Anyway, you will like the natural color of this stone. <end>
 B0009JHWG2  Cute Stretchy Peach Aventurine Bracelet ||	  satisfied  Arrived in timely manner and in good condition. I like the design and it's comfortable to wear. I like the color also <end>  Great value and color!  I bought this bracelet not really knowing what peach adventurine was. It is the color of a sunset! Lighter than carnelian, but not washed out at all. Not opaque, kind of transparent. The elastic is the heavy kind, not tooo stretchy, will hold its shape. Very nice, I'm happy with it! <end>
 B0009JOCCE  Emerald & Baguette Cut Cubic Zirconia Engagement Ring ||	  Very nice...  I've been looking for an emerald cut CZ ring for a long time. This ring doesn't disappoint. The middle stone is a tad large, but not garish.There are 2 emerald cut CZs on each side of the center stone. It looks much better in person than in does in the photo! <end>
 B0009K94IU  Western Embossed Black Leather Cuff Bracelet ||	  A+  I found this bracelet at Amazon, and I purchased it for my best girlfriend's birthday. She really, really liked it. So while I haven't seen it in person, I have to say it must be really fantastic -- she notes how well she likes it all the time, and it wasn't the only bracelet I gave her that birthday ) <end>
 B0009KMX6U  Titanium Purple Barbell 14 gauge by 5/8" ||	  Great jewelry  Good durable materials that don't irritate my skin like most metals  ) I have been wearing these for over 6 months and have noticed no degrading of the metal. <end>
 B0009KMX8I  Purple Titanium Double Jeweled Navel Bar with Crystal Stones 14 guage by 3/8" ||	  One of the cutest I own  Although I did not buy from Body Shock, I bought this from another site. I absolutely love this navel ring. The jewel in the middle "pops" against the metallic purple. I wear this when my dangles either break or get too heavy, and when I want to wear something a little out of the ordinary from the standard silver bar and gem. <end>
 B0009KNC0G  14k Yellow Gold Pink Freshwater Cultured Pearl Threader Earrings ||	  Classic earrings, unbeatable price  Unlike most threader earrings that don't have a u-shaped "horseshoe" in the middle, these actually give you a very nice place to position the earrings. And for the price these really can't be beaten! <end>
 B0009KNC10  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Freshwater Cultured Pearl Children's Earrings ||	  very very cute !!  The item description is very precise. The quality of the pearls is decent. The size is accurate (3 mm = 0.12 inches !!), and the earrings really very very cute - a lovely contrast particularly with dark hair. Anyone who has been hunting around for earrings with pearls this tiny size will know how hard it can be to find them. And for this prize, they are an absolute gem !The only drawback is the fact that the screw-back does not quite work. The earrings are so delicate, the winding even more so that trying to screw the clasp on is extremely tricky. Alternatively, the clasp can just be pushed onto the stud - which works well. Just don't count on the fact that the clasp will never come off. It sits as tight as an ordinary stud, but it does not lock as safely as a sturdy screw-on.In my opinion though, in the latter, the stud is usually so thick and the winding so distinct that it really hurts putting them on, and it is often impossible to insert them into small earlobes / holes.Hence I think the earrings offered here are perfect! <end>  Exactly what I wanted!  3mm is small. This was a perfect size for my second and third holes higher up on my ear. I usually wear very small gemstone studs or ball studs but I really wanted pearls for when I wear pearl necklaces but I had never been able to find any small enough. I got 2 pairs for when I want all four earrings to be the same size but I can also pair them with a 'normal' pearl earring that is 6mm. The nacre is a very nice quality and the shape is very round, not flat or misshapen at all. The threaded post is also a great security feature.For those not familiar with millimeters, please look at a ruler to see what 3mm is. <end>  Very cute but putting it on is not easy  I bought this for my pre-school daughter. The pearls look perfect and symmetric. However the screws are not very easy to use. You have to play with it to secure it correctly and my daughter gets distracted in this process. I still love it and would recommend it. <end>  it's ok  These earrings are like microscopically small (trust me, they are very SMALL = -1 star)! When i first received it, I was very surprise that there's even pearls that small exists,and these are cultured??? (How was that even possible is beyond me! But since these are for my 2 year old niece, i guess these earrings will do!)Seriously, these pearls are not worth as much as the listed price said at all, I actually got my on sale for only $15, i guess i got a good deal. (Though one thing i don't like about these earrings are the back screw are so hard to put on (especially on a 2 year old who wouldn't stop moving around, it was very annoying actually! = -1 star) <end>  shimmering pearls  The product was of excellent quality. It's hard to tell size when ordering from the internet and the earrings were just a little smaller than I thought they would be. It didn't really matter as my granddaughter loved them and wears them proudly. <end>  Earrings Not What I expected  I purchased this pair of earrings for my 5 year-old granddaughter to wear as the flower girl in my niece's wedding. When the purchase arrived, they were too small for my granddaughter. Therefore I had to return them. <end>
 B0009KNC1U  Sterling Silver Pink Freshwater Cultured Pearl Station Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  GIFT  GREAT GIFT IDEA FOR ANY WOMAN WHO IS INTRESTED IN HAVING ANY JEWLERY IN PEARLS, AND LOVES THE COLOR PINK. GREAT COMBINATION WITH "STERLING SILVER PINK FRESHWATER CULTURED PEARL DROP EARRINGS"....HIGHLY RECOMENDED <end>  Very fine  I bought this piece for my girlfriend and she loves it. She's a big fan of pearls so it's perfect for her. The bracelet sits nicely on her wrist and is not too tight or too loose. I'm very pleased with this purchase. <end>  Pretty bracelet, but...  I just got this bracelet for Christmas. I have small wrists so it fits great, most bracelets are just too big for me. There are no sharp edges at all on the bracelet so it's great for wearing all the time, it won't catch on clothes or scratch my babies. The reason I only gave it 2 stars is that the pearls are not pink, they are peach. I got the matching earrings & necklace which both have PINK pearls so hopefully Amazon will exchange this bracelet so my new jewelry will match. <end>  Not quite as pretty in person.  It almost looks fake in person, I bought it as a gift, but I don't know that I would buy one again. <end>  Pretty.  I bought this for my mother for Christmas. She loves it. I even want to borrow it from her sometimes. It's very cute. I think it looks exactly the same in person as it does in the picture. The pearl "stations" however, loosened up a bit. So some of the pearls now move around just slightly. <end>  Simple and beautiful  I bought this as a gift for my friend who loves pink. She loved it. It is nicely made, has a very simple design, and is small enough for those with small wrists. It doesn't feel heavy, but it's just a silver chain and 6 pink pearls so I guess it shouldn't. <end>  Not for an average size adult female  I bought this bracelet with the intention of giving it to my 23 year old daughter. When I received it, I felt it was more for a young teenager. It is small for the average woman's wrist. The quality was disappointing.I thought it would be a more classic bracelet. Too young on an adults wrist <end>  Great gift  looks like a quallity item and she was happy so mission accomplished what more can you say. <end>  Great Gift  I bought this item as a gift for my girlfriend at Christmas and I got it a week early and my girlfriend and she loved it. So i would recommend this for anyone who is on a budget and wants something nice. <end>  Cultured Pearll Bracelet  I found this to be a very lovely trinket for my Girlfriend's birthday. <end>  very good  It is exactly the same as the picture. In the sunshine it is very beautiful. Good choice. <end>
 B0009KNC7Y  Sterling Silver Scoop Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Nice little piece  This is a nice little necklace. It's not exactly fine jewellry, but it's nice enough. The chain hasn't broken yet, and is a nice length. My wife liked it! <end>  Really nice  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this product. It's attractive and as I said the quality for the price is excellent. <end>  Chain might be too long  I like this necklace, I wear it all the time. I wish I would have gotten a shorter chain though because on me it falls right where most of my necklines do, so it gets hidden a lot. <end>  A good value  The piece was heavier than I thought. The scale is for an adult or a young adult. Too big for children under 8 years of age. <end>  Looks like the picture  My wife loved it. She says it's a lovely item. It's quite heavy so it has a good feel to it. The chain is a little thin. Bought it at a discount so it's really value for money. <end>
 B0009MD574  14K White Gold 4 mm Square CZ Stud Earrings Basket Set 3/4 Carat Size ||	  Great metal!  I purchased these studs because I have sensitive ears and can only wear earrings made of gold for more than a few hours. I like wearing studs daily, and I like to shower and sleep in them. These don't bother me at all and I wear them 24/7. The backings are also the small sized kind, which I prefer. I have had earrings with backings that stay in place extremely well and almost click into place, however these are not that secure. I would say they are more of the kind earrings typically come with instead. Overall, great product. <end>  Lovely little earrings  They're just the right size if you want something unobtrusive but classy. I love them. <end>
 B0009MD5V0  14K White Gold 3 mm CZ Stud Earrings Brilliant Cut Basket Set 1/5 Carat Size ||	  Well  The earrings themselves were exactly what I was looking for in terms of size. The studs are rather small and look cute. One problem I do have with them is that the post isn't dead center in the back and instead is sort of off in a corner on the back of the setting. Not a huge problem, but was a bit disappointed as I wanted earrings that were centered. They look great on your ears, but still just like for things to be centered. Great buy for the price though. The crystal looks brilliant and the white gold has a very nice clean color to it. <end>  Great small earrings!  I bought these earrings because 1. I have a metal allergy and find that 14K gold works best for me. I have worn these earrings daily for several weeks now without a single problem. This is unusual for me and I am really happy about it.2. My theory is that if you buy small CZ studs, people will assume they are actually diamonds, because most buyers choose either small diamonds or large CZ. Also, the smaller the CZ, the less obvious it is to the untrained eye whether it's a diamond or CZ. These earrings are small enough for my purposes, and also very comfortable for everyday wear. I don't worry so much about losing them because I know it won't cost an arm and a leg to replace them. I love them and would buy them again if I lost one of this pair. <end>
 B0009MK98M  14K Gold 5 mm CZ Stud Earrings Brilliant Cut Basket Set 1 Carat Size ||	  SPARKLE AND SHINE  I bought these earrings as a gift. Day after day the shine remains. They have not dulled. I have been very happy with my purchase. Thank you. <end>  Not a quality product  I just bought these earrings and noticed as soon as I opened them that the backs did not fit closely. And I was right within a week I have already lost one of the earrings, and the gold posts are VERY thin and one of mine was already bent when I received the earrings. Overall a waste of money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  I am SOOO happy that I took a chance on these earrings. They are just beautiful -- incredible sparkle and believable size. I think I'll give them as Christmas gifts this year and maybe buy myself another pair! <end>  The perfect "IMPOSTER"  These are lovely. The are BELIEVABLE and even better is they are 14KT. Couldn't be more pleased!! <end>
 B0009MK9ZA  14K White Gold 5 mm CZ Stud Earrings Brilliant Cut Basket Set 1 Carat Size ||	  Absolutely brilliant  I bought these for my teenage daughter. They're the perfect size; white gold is great for sensitive ears; and she loves them. 'Nuff said. <end>  Nice Earrings  These earrings look just like the picture. I wear these every day and havent had any problems. The posts bend easily, I wouldnt reccomend sleeping with them in. Other than that they are great! <end>  confussed  if the zirconia was any smaller i would have lost it in the box, they should show you a true to life picture so that you could decide the size you want. <end>  1/2 ct. each, 5mm cz studs  Xlnt price and very pretty. My wife only likes real diamoonds, but I suggested that until we had the money to try these. She really loves them and wears them regularly. They are not obnoxious and look very classy. I believe going up to a 7-8mm would also work. Having 1/2 and 3/4 carat, depending on the situation, would be nice. OK, maybe even 1 carat would work, but anything bigger, people might ask questions or mug my wife. Update - It is October 2012 and they are still as pretty as when I first purchased them. Fantastic product for the price. Still saving for the real McCoys, kinda. <end>  Not bad for the price  I bought these earrings for my fianc&eacute;e to replace a lost set of real diamond earrings. They looked outstanding!! She was very happy. A few days later, the back fell off of one, we repaired it, then a day later the other one fell out completely. Be careful with these, they fall out easy. <end>
 B0009NUGR0  Stylish Genuine Pink Agate Band Gemstone Ring Size 5 ||	  Pink Agate Band  This is a beautiful colored ring with natural variations of pink throughout. You will be hard pressed to decide which part to place on top of your hand! The jewelry arrives well packaged and safe. <end>  got it quick and the ring was the right size  I got the ring before the date told. it came in a pretty little box. it was the right color and size <end>  PINK AGATE BAND  PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IT WAS PACKAGED VERY NICE AND SAFE AND IT IS A VERY NICE RING. <end>  The real color of this is not this subtle. It is very plain light pink and clear. Even it looks like and feels like plastic.  The real color of this is not subtle shown in the picture. It is very plain light pink and almost clear. Even it looks like and feels like plastic. <end>  Beautiful ring that arrived in quickly!  The ring arrived in a pretty box and it was more than what I was hoping for! It arrived to my house very quickly. Thank you! <end>
 B0009O8MKC  14K Star & Colored Hearts Necklace With 14K Yellow Gold 16" Chain ||	  Collier exquis !  J'aime ce collier. C'est beau. C'&eacute;tait un cadeau d'anniversaire de mon mari et je le ch&eacute;ris. <end>
 B0009ON4QE  Sterling Silver Toering Plain Polished Toe Ring ||	  WOW!  This piece of jewelry was a very good choice. I must say so myself. It was beautiful when I took out of the bag. Even more appealing when I put it on my toe. <end>  Simple, But Nice, Toe Ring  This is a really nice, simple toe ring that I purchased two of back in 2007 for my girlfriend at the time. I like wider ones like this because they show up better, but they're understated. I was pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B0009OTRGK  CZ WEDDING RINGS - Sterling Silver Vintage Art Deco Cubic Zirconia Wedding Set ||	  Very happy  It's beautiful in person but my favorite part is that I've never seen anyone else with anything similar. It's very unique and the design is lovely. At first it did take time to get used to, it sits higher than I expected. But now I can't imagine not wearing it and I do wear it every day. <end>  sent it back  I sent it back because although gorgeous, i like my rings to be bigger, sit higher. This was beautiful for the petite girls just getting their first bridal set.. <end>
 B0009P6OH4  Southwestern Style Animal Track ( Raccoon, Moose, Mountain Lion, Coyote, Beaver, Gray Wolf and Bear ) Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 8, #11873 ||	  beautiful  This ring is just exactly as it's pictured, and simply gorgeous -- and Taos Trading's customer service  fantastic. Highly recommended. . . . <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love this ring... I love wildlife especially wolves and to have their tracks in turquoise on a beautiful sterling silver ring is awesome. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>
 B0009PAY2U  Titanium Aztec Gold Jeweled Navel Bar with a Vitrial Light Swarovski stone in 14 gauge by 3/8" ||	  Titanium aztec gold Jeweled navel bar with swarovski stone  Titanium Aztec Gold Jeweled Navel Bar with a Vitrial Light Swarovski stone in 14 gauge by 3/8"This product is beautiful!Love it! <end>
 B0009PO5Z2  Sterling Silver Amethyst CZ Ring with CZ Design ||	  Beautiful, stunning silver and amethyst ring  I ordered this for my daughter's birthday. It is a deep purple with stunning cz's and silverwork. She loves the ring and so do I. It looks better than the picture. It doesn't look cheap and I wouldn't mind having one myself. I do believe it would be too large for a smaller hand. Perfect for medium to larger hands. Eve's Addiction is a great company for jewelry. I like their products and they are reasonable. I like their prices and they provide fast shipping and velvet bags and nice boxes. I recommend them and this ring. <end>  Gorgeous!  I ordered this ring on Monday and received it by Thursday of the same week. Ring looked better than the picture, I absolutely loved it! It has a real vintage flare to it. I was very happy with the quality of Eve's Addiction. <end>  Its just So Big!  Its my own fault that I didn't read the details of the ring more carefully before buying. I learned a good lesson too. i won't buy jewelry online anymore. Its a pretty ring, don't get me wrong, but its huge! I'm tall (5'9") and have really big hands, so I like the stones on my rings on the bigger side, but this stone is much bigger than I'd prefer. The color of the stone is nice though, just like in the picture. I like that its a different shade of purple compared to the other rings, which all seem to be the same shade. This color is a little more wine colored. I have no problems with the company that I bought this ring from, I'm just mad at myself for buying it without knowing how big it truly is. If you like big rings, you will love this ring! <end>  Simply Beautiful!  $42.00 for an Amethyst ring? I thought for sure it would be a little on the cheap flimsy side. I'm happy to report I was 100% wrong in that assumption!This ring it gorgeous!Like another reviewer said, it probably would be a little large for someone with smaller hands. I have large hands with long fingers and it looks great (I think).I will definitely purchase more jewelry from Eve's Addiction! <end>  Worth the wait  I had to have an item returned for it was the wrong thing, but once i got my ring - it was worth the wait, in quality. Thank you! <end>
 B0009PRSUG  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Cross Hook Dangle Earrings ||	  Great product- great service  I had purchased this item and wnother through Amazon and was mildly syrprised to be actually dealing with a company called Silver Insanity. They truned out to be wonderful showing their class by re-sending the package after the post office blew the first attempt at delievery. They quickly got word to me by email and the earrings were in my hands in time to give them as a gift. I Highly recomend these folks! <end>  celtic cross earings  These earings by Silver Insanity were good quality and wonderful! The company shipped them quickly and I would definately buy fromthem again. <end>
 B0009PW26Q  Silver Tone Green Crystal Wings Fairy Charm Bracelet ||	  Think stainless steel  I bought this fairy bracelet because my niece loves Tinkerbell. I loved the fact that the fairy has a kind of stone on the wings. So I bought one of each, a fairy with red wings, green, blue, well you get the idea. I regret buying them because the actual bracelet feels and looks like stainless steel instead of having a silver look. It reminds me of something that you can buy at a hardware store. Do yourself a favor and pass this one up. Bottom line- cute concept but poorly made. <end>  Daughter disappointed, broke after 2 days  My daughter bought this and even wrote a letter to the company it did not even last for 2 days. Very Disappointed. <end>  You live and you learn  Well this is the first thing that I bought off of Amazon and I can say I was honestly unsatisfied. This really seemed to be cute and I thought it would be a great Christmas gift fo my daughter. Well it broke the same day she got it. Thanks a lot........ <end>  Not so good  This item started losing the gems after two wearings and the charm broke the third time. <end>
 B0009PW29S  Silver Tone Lucky Charm Horseshoe 7" Stretch Bracelet ||	  Beautiful  I recieved this as a Christmas gift this year, and I just love this bracelet! It is silver horseshoe, and it is lightweight and comfortable. It also stretches, so it will fit any wrist size. The bracelet can be worn with something more fancy or can be worn with a casual outfit. And the best thing is that it is a bargain! If you love horses, you should buy this bracelet. <end>
 B0009R31SM  Cute Stretchy Crazy Lace Agate Bracelet ||	  Great deal!  This is a great bracelet at a great price! Love the natural stone & various colors. Stretchy, so of course very easy to throw on in a rush in the morning. I would have in every color if I didn't think people would notice! <end>  Great Buy!  This is my favorite of all these bracelets I have bought,very neutral. Goes with greys creams tans any earth color. Highly recommend! Mine does not have the orangy color that appears in this picture! Have seen this bracelet on other web sites for ten dollars! <end>  Very nice & neutral color bracelet!  Goes well for the summer with earth tones. Very natural and neutral. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet, Beautiful Price  The crazy Lace Agate Bracelet by "Cute Stretchy Gems" is just that, crazy and lacey. The colors are light tans, creams, greys, and white in good examples of the patterns that gave the agate it's name. It fits a 7" wrist comfortably <end>
 B0009REUQE  Small Studs 4x6mm Oval Genuine Sky Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Post Earrings ||	  Very nice earrings  Very attractive earrings. They were a gift for someone and they came in a nice little box. They were as described and arrived in a timely manner. Much nicer than I tought they would be. <end>
 B0009REUQY  Vintage Style Sterling Silver and Marcasite Heart Cross Pendant ||	  Love It  Every chance I get to wear this pendant I take it. Every event I wear it to, I get countless compliments on its beauty. Its beauty by far foreshadows the fact that it's so affordable. By far the absolute best purchase I've ever made. <end>
 B0009RJD48  Sterling Silver Loop Pearl Ring - 6 ||	  pearl ring  I love this ring! Classy and elegant but casual enough to wear whenver! Received my package very quickly and the prices were great. I am definitely going to order again. <end>  Cool but Fake  I bought this ring for my girlfriend and she likes it a lot but she realized that the pearl is fake! It failed the tooth scratch test and it looks like shiny paint or some shiny thin layer is being scratched off the surface. If it is real its been sprayed with something to make it shinnier. <end>
 B0009S54QI  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets fine 0.9mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  SUCKS! Broke in 1 week!  Save your money. The chain snapped in one week after light wear. Not the clasp either, the whole chain. Do not buy!!! <end>  This One Is A Keeper  As I do not care for gold necklaces, I always choose fine silver and this snake necklace is delicate, dainty, the right size, 20" and besides it looks fabulous around my neck no matter what pendant I put on it. I usuallly don't like snake chains but this one is a definite keeper and I wear it all the time. Love it. Thanks Amazon.com, you bring us the best products. <end>  Thin Italian Snake Chain  The most comfortable chain that I have ever worn. It is very light weight and does not stick or itch in hot and humid weather like some other chains that I have worn. <end>
 B0009S5R3I  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets fine 0.9mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  SUCKS! Broke in 1 week!  Save your money. The chain snapped in one week after light wear. Not the clasp either, the whole chain. Do not buy!!! <end>  This One Is A Keeper  As I do not care for gold necklaces, I always choose fine silver and this snake necklace is delicate, dainty, the right size, 20" and besides it looks fabulous around my neck no matter what pendant I put on it. I usuallly don't like snake chains but this one is a definite keeper and I wear it all the time. Love it. Thanks Amazon.com, you bring us the best products. <end>  Thin Italian Snake Chain  The most comfortable chain that I have ever worn. It is very light weight and does not stick or itch in hot and humid weather like some other chains that I have worn. <end>
 B0009SXBK4  Sterling Silver Dangling Stars Anklet ||	  Disappointed  beautiful product, came when I expected, but wife and I are disappointed....way too small to be an anklet (and my wife is little, except where it counts!) won't make it around her ankle... very disappointed that this is advertised as an anklet... <end>
 B0009UCQ8A  Kristis Chandelier Cubic Zirconia Necklace ||	  Pretty but not realistic looking  I bought this necklace to wear on my wedding day and it just didn't quite work for me. I think the 3 dangles on the bottom are just a bit too much and make the whole thing unrealistic looking. <end>
 B0009V2XDW  Sterling Spanish Lace Ring ||	  Very Pretty  This was much nicer than I imagined it might be upon ordering. If you prefer understated, simple rings- with no stones to worry about falling out or catching on clothes or other things, this ring fits that bill- without sacrificing detail and interest. It lays flush with the finger, and is finished exceptionaly well, and I have not had any issues wearing it. It is a bit wider than stated, and as such, it is slighly larger in scale than anticipated, but it is so nicley done and well sized. Also, I know this seller has good customer service, and will size the ring if you contact them. The only other thing I can think of to mention is that there is about a 1/3 inch smooth undetailed underside to this ring that the picture does not show, nor does the product info mention; but this is what would allow to resize. (or engrave if desired) Good buy at this price from a great seller. So glad to see them on Amazon! <end>
 B0009VQ1R6  Sterling Silver Pentacle Poison Locket Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Daughter loves it  Bought this for my teen daughter and she's happy with it  ) (No, she's not one of those vampire weirdos lol.) <end>
 B0009WFVCG  Graduation Cap Charm - C2229 ||	  Perfect Gift  I bought this charm to celebrate my Masters Degree.I was thoroughly happy with the craftmanship,the details and the way the charm moves freelyon my charm bracelet. <end>
 B0009WWDJ0  Sterling Silver Ear Threader Needleback Earrings with Curved Bars and Ball Drops ||	  Sterling Silver Ear Threader Needleback Earrings with Curved Bars and Ball Drop  I received the item in a timely fashion. I'm a little discouraged, though, that the earrings don't stay in place very well. I am afraid to wear them for fear they will slip out of my ears. <end>  What a fun pair of earrings...  I love these earrings. I have gotten a ton of compliments on them. I am thinking of buying another pair to wear in my second holes. They are lightweight but substantial. <end>  They Look Okay  They look okay, about what you would expect for the price. What I personally didn't like was that the chain part is sort of stiff and thick in my ear holes. Some people may have bigger piercings than I have and not find that a problem. <end>  Classy earrings!!  These earrings look classy!! Great price - very light and shiny!!They can be worn day or night!! Love 'em! cmac <end>
 B0009X1NWC  Peridot Shamrock Locket Necklace (length  18") ||	  Heavy weight, and very thick  The locket is a lot thicker than the pictures made it out to be. The chain is quite delicate for such a heavy locket. Design is very appealing, but the thickness and weight take somewhat away from it's appearance. <end>
 B0009X5ZMQ  Handcrafted Sterling Silver Rose Quartz Drop and Amethyst Center Secret Box Poison Pendant ||	  So beautiful!  It looked nice in the photo, but it's just amazing. It looks like something out of a film, like Lord of the Rings  some sort of antique with mystical powers. The box rattles a bit, but since it has a safety lock, there's no worry about losing what's inside. <end>
 B0009XJNVU  Italian Horn, Charm - 14kt GoldSE1399 ||	  Italian horn pendant  Not at all what I expected for the price. Was hollow and had seam in it. It looked like something you would get out of a cracker jack box, and the price of $70 was WAY!!!!! too much for this product. <end>
 B0009Y4TCW  Sterling Silver Medieval BLUE LAPIS Armor Ring size 5.5 ||	  Great design  This is a beautiful ring, with a unique design. It's also very comfortable. Unfortunately, the metal is a bit on the thin side; mine got a dent on the side somehow one day. I still wear it though, since it's textured anyway the damage isn't that noticeable. In short, I still recommend it! <end>  Pretty and Affordable  This is a lovely little ring that fits comfortably and looks nice without totally flattening your wallet. The only issue I had with it is that the ring itself is rather malleable, and somewhat prone to denting. On the whole, however, I am quite pleased and would recommend this item to anyone. <end>
 B0009YT10W  Earrings - E104 - Crystal Circles (3/4") ~ Peridot Green ||	  Pretty, light and colorful  These are so nice and comfortable, light, and they look expensive. I wear them with anything that has spring colors and they bring the colors together with a nice touch! <end>
 B0009YV11O  Toe Ring - T31 - Crystal Illusion - Small Heart ~ Rose (Pink) ||	  Seeing is believing  I love the toe ring, it is very pretty and nice. I will buy again from Serenity Crystals <end>
 B0009YV11Y  Toe Ring - T1 - Crystal Band ~ Aqua ||	  Toe Ring?  This is definitely not a toe ring. Wore it on my thumb because it was too big for any toe. Plus all the stones fell out. <end>
 B0009YVMCM  Antica Murrina Cancun - Murano Glass Beads & Flowers Multi-strand Bracelet Amber ||	  Wearable art  This is an amazing bracelet. I had bought it to match my necklace and earrings (that are just as amazing). Antica Murrina yet again made a piece of jewelry that easily can be called a work of art. I like this particular piece because I can wear it with my more casual outfits and at the same time love showing it off at the dinner parties. This is really such a unique and beautiful bracelet, and I have received so many compliments on it.I was also very happy with the seller, Forzieri. They ship from Italy, however, my item arrived in US only 3 business days after the purchase via UPS. <end>
 B0009ZAALK  Eureka Athena 664CB Jewelry Chest ||	  A standard  This is a workhorse jewelry box, excellent capacity, holds a lot of earrings in the top drawer, nice proportions and looks good on the shelf, but the finish and styling are ho-hum. Still, I'm very happy with it overall. <end>  Wonderful jewelry box  I just received this and couldn't be happier. It arrived perfectly packed and in perfect shape. The price is very reasonable - apx. $100 less than here locally at the jewelry store. I love all the compartments for my earrings. <end>
 B000A09UPQ  Cute Stretchy Frosted Crystal Chip Bracelet ||	  Great Gift Idea  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000A0CIKA  Cute Stretchy African Turquoise Bracelet ||	  Gave it to my sister-in-law  It was a very nice bracelet but it wasn't that flattering on me (you know shades will vary), so I gave it to my sister-in-law since it flattered her coloring. I may try again, since the price is so reasonable. <end>
 B000A0CIKU  Cute Stretchy Dalmation Jasper Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bargain!  These bracelets are just beautiful and a terrific bargain. I highly recommend them! I bought this one, and several other jaspers. <end>
 B000A0CILE  Cute Stretchy Labradorite Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bracelet, Beautiful Price  The Labradorite Bracelet by "Cute Stretchy Gems" is predominately green and white in a well polished, beautiful design. It will fit a 7" wrist comfortably. <end>
 B000A0CINM  Cute Stretchy Rose Quartz Chip Bracelet ||	  Torn apart bracelet when received  I was very DISAPPOINTED with the purchase from Secure Hoop. I just received it today (7-18-2005), when I open the package, the bracelet was already torn apart into loose pieces of pink rocks!!!!I've called their customer service number 888-651-2828, but no one pick up the phone, and there WASN'T any VOICEMAIL for me to leave back!!! What kind of company is that? At least there should be a voicemail that said what time they will open to business and stuff. Anyway, I don't recommend anyone to buy stuff from Secure Hoop!!! <end>  goes with everything  This is a bracelet that will go with just about anything. It is a light pink. Good for bigger wrist with the stretchy band. <end>  pretty for the price  Just received my rose quartz chip bracelet. It was all of $1.99 and it is a cute chip bracelet; I'm quite satisfied. <end>
 B000A0ERM2  Cute Stretchy African Turquoise Chip Bracelet ||	  very cute  it was a lovely addition to my collection. I am looking forward to wearing it for many years. <end>
 B000A0FK9G  Cute Stretchy Mixed Gemstone Chip Bracelet ||	  beautiful  The bracelet was beautiful with many different chips of stones and they were colorful and good quality! <end>  BEST QUALITY  I SELL ANCIENT, WORLD AND U.S. COINS. . . BOTH MY WIFE AND I WEAR THE GEM CHIP BRACELETS ALL TH TIME. . . .TH STRETCH NEVER BREAKS ! <end>  Not as colorful as the picture  I was a little disappointed. The actual colors were not that bright or colorful. It was really more earthy in color. Browns, greys, whites, a pale purple, but mostly browns and greys. I was hoping it would look as bright and varied as the photo. Otherwise, it was very much as pictured. Cute, but not exactly what I was hoping for. <end>
 B000A141UO  Tiny Sterling Silver Skull Stud Earrings 1/2 inch ||	  Great  This earrings are really great. They are small so they don't stand out to much with your outfit. Though I have only worn them a few times, they seem to be pretty good quality. <end>  Great earrings, but pricey  Nice earrings and I've gotten compliments. I'm a 20-something male, by the way.But be warned  quality is not that great and they are definitely overpriced. <end>  GREAT!  Arrived two days early and absolutely what I was looking for. The earrings are small enough not to overwhelm little ears but yet detailed enough for the pirate lover. One of the earrings had a sharp edge to it and I'm not sure if it was just not polished enough but if you order these (and you SHOULD if you have a pirate loving little girl) make sure to check them over a bit. <end>  Perfect!  I bought these for my 5 yr. old daughter to wear when cheering, since their mascot is a Pirate. They were the perfect size for her tiny ears! She adored them so much she wouldn't take them out. Unfortunately she lost one at school so I am now having to purchase a second pair to replace them. We both loved them so much it is absolutely worth purchasing twice! <end>  Well made  Purchased these earrings for my daughter for Christmas. They are high quality earrings. Very happy with my choice <end>
 B000A141UY  Tiny Sterling Silver Skull Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Kind of small  I guess I didn't realize how small they were when I ordered them, they're studs. My girlfriend loves them though. So... I don't think the size matters. <end>  Bought 3 sets  I really am impressed with the quality of theses products. I bought three different sets of skull earrings. All great !!!!!!!! Exactly as described in literature on product. Very nice to do business with. <end>
 B000A141WC  Tiny Sterling Silver Ankh Stud Earrings 5/8 inch ||	  Not so great  This ended up larger than I was hoping for and still haven't even bothered to wear them. Plus the look of them are not too appealing, imagine if they were stamped straight from a flat sheet of metal. The picture makes it look like they have some roundness or curve to them, but mine certainly did not. <end>  diameter? 15 millimeters?  I'm searching for a very small pair of ankh earrings. These TINY ones are 15mm which is about 9/16 inch. Thats OVER 1/2 INCH! Diameter is usually used as the distance across a circle WHAT ARE THESE? <end>
 B000A15T3M  Tiny Sterling Silver Crab Stud Earrings 3/16 inch ||	  not at all like the pictures looks!  i just received these today and they don't look anything like crabs. if you could distinguish any animal characteristics it would be a spider, but mostly they look like little blobs of shiny metal. don't be deceived by the detailed look of the picture. <end>
 B000A15T5U  Tiny Sterling Silver Seahorse Stud Earrings 3/8 inch ||	  Perfect size Quality silver  As described in other review, seahorse has more detail than photo. Perfect size, quality made, secure backing. Heavy weight sterling silver-rich feel. <end>  Great pair of earrings.  I had searched everywhere for sea horse earrings. These are beautiful. Love them very much, they are prettier than the picture shows. Will buy again from Sabrina Silver!Kim,SC <end>
 B000A15UM2  Tiny Sterling Silver Lion Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Beautiful Miniature Lions  These adorable miniature stud lion earrings are beautiful. They are crafted with a good bit of detail which is rare for studs that are as big around as a writing pen. They are similar, yet different in that handcrafted way and are stunning when put on. They are not too big nor too small and work well for pale skin tone. My brother chose them as a Christmas present for our mom and she thinks they are just perfect.Perfect for any lion lover. <end>
 B000A15X6A  Sterling Silver Man Cuff Earring (one piece) 5/8 inch ||	  Ear jewelry  Got this ear jewelry on a whim. It's very cute. Probably too old for it but I couldn't help myself. It came quickly and I would buy from the dealer again. Only problem with this is that you have to be careful putting it on the ear since the 'arms' have to be pried enough to slip on ear and then pushed back to grip and stay on. <end>  Really small, but totally cute!  This is such a cute cuff! its kinda small and it hurts like hell if you leave it on too long but other then that it's really cute and small! <end>  Cute and Unique!  I love this cuff, it is very cute, I got a lot of compliments from it. Personally I like it better than the typical cuffs you see out there. It was a little hard to put on at first since you need to pry open the arms, but other than that it should fit perfectly on the ear. The only thing I don't like about it is that it can come off very easily. I was wearing a circle scarf and while I took it off, it tugged the cuff right off. Also with something as small as this, it is easy to lose. <end>  Man Ear Cuff  Do NOT purchase this item! It does not fit properly on the ear, and when you try to wear it it falls off. In the picture it also depicts the cuff as larger than it actually is. I would not recommend this for anyone. <end>  Great! But doesn't stay on.  Really cute! But the problem is it doesn't stay on my ear. I can't get it to stay on. Am I doing something wrong? I pried the guy's arms and legs open and closed it on my ear my it won't stay... <end>  Overall Great Piece...except for....  Over all I LOVE this product, its very cute, and comfy on my ear(  the only thing im not crazy about is when putting it on you have to pry open the mans little arms and if you put it on too tight, its a bit hard to get off, and sort of hurts. But over all great piece, and came in like 2-3 days!!! (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  ( <end>  Magnificent  It speaks for itself, this piece is awesome and unique, my second purchase of these and not disappointed, i'm so happy, such wonderful detail. Simply beautiful piece. <end>  Great  I really enjoyed my earring cuff that I purchased and I would encourage others to purchase this product. <end>  it's so cool  ever since I saw this lady with this ear cuff, I"ve wanted to get one. well,,,,I"m so glad that i bought this..I get a lot of compliments..... <end>
 B000A16Y3G  Tiny Sterling Silver Flower Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  These are so cute!  I love these earrings so much! They are understated but really pretty, and are the perfect size. <end>
 B000A16YFE  Tiny Sterling Silver Skull Stud Earrings 3/16 inch ||	  SUBTLY MORBID  I live in LA where the whole Goth-rocker thing is SOOOOO played-out, trite, co-opted and tired. Nice middle-aged Beverly Hills homemakers and preppie princesses wear diamond-encrusted skull jewelry to their Botox appointments, or to get the Lexus detailed--i mean, shut UP! Still, I have a deadly attraction to the calavera, always have. I love these tiny earrings so much that i bought 2 prs. The skull itself is delicate and tiny-- just a dot which is no larger than the head of a dressmaker's straight -pin, yet the detail is good. Unless someone has REALLY good eyesight, it just looks like a tiny silver stud. I have only 3 ear-holes (not the requisite 17 or 34 or whatever here in the Valley of Posers)-- and i always wear this tiny skull in the third, "extra" hole. Even with a conservative suit and pumps, when I am out doing bidness with The Man. It's funny and subversive to me to be wearing skull jewelry under the radar. For years, I wore the huge Keith Richards ring, but this is cooler. <end>  Super Cool!  These earrings are so cute! Sabrina Silver rocks -- great prices, fast service, reasonable shipping. <end>  LOVE these earrings!  These are the tiniest, earrings ever! I LOVE them! Previous reviewer is right....no one would even know what youre wearing unless they get up really close! Perfect for my office job! I'll probably wear these everyday! <end>  so tiny & cute!  I love these ear rings! There so tiny & I got them within a few days of ordering. I think there probably my favorite pair right now! There perfect to wear in a second hole and wear something bigger in the first holes!! Love them! <end>  Love these  Love these little guys. They're super small and I have them in my third earring hole permanently. Definitely would recommend. <end>  I love these!!!  I was looking for some cute little stud earrings and I came across these. They had good reviews and the price was pretty good too. The only thing I was worried about was how they looked in the picture and a lot of people were saying they were extremely tiny. I was very pleased once I got them; they look a lot better in person and aren't as small as I thought which is good but still tiny which is also good  ) They are adorable and I love them! Not to mention I received these extremely fast! Thumbs up, I recommend these. I am not considering piercings my ears a second time because these would like great in the second hole. <end>  When they say "tiny", they mean it!  These earrings are adorable, shiny silver and they have BUTTERFLY backs which I love. Oh and if you're looking for tiny...you've got it! The skull is a hair larger than the letters in my name on my driver's license (to give you a comparison). That's just what I was looking for though...just don't change them over the sink or toilet...and never in the car. If you drop it, you'll never find it! <end>  Small but impressive  Thanks to Sabrina Silver for these. They really are small, but probably the nicest earrings I've ever owned. I just wish I'd ordered two pairs <end>  Wear them every day  These are super tiny but look great if you have more than one whole in your ears. Great price but not for the shipping. $5  / I would buy them again or for some friends if it werent for the shipping. <end>  Cute earrings  I bought these and wore them for years until I lost one of them. These are great earrings for a small touch of skull. <end>  A reason to wear posts  Victoria has it right as far as getting that delicious subversive feeling when wearing these earrings. I haven't worn post earrings since I first got my ears pierced as a child, but these are a reason to do so. Honestly, they could be a little bigger and still be invisible - and then it would be easier to put them in! I didn't know I had such huge fingers. These are very cute and secure to wear. I am reluctant to wear a skull pendant along with them, as then I would have a trinity, and I don't know what kind of effect that would bring! As far as the minute size of these, it is more a plus than a minus. Certain earrings would be wrong if too small, but not these. It does make them a little harder to handle and easier to drop. <end>  Tiny & Cute  These are REALLY tiny, not much bigger than the head of a pin. I have 10 ear piercings (6 in one ear and 4 in the other) so these were just right to wear with all the others without being overpowering. I really love them! Got my order in under a week which was great! Highly Recommended!  -) <end>  Tiny but cute  My sister loved them, and I thought they were adorable. The skull was well shaped and uniform. She wore them for months strait. <end>  I like 'em  These earrings are WAY small. They are much smaller than I imagined! They are about the size of a piece of NERDS candy! They are really cool though. <end>  silver skull  i got this little silver skull stud earing because hay what can i say it a eye catcher ;-ppeople are comming up to me and asking oh where you get the skull earring studd from? my main answer was oh i got it somewhere. lol then id play with people and say whats another name for a jungle ha ha ah ahi like these ears studds its a nice buy ;-P <end>  not worth it  these earrings were way smaller than i expected. so i then exchanged it for the skull and crossbones earrings from sabrina silver. <end>
 B000A19EL0  Tiny Sterling Silver SUV Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Cute Jeep earrings and great dealer!  Came right away and they are just adorable. What a super price and nice product! <end>  Super cute!  I was so excited when these arrived. They look just like the picture and don't hurt my ears at all they are wonderful! <end>  Very Cute!  These earrings are great for any Jeep lovers like myself. I was SO excited to see them, and they are just as cute as I had hoped. They are small, so they don't look like I'm a little kid wearing SUV earrings. I love them. <end>
 B000A19GTU  Tiny Sterling Silver Dice Stud Earrings 3/16 inch ||	  Dice  these tiny dice are well made and very unique! They ended up being alot smaller than what we first thought they would be but that ended up being alright. One of them ended up in the top of an ear right above an earcuff on a guys left ear and the other one was small enough to be used as a nose ring it looks very small and feminine not like I would of imagined it but they turned out looking nice where they ended up. <end>
 B000A19GUO  Tiny Sterling Silver Lizard Stud Earrings 7/16 inch ||	  Beautiful.  I bought these to try and replace an older pair that I lost which had been very special to me and my fiance, so I wasn't sure I would be pleased with them as my standards were high. I absolutely love these already, they are so shiny and smooth. The item picture does them no justice. I am very happy I chose these ones. So pretty  ) <end>  Tiny Sterling Silver Lizard Stud Earrings  Item was shipped right away and arrived in time for Christmas. My daughter likes them; she had picked them out and they met her expectations. Of the several pairs I ordered, these were my favorite. <end>  No surprises  Perhaps not everyone wants to wear lizards on their ears. But for those who do, you'll be perfectly happy with these. <end>
 B000A1ADF6  Tiny Sterling Silver Cow's Head Stud Earrings 7/16 inch ||	  Tiny, great quality  I am absolutely terrible at measurements and math. I should have pulled out the ruler and realized 3/8" was not equal to 5/8". I thought these would be bigger than they were. And the product page definitely spelled out the measurements.However, I was still highly satisfied with the quality, design and super fast shipping. Having already ordered these, I would definitely consider ordering them for a friend or fellow Longhorn family member/supporter. Only one star deducted for .25 inches, which, let's admit, is probably not fair in the scheme of ladies' issues. <end>  cow earrings  I ordered these to wear to BBQ contests - they got here VERY quickly and I'm VERY pleased with them! <end>  Excellent value  I bought this for my Texan boyfriend, and he loved it. The price was VERY reasonable and shipping was super fast.A very unique item for a great price. Two thumbs up! <end>
 B000A1ADFQ  Tiny Sterling Silver Mouse Stud Earrings 3/8 inch ||	  Mouse-lovers Delight!  Perfect for mouse-lovers everywhere. The workmanship of these delicate earrings can't be fully captured on film. Even the stud clasp is excellent quality. <end>
 B000A1ADQK  Tiny Sterling Silver Hammer Stud Earrings ||	  significant gift  imagine my surprise when I found these earrings of course I had to buy them and as a gift they were much appreciated. They were very well made and were an excellent value for the price <end>  recommend item  this item came in good time and in great shape. they are verycomfortable earrings. i would do business with this person anytime.i would highly recommend. <end>  Hammertime  These earrings did not look anything like the picture and I was disappointed, but I will keep them anyway. <end>
 B000A1BJXG  Tiny Sterling Silver Bicycle Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Perfect!  These are exactly as described and are so tiny! They were a birthday present for a bike enthusiast and she has worn them everyday since receiving them. Sabrinasilver is also courteous and patient. Thanks for helping me! <end>  Awesome  These are great little earrings. And by little, I mean "tiny" - they are only 9mm long. I like wearing mine to work - it shows everyone what I'd rather be doing! <end>
 B000A1BLYI  Tiny Sterling Silver Half Moon Stud Earrings 3/8 inch ||	  Almost right. . .  These earrings are so pretty, but they are just a tad too long to sit on my ear correctly. They sit against the rim of cartilage above my earlobe holes and sit crooked. Not sure if I just have small ears or if others have this problem. I wish they were a couple of mm smaller, then they'd be perfect. <end>
 B000A1BLYS  Tiny Sterling Silver Moon Stud Earrings 3/8 inch ||	  Not that great  When I saw these earrings, I thought they looked so shiny and cute. Unfortunately though, when I got them, the silver was tarnished and they didn't really look like the picture. <end>
 B000A1BM06  Tiny Sterling Silver Musical Note Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Great studs  I received these for Christmas and I love them! They are very cute and great for everyday wear and go with any outfit. My only complaint is that they are a bit flat but for the price, I'm sure to buy from this seller again. <end>  music note is backwards  The flag on a 8th note is supposed to go to the right, not to the left, I did not notice this at first because in the mirror it looks right, but one of my musician friends pointed it out then I felt like an idiot, which is too bad, because I loved these earrings, but now I feel stupid wearing them knowing that the flag is pointing in the wrong direction. <end>
 B000A1BMA6  Tiny Sterling Silver Elephant Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  TINY  these are nice enough but tiny is an understatement.these would be great for a child, not sure about an adult.. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I love these and they fit at the top hole of my ear that is pierced really well. They're very small but I love the detail! <end>  Stem is wide and short  The stem that goes through your ear is impossibly large. I felt like I was getting my ears gauged. And then it's so short that I had to literally smash my lobe with the backing. The backing is too small for the wide stem so it was difficult to get on. The elephants themselves are super cool, but the stem needs adjusting. <end>
 B000A1BMB0  Sterling Silver Ear Cuff Earring (one piece) with Ball Stud and Chain ||	  Great!  Someone said that the design was simpler than the one shown, but mine was exactly the same as the picture. It's an awesome earring from an awesome seller. It's very light, the chain (5 cm) is just the right length to have a good amount of dangle but doesn't get in your way, and definitely makes a statement without looking like it's trying too hard. I'd recommend it to anyone. Oh and if you're worrying about the cuff pinching, it doesn't. I can't even feel it most of the time. I only just got it today (REALLY fast delivery) so I can't tell you how it is after a few weeks of use or if it falls off easily or not, but it's great so far. Love it.On the con side... It was a tad bit smaller than I expected, but that's just expectations. It's a great size.Buy it! <end>  I love it  At first, it took some time to adjust it to the right size, but now I'm wearing it everyday, and it looks fabulous =) And yes, you only receive one when you order this product. <end>  awsome!!!!  I really love this product, the chain is very tiny and light and the cuff fits my ear perfectly. The cuff doesn't even hurt and it feels like its not even there. However I ordered 2 of these one chain is shorter than the other, but its a really great earring. Hot Topic use to have a product similar to this but after it was out of stock, they never bothered to make more. But anyhow if your thinking about buying it, GO BUY IT!! <end>  Quality Product  I have had this product for a week and I have noticed both good and bad things about it, but I am pleased overall with my purchase.Positive  The cuff was the right size and the whole thing looks great. After I got used to the cuff pinching my ear a little bit, I haven't noticed it at all, and the cuff has remained in place on my ear. The best thing about this product  it's made of sterling silver, so if you're allergic to Nickel, even if you wear the cuff all the time it won't hurt your skin.Negatives  The ear cuff did not look exactly like the picture shown; the middle of the band is a much simpler design than what I was expecting to receive. Also, the chain has disconnected from the stud once already (on the first day that I wore it); thankfully I was able to put it back together with minimum difficulty, as the small wire loop that connects the chain to the stud is easily bendable. <end>  Cute  It's a cute little ear cuff. Chain is not very long but it works well for a simple design. Sometimes I have troubles keeping it on my ear though. <end>  Eh  Got this item a while ago, was super excited to try it out but the chain is extremely short and hard to even connect it from the top of my ear to the actual ear piercing. Wish I had not spent my money on this. <end>  not what I thought..  I wanted an earring that went from my cartilage piercing to my lobe piercing. This is just a cuff that you can put on your cartilage and then connects to a stud. Though it isn't what I originally wanted I am absolutely crazy about this earring! I'm wearing it on the side that my cartilage isn't pierced and it looks great. I will look for more like this, they are really fun without the commitment of another piercing! <end>  Disappointed  when I saw the item on the website I thought it would be great for me. When I received the item I was very disappointed. It was so small I could not believe my eyes. I would have sent it back but when I went to try it on the back piece being so small it dropped & i still haven't been able to find it. I think for $15 I should have received something bigger or at least two items for that price. I do not recommend anyone purchase this product if they are looking for it to be the size of the picture because it is not... <end>  Works for me  I've been wanting a cuff/chain earring for a long time, but most of what I could find were too expensive for my budget. The price on this one is pretty cheap, so don't buy it expecting to get an "expensive" quality item - it IS delicate. The "cheaper" parts are the stud, and chain connections. Though as long as you handle it carefully, its quality shouldn't be a problem. It LOOKS great. Simple, but beautiful.One thing to keep in mind, the chain is pretty short - mine was about 1 1/4". I had to wear the stud in my second piercing, and even then there wasn't very much dangle in the chain (I haven't been known to have big ears either). So if you have just one piercing, or long ears, this might not be for you.This product is just what I wanted, however. I'm very happy with it. <end>  Question?  I got this product for my daughter and she loves the style and feel of it. However, She was wondering where exactly the cuff part is supposed to hook onto your ear. She's not really sure to put it lower or higher on her ear. Could someone please explain to me where to put it or send a picture. Thanks. <end>  ear cuff  beware that when you buy, you only get one earring, not a pair. <end>  very small  not much chain to dangle--very small and cheap-looking, but for the price it is what it is! <end>
 B000A1CKEI  Tiny Sterling Silver Star Stud Earrings ||	  Great Buy!!!  This product is by far the best workmanship i have yet to find. I have been wearing them for about a month straight and havent even lost a back will buy from this company in the future. <end>  Very cute  My six-year-old daughter loves these. She wears them almost every day. They are very high quality and come in a cute little box. <end>  Earrings  This company is fantastic! Prices are very reasonsable... quality is great and the shipping took no time at all. They get my vote... send me some free stuff!!! <end>
 B000A1CKLG  Tiny Sterling Silver Sunflower Dangle Earrings 9/16 inch ||	  sunflower tiny earrings  i ordered these and they are beautiful.. i love sunflowers and they are a great addition to my collection.. several years ago i was burglarized and one of the items taken was a treasured pair of earrings almost like these.. im glad i found them thanks amazon and sabrina silver.. <end>
 B000A1FNY2  Sterling Silver Gold Hoop Earrings with Cable Borders ||	  These are exactly what I was looking for  I was hunting for sterling/gold jewlery, and these are so perfect! The whole process was easy and quick. <end>
 B000A1GIE6  Sterling Silver Starfish Anklet ||	  Looks like a Tiffany product  I got the Starfish necklace and bracelet from Tiffany's as a gift and I wanted a matching anklet, but Tiffany's doesn't sell one. I found this anklet from Eve's Addiction and it looks EXACTLY like my real Tiffany's stuff. They delivered fast and item was as described. <end>
 B000A1ICLS  Sterling Silver Rolo Polished Chain ||	  Beautiful Sterling Silver Chain  The chain is beautiful! Very sturdy and beautifully polished, looks great with my initial pendant which I always wear. <end>  Very nice purchase  I am very pleased with this chain. It is a much higher quality than other silver chains I've seen. It hangs nicely and it is well made so I'm not afraid of accidentally breaking it. I would recommend this brand. <end>
 B000A27WSQ  14kt Toe Ring Diamond Cut - C2095 ||	  Toe Ring -14kt Gold Diamond Cut good vaue  The toe ring is an excellent product for the price. It fits easily on the toe due to the fact that it is a soft metal. Therefore, one must be very careful to put it on and leave it on the toe. It is not sturdy enough to take on and off. However, it is sturdy enough to be left on. It is a beautiful piece of jewelry and I have had many compliments on it. <end>
 B000A2CBYQ  14kt Yellow Gold 7" Dolphin Bracelet - FB368-7 ||	  Great product and customer service!  I purchased this bracelet as a Christmas gift for my wife. It was sent promptly. This was very important to me and at first when I opened the box I made a mistake and panicked. Here's what happened!When I opened the carton and the gift box I was shocked - there was nothing in the gift box. I called Accent on Gold. The gentleman could not figure what happened. I told him that the only thing in the box was an elegant gift box and a small velvet bag with the extra links in it. Without embarrassing me, the kind gentleman explained that there were no extra links sent. In fact what was in the bag was the bracelet itself!! Red-faced, I took out the beautiful gold bracelet. I was exactly as advertised. Throughout the phone conversation he treated me with the utmost respect.Christmas day my wife was overwhelmed with the beauty of her bracelet. Thanks Accent on Gold!! <end>
 B000A2CCHM  14kt Yellow Gold 7" Seashell Bracelet - FB603-7 ||	  seashell bracelet  The bracelet is very very small. I do not feel it is worth almost $600. <end>
 B000A2JZPE  Sterling Silver Dark Pink Cubic Zirconia Channel Set 3mm Eternity Band Ring Size 3,5,6,7,8,9,10 ||	  look else where  The look of the ring is exactly as it appear here on amazon. The stones and the band are very pretty and my wife loved it. The reason i say to stay away is that even before it came out of the box one of the stones had fallen out. I realize that for the price i am not buying quality which wasn't the point anyhow, but a candy necklace can at least last an afternoon. There are many rings on amazon with in $5 of this that are much better and with the same visual appeal <end>  okay  gems fall off when ever you hit it on something 2 have alredy fallen out and i got it like 3 days ago <end>  Love it so I much I bought it again  I wanted to get a few stack rings so I bought this one first to check quality. I loved it so much I went back and boought it in white, light pink and another of this dark pink. The sizes run a little large from Gem Avenue but that is part of why I like buying from them, I am about an 8.5 and most eternity bands only come in whole sizes. So the smidge of room works for me, I just buy 8. Very good service, I will likely use this company again and most likely buy this ring again just in another color. I wish they would come out with this ring in amethyst, peridot or emerald colored stones. <end>
 B000A3256E  Mystic Rose Topaz Heart 10K Yellow Gold Hook Earrings ||	  Daughter loved these  I gave these as a gift for Christmas to my 12 year old daughter. In the following 8 months, she almost never took them off, and she has quite a few other choices in her jewelry box. According to her, they are so light she can't feel them on. They also have lasted longer than any other pair she has had due to the fact that the backing can't fall off. Now, she finially lost one this week, and I am looking to buy another set, as she was crushed at the loss. <end>
 B000A3TCZ6  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Heavy 2.5mm Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Sabrina Silver ROCKS!!  Excellent product, price and service. I've made multiple purchases from Sabrina and am perfectly satisfied. I wouldn't hesitate to transact again. Thanks Sabrina! <end>  pandora silver bracelet  Item is superior to others I have seen and was promptly received. I will go back to them for future items <end>  Sterling Silver 2.5 mm Snake Chain Bracelet  Quick response and delivery. Beautiful bracelets, I purchased 2 to give as gifts. Great buy. <end>  Great bracelent  I love this bracelet, it is real sterling silver, I previously purchased an imposter that claimed to be silver and it wasn't. This bracelet is comfortable to wear and looks great. <end>
 B000A3TCZQ  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Heavy 2.5mm Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Sabrina Silver ROCKS!!  Excellent product, price and service. I've made multiple purchases from Sabrina and am perfectly satisfied. I wouldn't hesitate to transact again. Thanks Sabrina! <end>  pandora silver bracelet  Item is superior to others I have seen and was promptly received. I will go back to them for future items <end>  Sterling Silver 2.5 mm Snake Chain Bracelet  Quick response and delivery. Beautiful bracelets, I purchased 2 to give as gifts. Great buy. <end>  Great bracelent  I love this bracelet, it is real sterling silver, I previously purchased an imposter that claimed to be silver and it wasn't. This bracelet is comfortable to wear and looks great. <end>  Sabrina Silver ROCKS!!  Excellent product, price and service. I've made multiple purchases from Sabrina and am perfectly satisfied. I wouldn't hesitate to transact again. Thanks Sabrina! <end>  pandora silver bracelet  Item is superior to others I have seen and was promptly received. I will go back to them for future items <end>  Sterling Silver 2.5 mm Snake Chain Bracelet  Quick response and delivery. Beautiful bracelets, I purchased 2 to give as gifts. Great buy. <end>  Great bracelent  I love this bracelet, it is real sterling silver, I previously purchased an imposter that claimed to be silver and it wasn't. This bracelet is comfortable to wear and looks great. <end>
 B000A3UN4K  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets thin 1mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Wonderful value ...  This is a lovely small-ish chain. The description says it's "very thin," but it has some weight to it, certainly enough to handle some of my larger pendants. It's a higher-quality snake chain, very fluid, and a great compliment to my nicer silver pendants.I'm planning to purchase a couple more of these in different lengths. They're really very nice, and the shipping was fast and reasonably priced. <end>  sterling necklace  this is the most beautiful necklace. It is smooth and round feels great on. Love it with my different pendants. <end>  Excellent Value  Very good chain for the price - it's lovely - but your hair WILL get caught up in it! <end>  Great Product - Excellent Price!!!  I love my snake chain. I wear it 6 days out of the week. It was the lowest price online - even cheaper than ebay!!! I received it quickly as well. I highly recommend this seller. Great product at an excellent price! I will shop again! <end>  Happy with this product!  Very happy and planning on ordering MANY more!Michellewww.keepsakerosaries.com <end>  Wonderful value ...  This is a lovely small-ish chain. The description says it's "very thin," but it has some weight to it, certainly enough to handle some of my larger pendants. It's a higher-quality snake chain, very fluid, and a great compliment to my nicer silver pendants.I'm planning to purchase a couple more of these in different lengths. They're really very nice, and the shipping was fast and reasonably priced. <end>  sterling necklace  this is the most beautiful necklace. It is smooth and round feels great on. Love it with my different pendants. <end>  Excellent Value  Very good chain for the price - it's lovely - but your hair WILL get caught up in it! <end>  Great Product - Excellent Price!!!  I love my snake chain. I wear it 6 days out of the week. It was the lowest price online - even cheaper than ebay!!! I received it quickly as well. I highly recommend this seller. Great product at an excellent price! I will shop again! <end>  Happy with this product!  Very happy and planning on ordering MANY more!Michellewww.keepsakerosaries.com <end>
 B000A3WXCA  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.5mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful!  Gorgeous chain even if you aren't a nickel allergy sufferer. I was very impressed with the quick turnaround of the seller. I will definitely buy again from this vendor as it is a great product and truly is nickel-free. <end>  VERY beautiful chain!!!  Got this chain several days ago and it is gorgeous. I just love it and it definitely has the look of a finely crafted piece of jewelry. Don't hesitate. <end>  Great for those with nickel allergies.  I have a nickel allergy and have to be very careful about what I put on my body when it comes to jewelry. Even some jewelry that is listed as &#34;nickel free&#34; has broken me out or irritated my ears/neck in the past, so I never trust anything until I put it on and try it. This necklace passed the test with flying colors. I have worn it for weeks, all day long, with it rubbing all over my neck, and have not gotten any rashes or irritation. It is sturdy and well made, and I do not feel like I have to be super cautious when wearing or handling it for fear it will snap/break. It is attractive and shiny in appearance. I am very pleased all around, great chain. <end>  sadly, i had to return it.  the sterling silver chain turned blackish within weeks after wearing it. i was surprised because i've used sabrina silver before and i've always been happy with them. well, the good news is that i received a prompt refund. <end>  necklace...  Just received this chain yesterday and I like it.It came quickly and was 2 days ahead of deliv sked.It has a nice shine to it, and is comfortable.I got it for a small white gold cross pendant and they go togetherpretty nicely.It's an all-around nice necklace and a good general thickness at 1.5mm.I'd buy it again. <end>  GREAT NECKLACE!  Beautiful chain. Nice to have a choice of length. I have been really happy with my purchase-it's perfect for using with different pendants! <end>  Silver chain  I wear this a lot with many different pendants. It is solid and sturdy. Just the right length. <end>  Very happy  Received promptly in a nice gift box, and the necklace looks impecable. Haven't worn it yet--it is a gift for my husband for Christmas. I think it was a good buy. <end>
 B000A3Z6AG  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets light 1.2mm Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful  I love ordering from Sabrina Silver . product is always as described and she ships very quickly. I goofed with one of my orders and she was so easy to work with for an exchange. <end>  14" Necklace  This necklace is just as advertised. I like it a lot. I was looking for an "almost choker" necklace. I would really like a wider one, but this one will do. <end>  silver chain  I purchased a sterling silver Italian snake chain bracelet. I'm allergic to anything with nickle so this worked nicely. It was shipped quickly and exactly what I ordered at a very reasonable price. I would buy from this vendor again. I have never been disappointed with an item I have ordered through Amazon. <end>  Just what I was looking for  I have had this chain for about a week now, and I wear it 24 hours. I bought the 14" one, and it sticks to the neck - which is what I wanted. It's hard to find the 14" length in stores and was glad to find it here on Amazon. The chain is thick, all nice and silvery and I like that it's nickel free. The shipping was quick as well. Thank You! <end>  Sterling Silver 1.2 mm snake chain (14")  Purchased three of these chains for grandchildren. They are absolutely beautiful but 2 or the 3 chains broke at the point where the chain is joined to the ketch.I would have given these chains with 5 stars but I do not know why the chains failed. (i.e. If grandchildren mishandled or if chains had a poor connection joint.) <end>  Poor Quality  Had this for only a couple of months or so and it's already broken. It only ever received occasional, light wear. The chain snapped clean through. Do not waste your money. <end>  Good buy!  I had metal allergy, so I was looking for nickel-free chain. I bought 18", and it's good length for me. Fast shipping, good packing. I really like it, and am happy because I don't need to wear old silver chain.(Of course, it includes nickel!) <end>  Very nice necklace  I ordered this chain as a replacement for another chain I already had but broke, and I'm happy with the purchase. It's very good quality and after 3 weeks of wearing it constantly, there is no signs of wear or tarnish. I would buy from this vendor again. Thanks! <end>  Nice product  I purchased an 18" chain. My order arrived very quickly. The chain is nice and appears sturdy. In my opinion, this is a good product. <end>  Silver Snake Chain Necklace  I bought this snake chain necklace in the 14" length. It is beautiful and of very good quality. I love it! I am a small adult so it is not just for a child. I am enjoying wearing mine with various pendants. <end>  Sterling Silver Chain  Excellent buy. My purchase was intended for my 2 nieces for Christmas! Upon arrival, my daughter claimed one and I claimed the second. Now I've got to order 2 more! Fast delivery, too. <end>  BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE  I have searched & searched for a necklace exactly like this one. I love the look of a short chain - I got this children's necklace & it works perfectly!I love it!Sandy <end>  Great item! Hard to find!  I bought two of these (one for each daughter 3 & 6). It is very hard to find sterling chains in the length needed for children. Thank you! <end>
 B000A3Z6AQ  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.5mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful!  Gorgeous chain even if you aren't a nickel allergy sufferer. I was very impressed with the quick turnaround of the seller. I will definitely buy again from this vendor as it is a great product and truly is nickel-free. <end>  VERY beautiful chain!!!  Got this chain several days ago and it is gorgeous. I just love it and it definitely has the look of a finely crafted piece of jewelry. Don't hesitate. <end>  sadly, i had to return it.  the sterling silver chain turned blackish within weeks after wearing it. i was surprised because i've used sabrina silver before and i've always been happy with them. well, the good news is that i received a prompt refund. <end>  necklace...  Just received this chain yesterday and I like it.It came quickly and was 2 days ahead of deliv sked.It has a nice shine to it, and is comfortable.I got it for a small white gold cross pendant and they go togetherpretty nicely.It's an all-around nice necklace and a good general thickness at 1.5mm.I'd buy it again. <end>  GREAT NECKLACE!  Beautiful chain. Nice to have a choice of length. I have been really happy with my purchase-it's perfect for using with different pendants! <end>  Silver chain  I wear this a lot with many different pendants. It is solid and sturdy. Just the right length. <end>  Very happy  Received promptly in a nice gift box, and the necklace looks impecable. Haven't worn it yet--it is a gift for my husband for Christmas. I think it was a good buy. <end>
 B000A4QSUC  Diamond Solitaire Ring ||	  VERY NICE!  The ring is even more beautiful in person and came on time. I was very pleased. <end>
 B000A4SJHM  14kt Yellow Gold Ball Dangle with Diamond Cross Earrings ||	  Solid quality  I've always experienced with Amazon, excellent customer service and high quality merchandise.I was pleased even more than I thought I would be after receiving the earrings. They were very well made and I have received many compliments. <end>
 B000A6ZEFK  FABERGE STYLE LOCKET ||	  Nice but...  I got a random call from someone who sounded like they spoke very little English, finally her explained to me that the locket was only available in red but since I had already paid for it and it was a christmas gift I had no choice, then when I got the lockett it was not only a lot smaller than it looks on here but it also came without a chain and the little connecter for the chain. I would have sent it back but my girlfriend had a chain for it and really liked it. I liked it to but I dont think it was worth the money <end>
 B000A7GF0M  R39135yg 14K yellow gold 2.0 ct tw princess wedding set ring ||	  I love my new ring  I ordered these rings hesitant on how it would look due to the price but once i received them (oh my God) you cannot tell the difference in 14kczgold and the "real" thing. I will definitly purchase more from them. Thanks Amazon and 14k!!!! <end>
 B000A7JIUG  Starfish & Sand Dollar Toe Ring - RM3010T ||	  Disappointed  Item did not look like the picture. The photo showed the gold with a nice shine, diamond cut. The item arrived as a dulled gold. The item was a gift, I had no time to return. Will not purchase from seller again <end>
 B000A7XD6G  Sterling Silver Helping Hand Ear Cuff ||	  YAY ear cuffs!!  I am so excited about this ear cuff. I actually ordered too. One for myself, and one for a possible gift. The gift packaging is great, and the cuff is adorable. I am a first timer with ear cuffs, and it is a little odd at first. However, it arrived promptly and in great packaging. LOVE IT! <end>  Love it!  I absolutley love this ear cuff! It fits nicely and the little box/ bag it comes in is cute! I would definatley recommend this! <end>  Nice cuff  This little cuff sits nicely and comfortably on the ear. I am happy with it. This picture online is a good one. <end>  fabulous!  I have worn one of these for years and then one day neglected to remove it before the beautician washed my hair and it was gone down the drain!! I looked all over locally to no avail, then here it was on line!!!! I am thrilled to have it on my ear again..and such fast service and beautiful packaging....thanks!!!!!!! <end>
 B000AA2VS4  Yellow-Orange Stripe HIGHBALL Belly Ring ||	  Good enough to eat  As always the delivery of this item was very timely and i was very pleased!!! Also the color is very vivid and looks almost like candy!! What i wanted for bikini season!! <end>
 B000AA2VVQ  Acrylic PINK HEART Belly Button Ring ||	  =)  This belly ring is super girly. The pink is much more vibrant than it is in the picture and the top ball glows in the dark. All my belly rings from BodyCandy are of nice quality and very cute - especially the pink ones! <end>
 B000AA4MW2  TRUE LOVE RED Stripe Belly Button Ring ||	  You get what you pay for...  With this navel ring's low price, I knew what I was getting by way of a product. I bought a few of these rings, all are cute and comfortable and colorful - I consider them my casual belly rings. One thing I'm not crazy about is the fact that since they are plastic, the threads feel a bit stripped after time and twisting. I'm one who fears losing the ball on my ring, so I usually tighten my ends with pliers to ensure nothing goes missing - with these rings, I can't do that, but I also have to say that I've never had a ring come loose and fall off. My first ring was $30 for just one, so these are a steal and an opportunity to have one to match every outfit. Vendor delivery was quick, too. <end>
 B000AA7J40  Light Pink MIRACLE BALL Belly Button Ring ||	  =)  I have both the purple and pink miracle ball belly rings, and this is by far my favorite out of the two. It is very shimmery and girly and has a nice iridescent sheen. <end>
 B000AA7J5E  Pink GLITTER Banana Belly Ring ||	  Cheap looking  This belly ring looks so cheap! It fell apart almost instantly and it's definitely not as cute and colorful as it looks. <end>  Looks Good  Looks great! Very girly! I actually bought this same curved barbell ring in titanium with two 6mm balls and they both look great! <end>  nice  it is really girly but not enough glitter as the one in the pic did. but still very nice. <end>  =)  The pink color and the glitter make this a girly-girl must! Very cute and well-priced. <end>
 B000AA7JCM  COTTON CANDY Stripe Bell Button Ring ||	  =)  Another cute, girly belly ring for all you pink-lovers. Nice and inexpensive - shipped fast. <end>
 B000AA8BKG  Red Black CROSS Belly Button Ring ||	  Nice  I bought this because I wanted one that was maroon and black. The detail on the bottom ball is nice and it is an overall good value for the price. You just have to be careful not to screw the ball on too tight as the metal thread from the bar can split the plastic ball. <end>
 B000AA8BRE  White Puprle Panda Ball Belly Button Ring ||	  Same as the kiosk in the mall, except for the price  I ordered eight navel rings, mostly out of curiosity Sapphire Blue GEM DRAGONFLY Belly Ring,Spiral Twister - Arctic Blast BEACH BALL Belly Button Ring,White Puprle PANDA BALL Belly Button Ring,Blue DOUBLE CABACHON Banana Belly Ring,Pink GLITTER Spiral Twister Belly Ring,Crystalline Gem DISCO BALL Glitter Belly Ring,Fuchsia Gem DAINTY BUTTERFLY Belly Button Ring, andWhite Clear PANADA BALL Belly Button Ring. Normally I buy them from the kiosk in the mall for $25-30 each. Sometimes the kiosk has a deal for when you spend a $100 or more, but even with the deal, they are terribly overpriced.THESE ARE THE SAME as the kind in the mall. Side by side, they are the same quality. They look the same, they feel the same, they are the same. The only difference is that they have not been handled by sales clerks and strangers in the mall. Oh, and the price is not the same.I've discovered that I go through these like earrings. Either a part falls off or catches on clothing and it's all over. All of my favorite ones have been ruined. One part is gone and they need to be thrown away. It's not good to get too 'attached.'I bought these from Body Candy. They arrived in a few days, much earlier than the date given on purchase, and the prices were excellent. <end>
 B000AAP58C  Clear Petite - Belly Button Ring - Prong Set ||	  eye-catching  This belly ring is just the perfect size for those who want to show off their flat stomach yet not be accused of flaunting it. With just enough bling, you'll love this eye-catching sparkler and will want to keep it in forever. <end>  Poked me...  I didn't really like this ring. It was much bigger than it looks and had big hard prongs around the jewel and will poke your belly button... <end>
 B000AASJOO  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Dolphin Dangle Toe Ring ||	  Fits good...  They fit good but pinches sometimes, and even though I squeeze it to fit, it still turns around on my toe. <end>
 B000AAUNDY  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver , Floral Celtic Designs ||	  Flower toe ring  I like this toe ring when wearing flip flops.I use Arm and Hammer baking soda with water to clean it and the sterling silver stays shiny. I like the fact that this toe ring is adjustable so it fits on any of the four toes except the big toe thumb.It is a comfortable to ring and doesn't scrap the skin between my toes. <end>
 B000AAURP8  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Polished Scroll ||	  The best  This is my favorite toe ring ever. It is sturdy and looks great with my sandals or my dressy shoes! <end>  L-O-V-E it!!  This is a great ring! I love the way it looks and feels on my toe,very sexy,and it adjust easy aswell <end>  very cute  a nice ring for the price. I have had it a while and like it alot. I do recieve lots of compliments whrn I wear it <end>
 B000AAX2QY  Bracelet - B126 - Swarovski (tm) Crystal Stones - Antique Gold Tone Metal ~ Montana Mix ||	  very sparkly  love the bracelet - very sparkly blue, can wear with anything, and easy to put on; I would highly recommend Swarovski crystal jewelry <end>
 B000AB3T4S  Toe Ring Celtic Knot Basket Weaved - Sterling Silver ||	  Lovely toe ring but too big  This is a nice toe ring, but even though I have size 10-11 feet, it is too big and slips round, so the 'knot' is underneath, and if you go swimming with it on it will always come off - so not ideal for wearing and useage. <end>
 B000ACYVBW  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Hearts Toe Ring ||	  Hearts toe ring  A little bigger then I thought it would be, but still very pretty and very comfortable. <end>
 B000AD10RO  Celtic Knot - Sterling Silver Antiqued Toe Ring ||	  Celtic Knot Toe Ring  I love it! It's small enough to be very comfortable, and it's really cute. <end>
 B000AD5B5Q  Celtic Knot Basket Weaved - Sterling Silver Antiqued Toe Ring ||	  GREAT TOE RING FOR THE PRICE  This ring is a terrific buy. I got more compliments on this ring than any other I purchased from any other seller. Absolutely satisfied!!!!!!!! <end>
 B000AE98A4  14kt Gold Garnet Cross Pendant - XR878 ||	  Pictures can be deceiving...  I had bought a granada cross for my wife aboard an airplane, some years ago, and she was robbed at the Dolphin Mall, in Miami, a paradise for pickpockets and thieves.I then bought this replacement at this site, and was disappointed because it is much smaller than the picture led us to believe. The product is ok, and the price is not far off, but we were expecting something larger. <end>
 B000AFWL1Q  Designer Style Men's Wedding Band ||	  Beautiful and great customer service  I bought two of these rings as a symbol of love between my partner and I -- a simple band of white-gold. I was nervous about it because of the sizing, but the jewelers were astute and communicated to me the results before resizing them to my specifications. The rings are beautiful and the fitting(s) were perfect. <end>
 B000AHICV2  Sterling Silver Multi-Linear Ring, Size 6 ||	  beautiful!  What a gorgeous ring.....looks just as great on my finger as it does in the photo! My friends have complimented me on this unusual piece of jewelry & are amazed when I tell them how little I paid for it! One of the coolest-looking rings I've ever owned! <end>  Very poor quality silver.  This ring is on a par with what you might get from a bubble gum machine. The silver is of very poor quality, and you can actually bend it with your fingers.Very flimsy, and it is definitly going to be returned. <end>  I beg to differ  I have been wearing this ring for about a year now, and I really love it. I have received many compliments about its unusual nature. I beg to differ with the person who said that this was of poor quality. Yes, you can bend it... if you are really pressing, but it's not of a flimsy nature. Enjoy. <end>  disappointment  I thought this ring looked interesting in the photo, but in person it is flimsy, flexible and relatively cheap looking. <end>  Cheap-looking  I went with the positive reviews on this ring and ordered it. When it arrived, I immediately packed it back up and returned it. It is cheap looking and thin. And what is worse, by the time I paid shipping and the restocking fee, it cost me almost $10 NOT to buy this crappy ring. <end>  Ring  I ordered a size 7, it seems a little small. Could be because of the design. I would purchase from them again. <end>
 B000AHICVC  Sterling Silver Multi-Linear Ring, Size 5 ||	  beautiful!  What a gorgeous ring.....looks just as great on my finger as it does in the photo! My friends have complimented me on this unusual piece of jewelry & are amazed when I tell them how little I paid for it! One of the coolest-looking rings I've ever owned! <end>  Very poor quality silver.  This ring is on a par with what you might get from a bubble gum machine. The silver is of very poor quality, and you can actually bend it with your fingers.Very flimsy, and it is definitly going to be returned. <end>  I beg to differ  I have been wearing this ring for about a year now, and I really love it. I have received many compliments about its unusual nature. I beg to differ with the person who said that this was of poor quality. Yes, you can bend it... if you are really pressing, but it's not of a flimsy nature. Enjoy. <end>  disappointment  I thought this ring looked interesting in the photo, but in person it is flimsy, flexible and relatively cheap looking. <end>  Cheap-looking  I went with the positive reviews on this ring and ordered it. When it arrived, I immediately packed it back up and returned it. It is cheap looking and thin. And what is worse, by the time I paid shipping and the restocking fee, it cost me almost $10 NOT to buy this crappy ring. <end>  Ring  I ordered a size 7, it seems a little small. Could be because of the design. I would purchase from them again. <end>
 B000AHO7S4  Traditional Antique Style Bali Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings ||	  Attractive earrings, love the leverbacks  I wear a lot of silver, and these earrings were both pretty and a good price. The leverbacks work well (which is not always the case) and the earrings are a nice length for shorter hair styles. <end>  Great  These are absolutely as described - Exquisite and beautiful, Nice length. Like the previous reviewer - it's a little on the heavier side (guess may be that's why its a soo good. Wondering the hooks will be strong enough for that weight. Otherwise - these are really worth the money and they look good. <end>  Beautiful earrings!  These earrings are absolutely beautiful! I have worn them numerous times since receiving them, and I'm even wearing them right now! They're shinier than they appeared in the picture, and the silver is solid and of high quality. They are a little bit on the heavy side, but not too heavy. I actually prefer it that way, but if your ears are particularly sensitive to any extra weight, you might want to reconsider. <end>
 B000AHPBWU  Sterling Silver 10mm Antique style Bali 7 7.5 8 inch Bracelet With Toggle Clasp ||	  Sterling silver bracelet  I liked the bracelet. I liked the details on the bracelet. This was a gift for my bestfriend and she loved it. <end>  did not look like the picture at all, very cheap looking  I was very disappointed with this bracelet. It did not resemble the photo at all. It was very shiny and cheap-looking. I have bought other bali items, which were very satisfactory from other sellers. Quite a let down. <end>
 B000AI186C  Ankle Bracelet - Sterling Silver Heart Anklet With Black Cats Eye (9 inch)QCE39-9 ||	  Beautiful ankle bracelet, difficult clasp  While I love this ankle bracelet, the clasp is very difficult to maneuver. Easier for a necklace, but getting around it on an ankle is tough. <end>
 B000AL6P1C  Amazon.com  Jade Koi Necklace  Clothing ||	  Picture is somewhat deceiving  The picture for this product makes the jade look intricately and well carved. In real life from more than 12" away it is indistinguishable from a round hunk of jade. The cuts are so shallow they simply don't pick up enough light to even show it's been carved. Literally everyone has had to ask what it is . . . <end>
 B000ALENRU  Gothic Cross ,Pendant, Sterling Silver.2.75"h X 1.75"l. ||	  Love it !!   )  I am very happy with this item !... it arrived in a decent ammount of time and looks AMAZING on... the only thing I would suggest is buying a good sturdy chain with this pendant 'cause it is actually quite a bit larger (and heavier) than it looks on this site. <end>
 B000AM01O8  Earrings - Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Pear Shaped Dangle Earrings ||	  blinged out  For the fashionistas on a budget, these earrings add an elegance to any dress. I actually lent them out to a friend for a wedding and she got compliments on the earrings. WHo doesn't like a tear-drop earring? <end>  MeMo  I bought these because they match my engagment ring! A little larger than I expected but will work for getting dressed up. <end>  Absolutely beautiful  These earrings are absolutely beautiful and very comfortable to wear...and at $25, so cheap. A great buy. <end>
 B000AMSJOW  Clementina Asian Jewelry Box ||	  Great!  Loved it! Great design, and the size is great, even though I thought it would a smaller. Quick delivery.Suggest it to everybody. <end>
 B000AMXQ18  14K Yellow Gold 0.13 ct. Diamond with Alternating 1/4 ct. Ruby Anniversary Ring ||	  ruby ring  I bought this ring for my wife, she was very pleased with it, my granddauther who is 13 wants one for her birthday, which is in Dec. she will most likley get one. the shipping was very good. thanks Katarina jewerly for a good product. Thanks Amazon . Arnold sizemore <end>
 B000AMZ66Q  Swirl - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  my wedding band  I recently got married. I ordered mine and my husband's rings from Amazon.com and we both really like them. We didn't know you could, I wanted a celtic wedding band and typed that in my server and the ones I ordered came up on my screen. We were both impressed. We'd tell anyone that was looking for a ring to check out Amazon.com. <end>  Not A Comfort Fit  I bought this ring as an upgrade to my basic Tungsten Carbide band. I wanted a dressier look since I no longer work in an environment that beats up softer metals.The ring is very nice looking and the size fits well. However I expected a "Comfort Fit" ring to have buffed out, smooth edges to the Florentine cuts and edges. I gave up wearing the ring after a week of daily wear when the inside of my middle and little fingers became so raw that wearing the ring became too painful to endure.I will keep the ring to pull out if I want a dress ring, but otherwise it will reside in my dresser drawer. I will wear my plain old "Comfort Fit" Tungsten Carbide band for daily wear. <end>  Man's Wedding Ring  This was a replacement for my original wedding ring which I had worn for 53 years and recently lost. Realy happy with the design and overall quality of the ring. <end>  He loves the Ring  My fiance and I couldn't be more impressed with the ring, we got it in plenty of time, and it was just what he wanted. <end>  A lot of bling for the buck!  I'm very pleased with the design and quality of this ring. It's a perfect fit and feels comfortable on my finger. However, the photo adds reflections to the gold band section of the ring, there is no engraving on it. Delivery was via Fedex and came much sooner than expected. <end>  Beautiful Ring at a Great Price!!  This is a beautiful, high quality ring at a great price! The ring arrived quickly, no problems whatsoever. I highly recommend it as a very reasonably priced option for a quality wedding ring. I actually purchased mine as an alternative ring to wear with a two-tone watch. I would definitely buy again from this company!! <end>  Beautiful rings  Bought these for wedding - they are beautiful. It was difficult to decide which design to choose from Alain Raphael - very happy with this one. Delivery was quick. <end>  Very nice!!!  The rings the itself are well made and very pretty. We just submitted our custom numbers and within a week and half it was produced and shipped. A very comfortable fit. <end>  Great Quality Rings  My wife and i love them, the quality is better then i expected. we have not waren them yet we are waiting for our anniversity. <end>  Beautiful ring!  We had searched for wedding bands, both in jewelry stores and online. It was almost impossible to find a size 16 ring for my fiance, and if a company was willing to size it that much (most were not), it was going to cost as much as buying another ring. We were getting very frustrated, looking for a two tone ring that we both liked, one that was reasonably priced, and a good quality. We had nearly resigned ourselves to settling for something neither of us really liked to find something that would merely "work." Then we found this ring! We did have to pay a fee, of course, to get a size 16, and my fiance wanted his band wider, while I wanted mine thinner. No problem! We ordered them on Monday, received them on Friday. We could not be more happy with them. I highly recommend this company! The customer service is excellent. <end>  Wonderful Quality and Service  After months of searching in stores and online for his wedding band, we stumbled across this ring. After a few emails we were able to customize the ring width, and the materials into a ring he is happy to wear. The customer service was great and they walked us through the customization process. The fit is perfect (we went to a professional jeweler to get the size), and the ring looks wonderful. We received the ring a week after finalizing the order, and we are very pleased. <end>
 B000AN12YA  Sterling Silver Genuine Green Jade Stud Earrings ||	  Green Jade Stud Earrings  Cutest earrings! I ordered them for my daughter and she wears them all the time. Also- I received the package very quickly. I am very pleased. <end>  Post are large  The earrings are pretty; however I do have trouble inserting in my ear as the posts are large <end>
 B000AN7K5K  Sterling Silver Roita Bendel Hamsa - Kabbalah Bracelet ||	  this is really attractive!  this bracelet uses the red protective thread but its stronger than all the other hamsa bracelets I've tried even the leather ones. so if you want a hamsa bracelet that isn't going to be too fragile to wear, buy this bracelet! <end>
 B000ANFUUC  Gemini Silver Natural Seed Pearl Ring, Sapphire - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  Pretty, dainty, sturdy  I've had this ring for a while now. I know some other people had a little trouble with the pearls falling out, but mine has been through a ton of hand washing (I'm obsessed,) a two year old throwing it across the room, and being slammed down on the counter frequently among other things. Bottom line  I have not been gentle with this ring and it has held up to all my abuses. Great ring! I can't wait to get the earrings. <end>  Falling Apart  My boyfriend bought me this ring for my birthday and I thought it was beautiful. Wore it the next day to work and noticed one of the pearls had fallen out. We notified the seller, who promptly sent us an envelope to send it back for another one. Thought everything was fine, but just the other day I saw another pearl was missing. So the first ring didn't last a day and the second lasted about a month before a pearl fell out. It's an absolutely beautiful ring, but I'm not sure it's worth the effort to keep sending back for a new one. <end>  Nice ring  This is a nice ring, and it was shipped promptly. The ring arrived loose in the ring box, but was undamaged. Also, it is quite dainty. The picture on the page makes it look larger, so please be aware that it is greatly enlarged to show detail. I still like the ring, and I'm happy with it. <end>  Gorgeous!  This ring is just beautiful!! Looks expensive and well crafted. Looks like a well kept family heirloom. True to size. <end>  Beautiful but not well made  The ring is very beautiful but one of the pearls dropped of within a day of wearing it. I wish I had paid heed to the other reviews. <end>  Made Cheap  Within a few days of wearing it 2 pearls had fallen out of the ring. It's lovely but unfortunately not made well. I returned it. <end>  Pearl fell out.  I think this ring is beautiful, but I had a pearl fall out about 2 weeks into wearing it. It lays flat and doesn't get in the way. <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring is absolutely beautiful. I bought it for my wife, and she frequently wears it (so she likes it). She has received numerous compliments on the ring (so other people like it, too). Some other reviewers complained about the ring falling apart - we have had it for four months and have had no problems. She sometimes will wear it while using her hands for crafts, but we still have not noticed any loss of stones/pearls. <end>  love it!  I chose this ring online and my mother purchased it for me for Christmas of 2011. I LOVE IT!! I get compliments everywhere I go. It is perfect size so that it doesn't look gaudy. I noticed others have had issues with stones falling out, I have not at all. I wear it just about everyday except to the gym and haven't had any issue. I also work at a hospital so I wash my hands about a hundred times in the day and no issue. My mother said it was shipped promptly and that the ring was secure in the box (which is also very nice) <end>  Happily Surprised!  My girlfriend had picked this ring out for her engagement ring. She loves pearls and sapphires so this a natural hit. We were concerned about other reviews about the pearls and sapphires falling out but also knew that they could be replaced in a pinch. There has been no problems thus far and she loves it so much that she has decided that this will also be her wedding ring. Very pleased overall. <end>  my engagement ring!!  i have the sapphire earrings and my boyfriend knew how much I loved them. I was in Paris working on a project and my bf surprised me and came to visit me. We went to the eiffel tower (this was WAY before Tom Cruise did this) and my bf proposed with this gorgeous ring. I will always treasure this ring!! It is beautiful and will never go out of style. <end>
 B000ANGWI6  Rhodium plated square cushioned shaped cufflinks with purple hued cats eye with presentation box ||	  Purple Cats Eye Cufflinks  The cufflinks are nice looking, and should compliment any shirt/suit. One thing...the stones in the pair I received are not as dark purple as shown in the photo. <end>
 B000ANJCDS  Star Gaze Silver Natural Seed Pearl Ring - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  Nice ring!  I am very pleased with this ring. It's unique and stylish. I will say it's very petite, someone with large hands or is used to wearing large jewelry probably wouldn't be as happy with it. The detail is small, but it does have sparkle and is noticed. It is appropriate for young adults. <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring is so delicate and feminine along with the fact it is quite sparkly I absolutely love it. <end>  ring in the picture looks prettier...  The pearls in my ring were white and not like the one pictured. Also, the ring itself looks more antique. It doesn't shine as much. <end>  Great ring  I've been wearing this ring non-stop for the past 10 months. It still looks as good as when I got it. Very pretty but I think the pearls are lighter in real life than the picture shows. I love it. <end>  Excellent Ring!  "Excellent service! The ring looked fantastic, even better in the pictures. Their customer service is also great to work with. I am quite amazed at their Quality Guarantee, I will defiantly buy from them again." <end>  Failed.  Don't get me wrong, I think this ring is absolutely beautiful-- from the differentiation of the blue pearls to the detailed crafting in the silver. If it weren't for the fact that a pearl fell out within less than a month of purchasing it, I would've rated this ring a 5/5.However, as it stands, I probably won't be buying anything else from Dahlia. <end>  ring  I bought the ring for my 16 yr old granddaughter for xmas. It is Jan8 and already 4 small pearls have fallen off of it. I am contacting the company and hoping they will refund or change the ring to one that does not fall apart. <end>  Beware  Ring was B-E-A-utiful but within 10 months 1 of the small pearls fell off, its a shame too because my wife loved it so much. <end>  I found my ring  I don't wears rings often, but when I do, I tend to get attached to only one ring. I lost my one ring that I liked to wear a couple months ago and have been on the search for a new one. It took me FOREVER because I'm so picky. I wanted a unique looking ring that wasn't too outstanding, bold, looked cheap, or flashy. But I did want a ring that looked sophisticated, beautiful, and still catch someones attention subtly. This ring is awesome. I love it. <end>  Poor quality  Pearls started falling out on the first day. Seller offered to send a replacement but it wasn't worth my time. I also didn't want another piece of doo doo. Non-recommend. <end>  Star Gaze Ring  I ordered this ring for myself online and I thought the picture made it look pretty good. Then I got it in the mail and it was 10 times better in person. The quality is outstanding and the ring is beautiful!!! I would recommend this ring for yourself or someone special because it is so beautiful! <end>  Perfect ring  When I first saw this ring I absolutely fell in love. And when it arrived (quite promptly may I add) I was blown away. The picture doesn't do it justice, and it is absolutely the perfect size for a right hand ring. The price wasn't all that bad either! Dahlia is definitely an awesome company to buy from, very customer friendly, and I would recommend any of their products to anyone! <end>  Beautiful ring, Classic but modern  I bought this ring for my girlfriend as a christmas present. When I received the ring within two days of ordering, I was impressed with the promptness of Dahlia. When I opened up the package and looked at the ring I was even more impressed with how the ring looked. It was very classic without looking old. Nothing about it felt cheap and it has a luster to it that I was not expecting. My girlfriend, her family and her coworkers all loved this ring and I am very pleased with it myself. <end>  Love my ring!  The ring I ordered was exactly like the picture, fit perfectly, arrived in a timely matter, and I've had several compliments! <end>  Great ring and exactly what I expected!  This ring was beautiful online and even moreso when I received it in person. I'd been researching online for some time trying to find a unique ring with pearls because I didn't want a solitary pearl setting similar to so many others. This is beautiful, unique, and I have received countless compliments already on my ring! I highly suggest this ring to anyone who likes simple yet unique jewelry that stands out in a crowd! <end>
 B000ANJCI8  Natural Peach Pink 9.5-10mm Dewdrop Cultured Pearl 14k Gold Diamond Pendant Necklace 18" - Dahlia Classic Collection ||	  Excellent quality as promised  Great price, quick and responsive customer service, would definitely do business with them again. My girlfriend loves the compliments she gets when she wears this necklace. And I love the benefits of that! <end>
 B000AO37OC  Anam Cara Cuff Bracelet (length  6") ||	  Very cool  Love the words on this bracelet. It's a grown up "best friends" version of the necklace we all had as kids. My only complaint is I feel I have to be super gentle with it. It's very bendy (typical of sterling silver, I think) and also it came already with scratches. Perhaps that's just "the look"...I would've wanted it a little less scratchy if I had the 100% choice. Love it though. Hope my friend likes it  ) <end>
 B000AO7RA2  Sophisticated chandelier earring with blue crystals ||	  Bad Shipping  I ordered these earrings for my sister. when i finally got them the backs bent and one of the earrings had broken off of its backing. the jewelry was obviously badly handled, and would have been fine if it had been shipped properly. don't trust this specific jewelry dealer with your online orders! The earrings were only shipped in a manilla envelope with a little bubble wrap. <end>
 B000AOEELW  Silver Tone Beaded Chain Necklace and Fairy Charm with Pink Crystal Wings ||	  Cute!  I bought this necklace for my 3 year daughter for Christmas. It's so cute and the pink jeweled wings add that extra sparkle. I can't wait to her face when she opens this up! <end>
 B000AQAISS  14k Yellow Gold Triple Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  14k Yellow Gold Triple Circle Pendant, 18"  The service was prompt and the product was in great condition.Thanks!R. Caspers5 out of 5 stars... <end>
 B000AQAIT2  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Circle Drop Pendant, 18" ||	  Too, Too Cute  Just adorable! Easily interchanged with most any size gold chain for several different looks. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Circle Drop Pendant, 18"  The service was prompt and the product was in great condition.Thanks!R. Caspers5 out of 5 stars... <end>
 B000AQECJY  Earspiral Earrings with Swarovski matte Crystal Heart with Rhinestone 14K Gold-filled ||	  eh these are cute  these are cute not as big as i thought they were..kinda difficult to put in and i think way to expensive for this product these shouldnt cost more then $20..cute just way too pricey n im not cheap by any means <end>
 B000AQI5K6  Earspiral Earrings 301S2DI52SS with beads and Sparkly "Disco Ball" Sterling Silver ||	  Disco love  I was skeptical about purchasing these earrings but i have to admit i dont regret my decision! these earrings are beautiful! a bit hard to put on i will admit but gorgeous nonetheless! <end>
 B000AQIL3M  Celtic Knot Moon and Wolf Animorphic Beast Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Pretty  These are so pretty! They are made so you can adjust the length youwant to hang. They have just enough sparkle to wear every day or dress up! I love them and have already ordered them in other colors. <end>
 B000AQVC2E  Our Lady of Fatima charm - XR664 ||	  Pretty  I bough this for the baptism of my niece and it was perfect. The size is exactly what they said and it was very well finished <end>
 B000AS3RCK  Sterling Silver Sapphire Stackable Ring Set ||	  Gorgeous!  This stackable ring set is so gorgeous! I was pleasantly surprised. I was getting worried while waiting for it to be delivered that I wasn't going to like it. But right when I opened the box I saw it sparkling. People might really mistaken it for the real deal...I know I would if I saw something as beautiful as this set on someone elses finger. Plus it stays put on your finger.The only thing I was initially worried about was the sizing. Usually I'm a size 7 on my right hand ring finger and 6 1/2 on my left hand ring finger. It fits my right hand which is where I initially wanted to wear it because I wear a promise ring on my left hand. But it was a little snug. So maybe it's not quite true to size, but then again, I have been gaining weight. So make sure you check the sizing charts on their websites! <end>  LOVE IT!!!  I love these rings!!! looks great sizing right ona bit darker than i thought would be but gorgeous!!!thank you!! will definitely buy from eve's again... <end>  okay  Did not it. Since it was stackable it moved around on my wifes fingers in different directions and she said it would pinch her skin. <end>  Still do not have it!  A stone was missing when I opened the box. I mailed back to exchange and after a month I still do not have the ring. <end>
 B000AS671I  14K Yellow Gold 0.6MM BOX BABY CHAIN 20" ||	  Not happy with Item  It is very difficult to buy gold via the web because the pictures do not show actual size. felt that the item was over priced. It was very thin and the baby snatched it and broke it in the first use. <end>
 B000AS679K  14K Yellow Gold 2.0MM DIAMOND CUT SOLID ROPE 30" NECKLACE ||	  Beautiful Gold  I recently purchased this necklace and I am very pleased. I got many compliments. My own mother asked to wear it for a wedding shower and she got compliments on it too. It shines best in natural sun light. You'll feel good wearing this and never grow bored of it. I anticipate putting it on before I leave the house. Part of why it shines so well is because of how clean the cuts on the little circles are (not sure what the correct term or word is). Augustina is an incredibly great company, and although they are big into pearls the necklaces are for both men and women. Buy this item for yourself or give it to someone as a gift(just imagine the expression on their face when you hand it over to them). Just make sure you know the thickness and length you want. <end>
 B000AS86TO  14K Yellow Gold 2,0MM DIAMOND CUT SOLID ROPE 16" NECKLACE ||	  Beautiful Gold  I recently purchased this necklace and I am very pleased. I got many compliments. My own mother asked to wear it for a wedding shower and she got compliments on it too. It shines best in natural sun light. You'll feel good wearing this and never grow bored of it. I anticipate putting it on before I leave the house. Part of why it shines so well is because of how clean the cuts on the little circles are (not sure what the correct term or word is). Augustina is an incredibly great company, and although they are big into pearls the necklaces are for both men and women. Buy this item for yourself or give it to someone as a gift(just imagine the expression on their face when you hand it over to them). Just make sure you know the thickness and length you want. <end>
 B000AS9SFK  14K Yellow Gold 2.0MM DIAMOND CUT SOLID ROPE 24" NECKLACE ||	  Beautiful Gold  I recently purchased this necklace and I am very pleased. I got many compliments. My own mother asked to wear it for a wedding shower and she got compliments on it too. It shines best in natural sun light. You'll feel good wearing this and never grow bored of it. I anticipate putting it on before I leave the house. Part of why it shines so well is because of how clean the cuts on the little circles are (not sure what the correct term or word is). Augustina is an incredibly great company, and although they are big into pearls the necklaces are for both men and women. Buy this item for yourself or give it to someone as a gift(just imagine the expression on their face when you hand it over to them). Just make sure you know the thickness and length you want. <end>
 B000ASL7ZE  Southwestern Style Animal Track ( Raccoon, Moose, Mountain Lion, Coyote, Beaver, Gray Wolf and Bear ) Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 9, #11873 ||	  beautiful  This ring is just exactly as it's pictured, and simply gorgeous -- and Taos Trading's customer service  fantastic. Highly recommended. . . . <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love this ring... I love wildlife especially wolves and to have their tracks in turquoise on a beautiful sterling silver ring is awesome. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>
 B000ASL84Y  Southwestern Style Animal Track ( Raccoon, Moose, Mountain Lion, Coyote, Beaver, Gray Wolf and Bear ) Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 13, #11873 ||	  beautiful  This ring is just exactly as it's pictured, and simply gorgeous -- and Taos Trading's customer service  fantastic. Highly recommended. . . . <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love this ring... I love wildlife especially wolves and to have their tracks in turquoise on a beautiful sterling silver ring is awesome. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>
 B000AV62VA  SIlver Tone Beaded Stretch Bracelet with Colorful Puppy Dog Charms ||	  Precious pups  Received my bracelet quickly and it was cuter than the picture. I just wish there would of been a daschund as one of the puppies. Thanks for the cute bracelet and awesome pricing! <end>  silver tone beaded stretch bracelet with colorful puppy dog charms  hi loved the charm bracelet, fits very will, and i would mention to everyone else to get one too.lynette russell goulburn nsw <end>  Very Cute!  Purchased two of these for my nieces and they loved them! A little big for little hands but none-the-less they wear them all the time and show them off to friends and family. <end>
 B000AV84G6  Silver Tone Vivid Red Strawberry Stretch Charm Bracelet ||	  Something nice for cheap  This bracelet was gift for my girlfriend who likes strawberries, she liked it very much (she's pretty blunt), the only thing is that it was a tad big for her skinny wrist, so she wears it as an anklet, but it is a good product for a good price. <end>
 B000AV84KC  Stainless Steel Bangle Bracelet For Ladies By Bucasi ||	  Cool looking bracelet  This bracelet is very cool and modern looking. It's made well and is really shiny stainless steel. The clasp/closing mechanism is secure, and I didn't worry at all that it might fall off my wrist. Definitely recommend. <end>
 B000AV8ZOW  Large Celtic Claddagh Heart Locket Sterling Silver Pendant with 18" Chain Necklace ||	  Bad Service  I bought this locket and it got sent to me broke does not stay clasped...I do not recommend this seller they have not responded to me for almost week. Poor service should be ashamed of themselves. Thanks for wrecking my valentines present! <end>  Great Gift  Ordered this as a gift for my Irish wife. It arrived faster than I expected and in perfect condition. Locket charm is robust solid silver and the chain is a thin snake type that seems very stong. I'll ware it if she doesn't. <end>  Irish Christmas Gift  I bought this locket as a Christmas gift for my husband. Both his father and my father come from Irish descent so I wanted something to reflect both my love and our heritage. Needless to say, it worked! He thinks that the locket was a wonderful gift. The locket is durable and detailed. My only issue (why it's 4 stars instead of 5) is the latch on the locket. It works, but it could be improved. For the cost of the locket, I was expecting it to be a little better. I'm afraid after some time it will break but no major issues so far! It has a lot of room for photos, one on either/both side(s). It isn't too feminine looking which was important to me since this was for a guy. It's a good size too! <end>  very nice.  I bought this as a birthday present. It was well appreciated and unlike the reviews I saw it hasn't fallen apart. So far so good! <end>  Heart warming  I have two pictures of the ones I hold in my heart the most, and every time I start to loose hope, all I do is look at them and I'm good again.- soldier in Iraq <end>
 B000AW076A  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality 3-Piece Round 6-6.5mm White Akoya SaltWater Cultured Pearl Necklace & Bracelet & Earrings ||	  Perfect in every way!  I want to thank this seller for a great product and wonderful communication. My wife was stunned by these pearls! I am confident that this product will impress anyone who decides to show their love with this gorgeous pearl set! <end>  A gift well received  Bought this set for my wife's birthday - she loved it.The quality and the pearl dimensions are as promised. She has received many complements for the classic look of the set.The clasp can be tricky for someone to put on by themselves, or if they have a medical condition which limits fine motor detail. <end>  THE BEST EVER!!!!  This is the BEST piece of jewelry my husband could have ever bought me. I have the AAA Quality 3-piece White Akoya SaltWater Cultured Pearl set and it's abosolutly gorgeous, love em, every woman should have a set. Even if your not a big fan of pearls, you will be after you get a hold of this perfectly sophisticated trio. It's not only affordable but it comes with an appraisal certificate as well. Ladies it's a good investment and it's something you can pass down to your daughters. <end>
 B000AWGFVQ  Hoop Chandelier Earrings with Green beads ||	  Great earrings for the price  I actually ordered these for a Halloween costume, but they're really pretty. They're a little more delicate than I thought from looking at the picture, but with normal wear I don't see that being a problem. Overall I was really impressed. The only thing I didn't like were the french ear wires... they made my ears itchy, so they're probably a low grade stainless wire. Not a problem if you don't plan on wearing them all the time. <end>  Great earrings for the price  You can't beat these earrings for the price. They are also very light and delicate and look great with everything. <end>
 B000AWGFW0  Dangle Earrings with Orange Drop Beads ||	  Orange you glad you'll buy these?  Puns aside, these earrings are a great value, just the right size and the orange hue is beautiful. Count me a very satisfied customer. <end>  These are gorgeous!  I would expect to pay 6 times more for these lovely earrings in a boutique shop!I have received compliments on them everytime I've worn them!Beautiful! <end>  Great value  I really love these earrings and wear them quite a bit to spice up work clothes. <end>  Dangle Earrings  I really like these earrings. The only thing to note is that the orange bead looks really fake (like plastic). <end>  Large and plastic  These earings are great for the price, but I was not expecting anything this clunky, and the picture does not convey how plastic looking and feeling the orange "stones" are- there's a ridge around the outside edge from what I assume is the mould. They're also fairly big earings, as long as my thumb. I wish Nvie would show pictures of their jewelery on models so the relative size was more apparent.On the other hand, once I took the section with the orange and black plastic pieces off, the little red bits wrapped in wire made very cute earings on their own! <end>  Almost my favorite pair of earrings  I love these earrings! I get complements everytime I wear them. And the price can't be beat! The only thing I would like to have known beforehand is the length - they are a little longer than I usually wear, but still fun! <end>  Long earrings, very attractive, elongates the face.  These earrings are long, the beads are larger than the picture makes them look, but that is actually a good thing in my opinion. They are more in proportion to my larger frame that way. I didn't think they looked too plastic, and I doubt anyone is going to get all up in my face and judge me for wearing plastic-looking earrings. I think that this pair is very becoming, the color draws attention to the face without making the face seem wider. Very stylish, especially for people with long dark hair, as they do not get lost by virtue of being so colorful. (Sorry for horrible last sentence, too sleepy to edit. Sawee!) <end>  earings  Earings are too big...no way of knowing they were as big as they are...nothing i will wear.... <end>
 B000AWGFWA  Dangle Earrings with Black Onyx beads ||	  Great Earrings!  For the price, these are great earrings. A little on the heavy side, but I love them! <end>  Great Earrings!  These are great earrings! I was looking for black dangle earrings, and the onyx & beads give them style. They can be worn with casual or dress. They are solid and substantial, but not too heavy. <end>  AWEFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  these earings are the worst! they are way too heavy and the rocks on the bottom weent the same color! on was grey and one was black! I dont recommend this! <end>
 B000AXPUJ8  14k Gold Semi Tear-Shaped Precious Drop Earrings ||	  Classic Earrings  These earrings have a very clear, summer sky blue stone. The stones are excellent quality. I sell Fine Jewelry, and I'll tell you, these earrings are set like fine diamonds. I examined them. The gold bar is solid, with a slight outward swell(not straight up and down), that allows the drop to be displayed at it's best. The butterfly back is tension set and very secure. There are no openings in the circles that connect the earring components to the gold bar. Every part of the setting is solid and secure. Generally, I like deeper blue topaz, but these stones are ideal for the way they are set. The earrings are classic and elegant. They are light on the ear and comfortable. They're small--3/4 inch drop from the post. They have movement, but not enough to be distracting. Just enough to be noticed--very appropriate for business wear. These are truly classic, quality earrings that can be worn with anything, from jeans to dresswear. The earrings are presented in a midnight blue suede box with an ivory interior encased in a midnight blue gift box. I received these earrings one day after I was notified of shipment. Thanks again Amazon, I know I can get quality jewelry at a GREAT price from you. <end>  Exquisite  I received these earrings today and am delighted with them. I read the reviews carefully, so I knew the actual size of this item, and the only surprise was how exquisite these little earrings are. The presentation (bag and box) is beautiful -- looks like materials you would be given in a traditional jewelry store. I've posted a couple photos in customer images so you can better visualize the size and see what the earrings are housed in. <end>  Rather small.  The Topaz earring is nice enough and probably worth $45, but be aware that it is smaller than it looks on the web page. The shaft that hangs between the two stones is about 5/16" long; the larger stone is about 3/16" wide and 1/4" high; the small stone is about 3/32" wide. Essentially, you get what you pay for. <end>  cute earrings, but rather small  I had expected larger earrings, mostly because the picture makes the earrings seem bigger. But they are still very nice earrings although probably not earrings that one would use for a cocktail dress, but more every day style stuff, since these go unnoticed. <end>  For $29.99 great price but overall not all that  For $29.99, the white gold and gemstone earrings are a great buy but the stones for the ear posts are rather tiny. For a smaller person (I'm 5' 5"), they would be OK, but for an adult, they are too tiny. The teardrop portion is larger but the teardrop gemstone lacks the fire and dazzle that one usually sees in a true gemstone. I bought these to go with a 14k white gold blue topaz ring I purchased at Macy's clearance fine jewelry for $146 (reg $500). The topaz on the ring is large and shows its class by refracting light very nicely. These stones seem more to be glass than gemstone. Oh, well. For the price, it is to be expected but don't fool yourself that you are buying the caliber of gemstone earrings that you would see in the Macy's fine jewelry case. <end>  My Girlfriends Birthday Present  I agree they are small, but the dimensions are provided. Nice garnets are very difficult to find, because to my knowledge garnet can not yet be grown. So the mined ones are very likely to have all kinds of inclusions. These shined brightly and the size is really right for an earring, I really don't think you'd want them any bigger.One thing, Amazon does not provide a certificate of authenticity, though I have no reason to doubt my purchase, but it keeps these from being a 5 star purchase. <end>  Great earrings for the price  These are beautiful earrings. They are a bit small but the stones are vibrant and rich looking. My only complaint is that the post part of the earring is not very substantial and I feel as though I need to handle them VERY carefully. They are extremely comfortable and have just the right amount of movement to them. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I got these earrings for my wedding in June. They are beautiful and look better than pictured. They arrived well ahead of the scheduled ship date and I am very happy with them. <end>  Adorable and dainty earrings  These earrings are 20mm in length so they are fairly small. They look beautiful with well cut quartz that sparkle against 14k yellow gold. I think I would find a lot of use for them as they can be used for everyday wear. I would definitely recommend them as long as you are aware of the true length. <end>  Absolutely beautiful  Paid $45 for these and worth every penny. They are delicate, the color is brilliant, the stones are very clear. I wore them to work as soon as I got them and received more than a few compliments on them. They would make a wonderful gift for someone, and even better for yourself. <end>  A lot smaller than I had hoped.  I was looking for some earrings as a last minute Christmas gift fir myself. I found these & instantly fell in love with them. The only problem I have with them is that on at least 90% of the earrings on Amazon.com, there is NO size/dimension information. It is hard to determine how large or small an item is based solely on a photo.Still, I ordered these in the hopes I would be pleasantly surprised. They arrived as quickly as everything I order from Amazon.com does. I was a little disappointed in the size as they are quite small! At about 1/3&#34; in overall length, these are more appropriate in size for a young girl or perhaps a very petite woman.Still, the purple in all 4 stones is a deep, rich color of a quality amethyst. I will keep them for that reason, but I really wish Amazon would add dimensions to their jewelry. I was hoping for earrings about twice the length of these. If I had known how small these were, I would have kept looking. <end>  microscopic  can't imagine what type of camera lens they used to represent this product because it is small.Too small to match the amber pendant I bought that I thought would match. Absolutly microscopic. <end>  cheap jewellery  not good - cheap and nasty, bought as a present, but will not give them because they are cheap looking <end>  elegant  Maybe I missed the actual size on the product page, but they are smaller than expected. That's okay as I was worried they would be too big - my wife doesn't like big earrings.I got this at a CyberMonday price. They were still not particularly inexpensive, and I would not have purchased them at their usual price. Yes, I know the price of gold, but these are hardly rare gems. <end>  Poor quality product. More for a child than for an adult. Not worth the price.  Poor quality product. More for a child than for an adult. Not worth the price. I would like my money back and you can have the product back. The product that you display is not the product that I received and returned. The ear rings were not tear drop earrings. If I recall they were studs that were so tiny that they were fit for a child and not an adult. <end>  Not like picture  The color of the gems is fine but from the picture, thought the posts would be longer than they are. Maybe my expectations were too high considering the price paid. <end>  Amazing Amazo drop erarrings beautiful,gorgeous, but small !  As usual, I will buy my fun jewels from the Amazon store, and I think the quality they offer is best in comparison to anywhere. These earrings are no exception, they are gorgeous in the sense of color, as accurate as presented in their computer site. I was excited to get these Mexican jewels and they are a jewel, but there is no way that the size shown is the site is what I received.I expected dangling earrings. They dangle but not beyond your earlobe. The picture for the ad just misrepresents the length. Otherwise, no complaints at all- I love them and will will buy them again in another gem because they are that special  feminine, sparkling and beautiful. They are also held securely- and you can be assured you will not lose one of them.The earrings come in a beautiful blue box that you can keep the gorgeous earrings once you use them, for next time yu wan to wear them. Undoubtedly, well packaged. <end>  nice and beautiful!  Was a valentine's gift to my wife, i think they're beautiful, and my wife expects something bigger, but was amazing the face she puts when open the gift and how she look with them on, i would like something to measure the size or know the scale.small, but perfectly shaped,both the jewel and the gold armor. <end>  Amethyst Gift  Bought this on Valentines Day on the clearance link. My girlfriend loved it. She doesn't know how cheap I got it for. <end>  tiny and love it  my boyfriend got these for my birthday. I looked at the picture and thought they would be tacky and not suitable for everyday. However, they arrived yesterday and I absolutely love them! They are tiny and shiny, everything a girl wants. <end>  too small.  The picture is very misleading. The items are much smaller that the picture leads you to believe. I do like the earrings but I believe the price is too high for the quality of the item. <end>  SMALLL  I guess it was my fault for not comparing measurments. There are verny beutiful ,but really really small and fragile. <end>  pretty earrings  These earrings are big enough to see yet not too big for every day use. They have nice color and clarity. <end>  14K Yellow Gold Tear-shaped Garnet Drop Earrings  These are beautiful earrings. They are a little smaller than what I imagined and visualised from the photos you provided. The stones are also slightly darker than I thought they would be. However I still love them and am happy with my purchase. <end>  Beautiful  The stones are brilliant.White gold that really compliments the stones. I would reccommend this set to anyone. I really love the quality. <end>  Very NIce!  These turned out to be very nice. Mine came just a tiny bit lighter, but close to the color in the picture. The picture is also magnified by about 2x if you are trying to guess the size (they are not as big as they seem in the picture) but they are as described. I gave them to my wife for Christmas, and she has worn them almost everyday since. An unusual dangle that looks great. <end>  Oh so pretty  I'm a huge blue topaz fan. These are gorgeous! Very flattering and not gaudy flashy. You'll love them! I'm not a silver fan, but it works so well with the blue. <end>  Pretty Holiday ear rings  Enjoyed wearing these earrings. I had lots of comments from many people at Christmas time. Many family and friends enjoyed! <end>  Earrings  I would give this five stars but the earrings came with one of the backs missing. Otherwise, they were very nice and my wife enjoyed them very much and a kiss doesn't have to begin with Kay's. <end>  the photo is mis leading  the product is very very small and the photo and description leads you to believe that it is larger. it was a christmas gift but i could not give it, no way. i better ask for measurements next time.The delivery time was good. <end>  Blue Topaz Earrings  The earrings arrived in a timely manner for Valentine's. Appear a little smaller than I had assumed. Look very good and dazzle just enough to make someone happy.Priced right. <end>  PERFECT, CLASSY & ELEGANT  i bought these for my girlfriend last year on a gold box deal, and sprung them on her on new years eve 2008, she loves them, they were a little smaller than i imagined...but they are very classy and elegant, not too dressy, but not overly casual...they could easily be worn everyday <end>  14k Yellow Gold Amethyst Drop Earrings  Product as describe, but it's small. Good packed and fast shipping. Strongly recommend this seller! <end>  small  Not as impressive when you get them. In my experience buying jewelry online, I'm just going to start going to a jeweler. <end>  Nice but smaller than they look  These are beautiful ear rings but they are smaller than they appear in the pictures. Overall very nice. <end>  Earrings  The earrings arrived on time and were just as they appeared in the picture on line. <end>  Good quality but small and pricy  The product is as advertised but is smaller than the pictures suggest. This may be a bit over-priced. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I ordered a pair for myself and liked them. Stones are pretty clear n cute but earrings are smaller than shown in the picture. <end>  Tiny  They are to small to wear, I would not buy it again. They look good on the website, but in real life you need a microscope. Spend a little more, or be embarrassed by that thing. <end>  RIP OFF  I bought this as a gift on 18th December 2008 and they charged me 64.99. On Dec 19th 2008 the price was 39.99. I wouldnt buy anything from these rip offs again. <end>  Very Pretty  After reading the reviews was a little hesitant on purchasing these earrings but they looked so pretty that I ordered them anyway. I am not disappointed !! Yes they are smaller than they look on-line but they are still very pretty. I love them !!! <end>  Nice earrings  The pic is VERY enlarged, but I really like the earrings. Love garnets and these are cute! <end>  Okay for the price  I got these earrings for $18 when they were offered as a gold box deal. They are so tiny, so I was disappointed a little bit at the beginning. They are good for daily use and if you are looking for some less assertive jewelery for wearing them everyday, they may be right for you. Still, I would browse the jewelery section some more before buying these earrings. <end>  quality, but small  These earrings are very nice and of good quality, but they are surprisingly pettite. I bought these as a gift for my bridesmaids and bought a pair for myself a pair. They were all about the color shown on the Amazon product page. 6 months later my pair were no where to be found so I bought a 2nd pair. Alas, my original pair surfaced shortly thereafter. Upon comparing the two sets of earrings, the 2nd set I bought are a much brighter/truer blue, not the typical blue topaz shade. They actually have hints of purple in them when I'm wearing them and the light hits them just right. I don't mind the second pair's color - just warning that there is color variation in what is being shipped out. <end>  Dainty and broken  Gave these as a gift and the recipient was surprised at how "dainty" they were. More importantly, they arrived broken, so she returned them and received credit because they were no longer in stock. I see that they are now available, but would not order them again because of the description I received from the recipient. She did love my 5x7mm swiss blue topaz earrings in white gold so I thought these would be an even more beautiful and elegant gift. I was wrong and wish I'd sent her the same as mine. <end>  Amazing little earrings!  I read all the past reviews before I bought this item and I was a little worried that the earrings might be really small like some of the posters stated. However when they arrived, all doubts were gone. These earrnings are sooo cute! and for that price??? Definitely worth it.The blue color is gorgeous; much prettier than comparables in Macy's. The overall size is perfect for an average woman (I'm 5'5). It has a little dangle for the movement. Overall, its a classic; something I would wear over and over again.The pictures I've attached shown the earrings come within a little blue pouch in a blue box; and the look of earrings on a real person. <end>  Definitely worth the price  These little things are a perfect size for someone who doesn't want to be too gaudy. They shimmer and glint in the sun or in artificial light and the blue is just light enough not to look like a toy. My girlfriend isn't a big fan of colored jewelry so I took a shot in the dark on these for a little "I love you" present and she was really pleased with them (or she's an amazing actress haha). This would be an amazing present for a young couple. <end>  They are much smaller than I thought  I am a small person and I don't usually wear large earrings to work. But I must say that these are really small. The whole thing is only about an inch tall. The picture makes them seem a lot bigger. They are beautiful and if you want a pair of earrings to wear during the day these are perfect. <end>  Excellent value for gold and real gemstones  I bought these for a gift. They are beautiful, good quality earrings. They are exactly as described. These are dainty, feminine earrings--very pretty on someone with short hair. I'm seriously thinking about buying a pair for myself.Some put in their reviews that the earrings were much smaller than expected. I found this pretty funny--even breakfast cereal is pictured larger than actual size on the box. I believe "enlarged to show detail" is the expression. I hope most people get that you have to look at the actual dimensions to know what size the product is. <end>  Too small-but I did not check dimensions  I returned the earrings. They were much smaller than they appeared, but I did not check dimensions in the description, so this is really my fault. Otherwise, delivery was quick and no problem with the return. <end>  Beuatiful Earrings  These earrings were beautiful. I bought them for my finace and she loved them. They arrived just in time for Christmas. <end>  very elegant and nice  i really like this earing. Are very elegant and original. I wear them at work and in the evenings. Although, I expected them longer <end>  Elegant & classy - Very clear stone  These are the perfect gift for my niece who is graduating from college. She loves to wear light blue and these are a lovely color of aqua blue. She is also allergic to most metals, so the fact that these are white gold meets that requirement. She mostly wears just post earrings because she is a really active young lady. I think this dangle is small enough to be a bit dressier without getting in the way. These would be great for a party, work or everyday wear, but I don't know if I would want to sleep in them.Quality -The stone is clear, cut well and sparkles like a crystal, plus the dangle and 3 prong setting lets more light in and shows off the color and sparkle well. Under a magnifying glass I can see some imperfections, but I'm not a jeweler, so I am visually very happy with the overall clarity.-The construction of how the stones are set and the loops where the movable parts connect are all very solid and look like they should hold up well. The post has a notch wear the clasp backing locks into securely.-The post and back of the clasp are both stamped with 14K, Mexico and 2 other symbols which I couldn't read (maker's ID?). I like to see this since the packaging doesn't label that it is real topaz & 14K white gold. (I'm going to cut the description from the packing slip and add it to the inside of the box, so my niece knows it's safe for her to wear without having to get a magnifying glass out.)-The velvet bag and cotton padded box are attractive and are a bonus to the gift giving aspect. <end>  Unpleasant Suprise  Very small, the second I saw the box and packaging I was disappointed. I planned to give them to my wife but they are to small, but the design is to mature for my 11 year old. <end>  perfect and feminine!  My daughter loved these so much, I'm going to get my daughter in law and myself a pair as well! <end>  Pretty and what I expected  A lot of reviews complain that these earrings are small. For me they are the perfect size, that said, I'm glad I had read they were small because I do think they look different on the order page. I'm using them to wear for work (with toddlers, who tend to want to pull on anything much longer) or for playing tennis (where I get distracted by large earrings) and they work great for that. They don't really seem too formal for these situations since they are a bit smaller. <end>  Nice, very nice earrings  Agradables, muy agradables pendientes, (zarcillos), fueron para un regalo y la persona qued&ograve; muy impresionada por el regalo.Me gane unos puntos!!! Je Je Je.Saludos, Ali desde Venezuela.Nice, very nice earrings (earrings) were for a gift and the person was very impressed by the gift.I win some points! Je Je Je.Regards, Ali from Venezuela. <end>  Very pretty  These earrings are beautiful, though much smaller than they appear in the picture and the color is not as vibrant. They are delicate, so you have to treat them with care when putting on/taking off. <end>  totally love this pair!  It's so gorgeous! Considering its 14K gold and I only paid less than $50 for it!I hope there's a matching necklace... <end>  Very Small  When I received these earrrings I was a little disappointed with the size. Very small! I would have returned, but too much of a hassle. <end>  Smaller than it seems  Pros  The metal seems to be be true as described as "14K Yellow gold." The pouch that it came with was cute and appropriate for the product. The product was delivered on time as it was promised.Cons  The gemstone (garnet), though small, lacks the luster as other garnet gemstone would look like.It is also smaller than I expected for the the price it was listed (please see picture with a pen cap adjacent to it). The box that it came with was crushed. So disappointed with the packaging. <end>  disappointed in product  I was very disappointed in this set of earrings. On the pictures,these looked beautiful. However, in actuality, they are VERY smalland short. They are only about 1/2 inch long.I had planned on purchasing other stones in this same style, butnow I will not. <end>  Really tiny earrings!  I had read reviews discussing how tiny these earrings are, but was still surprised when I opened them. I would almost say the size is more appropriate for a child, but the design would not be appropriate for a child. They are made well, pretty, but know that these are really tiny earrings. <end>  too small  These earrings are much smaller than the picture indicates. They are cute but the price is too high for the quality you receive. <end>  Cute - but TINY  I was surprised to see these when they arrived. The picture is misleading - it would be helpful to put something else in the picture to give the buyers a better idea of just how small this item truly is. <end>  I love them!  These earrings are dainty and cute. If you are looking for something bold and striking, I would not recommend them. They are about 20mm in the length, fairly small. The amethysts are a beautiful color and look perfect with the 14k gold. I bought these as a gift for my mom and I think they are a steal for under $40. <end>  Nice  They're very pretty. They are, however, a little smaller than I expected. It's hard to get an idea of the size from the picture. <end>  Beautiful and affordable  I bought these originally for a gift and after they arrived I decided that I could find something else to give as a gift, that I wanted them for myself. I have metal allergies and these don't affect me at all. The blue topaz are absolutely beautiful and I got them for only $40. I think I got a great deal for a beautiful pair of earrings. <end>  Beautiful  Yes, they are small, but they are very nice at that size. I like the intense color of the stones and the balance-they dangle beautifuly. <end>  absolutely beautiful!  These earrings are so beautiful! The blue is very clear and the stone is wonderful and reflects different colors in certain light. I bought this as a gift, but liked it so much that I am buying a pair for myself! <end>  Worth the money that I spent  My wife had a blue topaz pendent and I wanted to buy this ear ring set. Worth the every penny that I spent. Highly recommend it. <end>  nice for the price.  thought these would be just bit bigger but i was not mad about that. The only thing bad about them was they look kind of cheap if you dont get them polished you would think tey would have that done before sending it to you but my g/f is happy with them and for 20$ i think i got a goood deal. <end>  stunning beautiful.  December, blue topaz,beautiful, drop earrings,I wore them for Christmas & got many coments on how beautiful they are. I love them, I will get more of them, they are beautiful.. <end>  good value  A good deal for the price. If you like the color, these are nice earrings. She'll like them. <end>  very shining  The color is beautiful sky blue, and the stones are even more shining than the one I bought in Macy's. Very happy with this purchase. <end>  lovely  My boyfriend gave me these for Christmas and I really love them. They are rather small, but I think they are perfect. I have short hair these days so they are really great about not overwhelming my ears. The stones are just gorgeous, I could stare at them all day. I say they are a great buy.  ) <end>  Value for money  These are nice earrings that are a good value for the money. They are very cute and a decent size, the only thing holding them back is gold coated. <end>  small earings  The earings are pretty but petty. If you have long earlobes like mine, the earings become loose. <end>  Very Pleased  very good. The color matches the amethyst that I purchased in Brazil. I am glad that I made the purchase. <end>  couldnt be happier-  they are beautiful and delicate. i just love the way they sparkle. thanks, amazon! <end>
 B000AXQJ98  ANTIQUE STYLE MARQUISE & ROUND PAVE CZ BAND ||	  Delicate Ring  I've owned this ring for about 7 yrs. I wear it on a daily basis. Some of the finish has worn off to reveal the silver underneath, but that is ok. I wear it with my platinum and diamond art deco wedding ring. It is a fantastic match. It is very thin in size so it looks best with another ring along side. No one ever questions that it is not real or vintage. Would purchase again if I ever lost the original. <end>
 B000AXVNJO  10k Gold Channel-Set Gemstone Hoop Earrings ||	  very bad quality  I bought these earings for my daughter couple of months ago. It seemed okay they were 10K yellow gold fo a 4year old, but after 1 month of wearing them they turned copper like color. I don't think there is any type of gold left there. I think they were covered with a thin layer of gold. They look bad now and I would like to be able to return them.I never got any kind of certificate of quality with these earings and I understand why.they looked nice in the picture and maybe fort the first month. <end>  Beautiful and comfortable hoops  This item is exactly as described/shown. I would recommend this item. <end>  Nice quality for the money  Bought these as a gift for my sister-in-law. They look very nice on her, and she says that she loves them. She has had no problems with tarnishing or any issues with the jewels. The clasp seems strong and sturdy. <end>
 B000AXWXIY  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Toe Ring ||	  Toe Ring  wore this toe ring one day and POOF the stone was gone so it sits in a pile of other broken sterling silver rings and things <end>
 B000B0Y3O8  1.5mm Sterling Silver 18" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Beautiful  I got this chain about 3 days after I placed the order for it, and I was just amazed at how pretty it was when I unboxed it. I just love the feel of the link, as it is smooth, and wont tangle in my hair like most open links. This chain also feels sturdy, I plan on wearing my new cross on this chain, and I feel confident the chain is going to hold up well to daily wear, and not kink, or break. <end>  Nice Chain  If you need a chain like this, this was a great price and came quickly in the mail. It is very sturdy also. <end>  Fun and durable chains  I always seem to lose my expensive bracelets and necklaces, but this I have worn every single day and it's still on and looks great! <end>  Exactly what it looks like  Perhaps I was fooled by the picture when I shouldn't had been. The necklace wasn't exactly what I expecting. I wanted to attach a pendent on the necklace and give as gift but it just didn't work. <end>
 B000B0Y3SE  Sterling Silver Open Chain Link Knot Rope Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Misleading!  The image makes it look a lot more detailed and oxidized than it actually is. In reality it's very shiny and thin. I was kinda upset when I opened it and found this. It's not bad, just not what I was expecting. Not worth the return shipping, so I'll probably be gifting this. <end>  cute! nice everyday ring  Very simple design. Extremely light and thin-feeling, but there's no high risk of breaking it since there's no parts extending off this ring. <end>
 B000B0Y3SY  Sterling Silver Marcasite and Garnet Ring Size 7(Size 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Satisfied Customer  When I originally received this ring, I noticed a flaw in the stone. I e-mailed the distributer and they quickly replaced it with a new one of excellent quality. I would recommend this company any day. <end>
 B000B0ZNQ0  Sterling Silver Round Brilliant 5mm Pink Ice CZ Stud Post Earrings ||	  Very cute earrings!  I bought these for my 7 year old daughter. She has received so many compliments about them, they are really adorable! She's worn them every day for the past month and they are holding up very well. I think they're a great bargain! <end>
 B000B11NTA  1.5mm Sterling Silver 16" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Not the Old Ball and Chain  This chain is exactly what I was looking for at about half the price! It is sturdy enough to hold a heavy charm, yet looks delicate and feminine around the neck. It's also the perfect length! I'm very pleased with this purchase! <end>  Ball chain necklace  I will never get another box chain again! The ball chains are deff the way to go! Beautifull!! <end>  Just as I Ordered  I ordered this necklace and when it arrived (which was way earlier than I expected) it was just as the seller had described. No flaws and just the right length. Shipment was, as I just said, faster than I expected. A great deal and a wonderful experience! <end>
 B000B12TW0  Sterling Silver Pink Enamel Round Medallion Pendant with Hearts, Stars, and Scrollwork on 18" Chain Necklace ||	  enamel pendant  i have the orange one, its pretty. i get so many compliments when i wear it. <end>
 B000B12TXY  Sterling Silver Square Garnet Poison Locket Box Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Need lots and lots of poison  I have always wanted a poison ring--so medieval, so Borgia. I shopped around quite a bit until I settled on this one. It isn't represented correctly in the photograph  the stone is much, much smaller (hence t he comment about needing "lots and lots of poison), and the lock that is supposed to keep the ring closed catches on everything and flips open. I should have sent it back, I know, I know, but I waited too long. I suppose I will glue the ring shut and love everyone too much to poison them...I don't even know what I would use or where I would get it, anyway. Alas, not a "real" poison ring, but all it takes is the power of suggestion, right? <end>
 B000B413E2  Sterling Silver CZ Anchor Charm Anklet ||	  Love it...so danty!  I love my anchor anklet. It is so danty. Being a cruiser, I was looking for something to show off my love for cruise vacations! <end>
 B000B413FQ  Sterling Silver Sapphire CZ Three Stone Ring ||	  One word...WOW!  This ring is so lovely, and so well constructed that nobody believes me that its not an estate peice! I have gotten daily compliments on it, and even my regular jewler was impresed! <end>  Hmmm  I bought this item partially based on the 5 star review. I would say that there is no way that a person would mistake this ring as being real, near or far. It looks like inexpensive costume jewellery. Also the edges are really really sharp and when I do wear it catches on things and cuts me with the corners. <end>
 B000B413H4  Sterling Silver Emerald CZ Three Stone Ring ||	  Lovely ring, but short-lived  It was beautiful and difficult to discern from the real thing. After some time, the cz emerald accumulated scratches and lost its lustre. If there was a way to restore it by buffing out the scratches and making it reflective again, that would be wonderful. As it is, it's an alright buy--it is silver and only $40, but I would've liked to see the stone hold out a bit longer for that price. <end>  LOVE this ring!  I can't find enough reasons to wear this ring - I buy more green clothing just to show it off. It's gorgeous and I always get compliments on it. <end>  Sterling Silver Emerald Ring  Wow, this ring is beautiful. The size and color of the stone is amazing. The picture does not do it justice. Just beautiful!! <end>  Incredible!  With green being my favorite color I couldn't wait to get this ring! I've recently started wearing silver again and this beauty just made a permanent place on my finger!! The deep, dark green is beautiful and the stones accenting it down the side just make it that much more beautiful. The feel is great and the size of the stones are just big enough to not make it look like costume jewelry. <end>  Gorgeous ring!  I've had it for over a month and I still am in love with it! the stones are beautiful color, the silver still looks great. I normally wear a size 7 and this one was a little big so it digs into another finger since it moves too much. But it looks so real. Very glad I choose this one. <end>  Emerald ring  I LOVE this ring..The quality is extremely fine..and its much prettier than I thought it would be..I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a well made Emerald and sterling silver ring <end>  So pretty!  This ring is so pretty!! The color is amazing and it looks like a really fancy ring...without having to pay the cost of having a really pretty ring!! Fit is perfect! <end>  Emerald CZ  the ring is very nice. The emerald is a nice rich color and the side CZ's are bright. Nice weight. <end>  Love it  I just got the ring today and put it on right away. The emerald is bigger than I thought it would be but I really like the look of the ring. I even got a compliment on it today. It has pretty diamonds accenting the band that I didn't notice in the picture. Overall I am happy with the purchase am just worried about the other review with the scratching. Will update if it becomes a problem. <end>
 B000B41L0I  Childs Sterling Silver Baby Unicorn Horse Ring Size 3(Sizes 1,2,3,4) ||	  My daughter absolutely LOVED it!  my five year old daughter was SO suprised and happy when I got this little gift for her in the mail. She LOVES unicorns, and has worn this ring EVERY day since we got it. Thanks a lot for putting a smile on my little girls face. <end>  baby ring  I bought this ring for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves it. She is two and already likes to wear jewelry like her grandma! I would recommend this to others for the children in their lives. <end>  Love this horse ring  My step daughter loves horses. I found this ring and bought it for her. she doesnt take it off at all, awesome purchase. <end>  Perfect!  This ring was perfect. Though it was an inexpensive gift, my granddaughter thought it was her first real jewelry and was delighted. <end>  Unicorn ring passes the test!  My now 4 year old daughter did not ask much for her birthday. Just a few specific things, including a "horsey ring". I hopped on Amazon and did a search for horse rings. The only appropriate item that pulled up was this silver unicorn ring. At 5.99 I couldn't go wrong! I honestly was not expecting much. When it came in the mail I ws thrilled. This is a really nice ss ring. Not bendable or pliable--sturdy! And, it passed my 4 year olds request. She really likes it. Very pleased!!! <end>
 B000B439BC  Sterling Silver Round Bezel Set CZ Bubbles Anklet ||	  Love it!  I absolutely love this anklet!! It has 2 safety clasps. I would highly recommend it. <end>  Wife loves this Anklet!  This was my wife's email when she received her gift from me  "I love the anklet!!! I put it on right away. At first I thought it was a bracelet but then I glanced at the packaging slip. The anklet is very cute." <end>
 B000B56M4M  14kt White Gold Diamond Cut Huggie Hoop Earrings ||	  small huggies  These are perfect for a second hole earring or for small earlobes. If this is what your looking for as I was, then they are perfect. <end>  beautiful  These earrings are a very nice addition to my jewelry collection. They are small so they definitely work best in the second hole to complement a larger earring. <end>
 B000B5GNXM  Four Petal Cross-stitch Silver Natural Seed Pearl Stud Earrings - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  pretty, but small  Unfortunately these are much smaller than I had hoped. I'm keeping them because they are pretty, but I wish they were twice the size. I'm sure the size is listed on the description and it's my mistake for not noticing. <end>  Very pretty, very very slight defect.  These earrings are great. It's nice to have such pretty studs. However, I am nit-picky. One of the pearls is slightly off as far as symmetry goes. It's something that bothers me because they are a $50 dollar pair of earrings (not earrings from Claire's or Target). Still, they're beautiful. <end>  Pearl earrings  This was a gift to my wife, and she loves them. Very interesting setting and with the silver makes a very nice accompaniment to a dressy outfit too. <end>
 B000B5GNYQ  Gemini Silver Natural Seed Pearl Earrings, Natural - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  Beautiful earrings, but much smaller than they appear!  I bought these thinking that they were larger and would dangle more. They are actually quite small but are still beautiful. Very delicate and understated. <end>
 B000B5GRHY  14kt Yellow Gold Huggie Hoop Earrings ||	  gold huggies  These earrings are so small they hardly fit around the upper part of the lob.Great at $35.00. <end>  perfect everyday earrings  i don't feel dressed without earrings, but don't always want to wear "important" jewelry and nickle irrtates me, so these are perfect for everday. i got them for 49.+ but even for $55 they're a bargin. i'm buying them today because i lost one.the huggie style is secure because you feel a "click" and they won't fall out. <end>  Perfect for little girls  I purchased these for both of my young girls 3 years ago and they are sturdy and have yet to lose them. <end>
 B000B5KVPS  White AAAA Cultured Pearl Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Stud Earrings (LS1B) ||	  Pretty pearls for a good price  These "big" pearl studs arrived quickly, in time for me to wear to a wedding. I am no expert, but they are very pretty. One of the posts was bent just a tiny bit, but not enough for me to bother with a return. I do like the fact that these pearls are not perfectly spherical, as they sit nicely on my earlobes. <end>  You get what you pay for....  These would have been good except one of the earrings, the clasp failed (wouldn'nt stay on, the groove wasn't correctly made). They weren't as nice as I'd hoped but then again, you do get what you pay for. <end>  7.5 8mm AAAA Cultured Pearl Platinum Overlay  I was very pleased with the quality of the pearls. They were just the right size and the description was very accurate. They were delivered ahead of the estimated arrival date. I would definitely purchase from this company again. <end>  Beautiful and a Great Bargain for the Price  I received these earrings yesterday (7/15/11) and immediately put them on. They are a little bigger than I am used to, but they are simply gorgeous. I only noticed on teeny tiny flaw (they earrings came out of their position in the box en route, so I suspect the earring was nicked while inside the box). Otherwise, a great buy for the price. <end>  Perfect  In my honest opinion, I think the pearls a little bit too big for my wife's ear. I guess that can be a good thing, since it draws a lot of attention to her earrings. I think the perfect size for her would've been about 6-7mm. But, that's not Dahlia's fault, it was our own miscalculation.Still the luster is incredibly high, and there are no visible defects. This was a great buy. It was inexpensive, but incredibly beautiful and of high quality. My wife wears these all the time now. <end>  Extremely Pleased  I'm very happy with this purchase. The luster is very nice and they're very well shaped. I'm always concerned when buying jewelry online, but this was definitely a great purchase! They come in a cool box also! <end>  Beautiful  Exactly what I hoped it would be. Nice size for a preteen, beautiful color and shape. Thank you! We love them. <end>  Elegant  Beautiful and elegant. Perfect size to wear alone or as a second pair if you have multiple piercings in your ears. I'm wearing them right now and paired them with my cz studs which are slightly larger than the pearls and they are a perfect combo! The little Chinese embroidered bag (mine was red) is so pretty and unique, they make a perfect gift. Shipping was fast...very fast. I received my shipment within days of placing order; Wow, Dahlia, I am VERY impressed. Will definitely buy from Dahlia Jewels again. And also from Amazon, who has never disappointed. Thanks!! <end>  Love these pearls  I bought these pearl earrings to replace a pair of my Honora Cultured Pearl Earrings that I recently lost. They are the perfect size, look beautiful, and have a nice luster. I would recommend these for anyone who love pearls and is looking for a pair of earrings. These earrings would also make a nice gift. They are great to wear everyday or for special occasions and give a nice classic look to any outfit. <end>  Great Price, Perfect Earrings  These earrings were exactly what I was looking for; I wanted something that wasn't too big and flashy. These earrings are elegant and classy, and arrived in a very pretty red bag. They were also shipped immediately and I received them within a few days of placing the order. I couldn't ask for better service or for a better price. <end>  Pretty, but be careful  The size is perfect for everyday wear. I wore these half a dozen times and then lost one of the pearls; fortunately it was indoors and I found the missing pearl so I was able to glue it back on the post. <end>  Great Looking!!  Arrived very quickly, earlier than expected. They look great - lustrousand shiny. Nice finish. Look great with casual or dressy clothing. Sizeis good, but was expecting a button type (flatter) rather than a stud type(round) earring. Wearing them anyway. <end>  Good customer service  The first pair was badly mismatched but the company promptly replaced them with a beautiful pair. I wear them a few times a week. <end>  Great Value  These earrings are beautiful and inexpensive. Bought them for my daughter and she loves them! Perfect size and nicely boxed! A wonderful gift. Were delivered quickly. <end>  Lovely  I bought two pair for Christmas presents. They are lovely and I am looking forward to giving them to my ovely daughters. <end>  Nice size.  Nice size pearl and color for the prices. I would have given these 5 stars except the posts are pretty flemsey. They have already bent. I can fix the post, but have to be careful not to damage the earring since they are delicate. Recommend the seller uses better posts to make this a solid investment. These are great for someone who wants an inexpensive, authentic basic pearl earrring. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  I purchased these, as Christmas gifts for my two grandnieces. Since I did not have much money to spend on gifts, I searched many different online stories to get the best deal. I purchased pearl earrings from a different online store and ended up sending them back. These are very beautiful, no marks on the pearls as the other ones had. The girls are going to love them. <end>  Not the same size  Bought these earrings but they were different sizes and unacceptable as gifts. Also, as best as I can tell there is no such thing as a quadruple A rating for pearls. Would not buy again and shame on Amazon for serving this to its customers. <end>  Decent earrings for the price.. slightly discolored  First off, these were not expensive pearls. Immediately when I opened the box I was able to see that one pearl was much more yellow than the other. However, when you have them in each ear, you really can't tell. They work for the price point. If you want truly flawless pearls, you should be paying alot more than this. Good button shape, good size, good packaging. <end>  Fantastic Value  These earrings were such a fantastic value. Their luster and quality were equivalent to a pair that I saw at a jewelers for 10 times the amount. <end>  quality product  I just got those Pearl Stud Earrings, and I love them. I will proudly present them to my girl-friend without hesitation. They are elegant, classy and practical. Good Service and quality. <end>  Very nice  I purchased these for the young lady who was the guest book attendant at my wedding and they looked lovely on her. She has since worn them to church, to a school dance and to have her pictures taken. Definitely a good purchase. <end>  great price and earrings!  These earrings were a great price as well as nice quality silver studs. The button pearls were not too flat, just right in shape. It also came nicely packaged in a very pretty green jewelry pouch. <end>  Great earrings at a fantastic price  These earrings are fantastic. They are so small and they look great on. They are the perfect size, not too big or too small. I love them and wear them everyday. <end>  Love them!  I wear these studs every day. They are the perfect size, very comfortable, backings are secure. Delivery was really fast too! <end>  Great Earrings!  I purchased these to wear for my wedding on 04/18/2009. They are very pretty! I like them a lot! <end>  Cute Studs  These studs are cute--perfect size, good quality, and inexpensive. I have a white pair and a black pair that I can switch up for any occasion. I'm looking forward to wearing the white ones with my Dahlia white pearl bracelet for my wedding.  ) <end>  Simple and beautiful  My wife loves these! Along with a matching pendant, they provide a simple yet classic look to complement her beauty. The pearls have a lovely color, without blemish, and the size is just right. I am pleased with the price and the shipping service. This is the way to go for a gift without breaking the bank. <end>  perefct size, great quality  I have the white ones. They are the perfect size for every day wear. Not gaudy or flashy, but practicle. You can't beat this value for the money. <end>  Great compliment to pearl pendant necklace!  Great pearl studs - They are the perfect compliment to Dahlia's Vine Spiral Cultured Pearl Pendant Necklace. My wife is very happy with them and likes that they can be worn for all occasions. <end>  Classic look....perfect size  These pearl stud earrings are the perfect size and classic look I was going for. Love them and love the company...great customer service and fast shipping. <end>  Great studs  These stud earrings are a great size. I wear them everyday. They look really nice and are inexpensive. <end>  Great studs  These pearl studs are very nice. They will compliment any outfit that needs that little extra touch. <end>  very classy  I got these for my wife and she loves them. They are just the right size (not too big and not too little) for her ears. It's a very classy look. <end>  Great little pearl earrings.  I received these within a few days after ordering and I am very pleased with them. They're small, which I like and the pearls are very pretty. Great earrings especially for the price. I would definitely buy from Dahlia Jewelers again. <end>  Perfect  I bought these for one of my bridesmaids, for my wedding, but when I saw them, I had to wear them for myself! They are the perfect pearl and I love them! They even came with a beautiful silk pouch that I didnt even know came with! <end>  fantastic  this earing is perfect for how simple and elegant it is, i am actually wearing it for my wedding. i was completely happy with it. <end>  Great earrings  The earrings look great and are a great price. They have a good color and are a good size...something you could wear a lot. I bought these as a gift and she loves them. <end>  Very satisfied  I received these earrings very promptly and they are exactly as described. Color is great with sturdy posts. They are large sized pearls so if you have small ear lobes you may want to go down a size. <end>  Definitely Disappointed  I just got these in the mail today and I'm sad to say that they're pretty scratched up. It's not like I got out a magnifying glass, it was at first glance that these looked pretty banged up. I wish they would have come in better condition so that I could say that these were worth the money I spent, but they just weren't. The $5 crappy ones from Wal-Mart look better than these do.Also majorly bummed that everyone else who left a review seemed to have a great experience and I didn't  ( <end>  Good value  One of the most prompt services we have ever experienced. Beautiful large white cultured pearl stud earrings -quite as described, and gorgeous looking! Thank you, Dahlia. <end>  It's just ok. You get what you pay for.  I bought this as a present and noticed there were inclusions on both pearls. Not noticeable unless you're six inches away looking for defects. Also, one was slightly smaller than the other... You get what you pay for? <end>  Little earrings  Bought for my second holes on ear lobes, they are the perfect size. The backs are small but not too tiny to grab, they won't "fight" with my front earring backs, too. Mine came with a blue bag (very traditional Chinese design---I love it), which is my favorite color. <end>  Wonderful, exactly what I wanted!  I ordered these for a wedding that I was in, and I was pleasantly surprised with my transaction. Not only were they shipped extremely fast, but they were packaged in a delightful pretty little box. And the earrings are great! In fact, I'm wearing them right now. I saw that other reviewers commented on the back slipping off, but I haven't experienced that yet. All in all, a great buy! <end>  Pleased twice  Twice I have ordered this product. Both times I have been extremely pleased. Not only has the product been delivered quickly, the earings are just beautiful. They glimmer and sparkel. The pearls are very elegant. i am very happy with this purchase and will definiately buy Dahlia products again. <end>  Very pretty, just what I was looking for  These are perfect pearls for everyday wear. Not too small, not too big (check the measurements though, don't go by the picture). No visible blemishes, and personally, I love the button shape. Quick shipping also. <end>
 B000B5KVQ2  Lavender AAAA Cultured Pearl Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Stud Earrings (LS1B) ||	  lavender earrings  Nice earrings at great price. Not as round as the white ones, but nice lavender, silvery color. Came in pretty green jewelry pouch. <end>  Very nice pale lavender earrings  I received these earrings as a gift by purchasing and reviewing a more expensive pair of earrings. They are a lovely size and the color match is reasonably close for such an inexpensive pair of earrings. Small and simple enough for every day,they can still add a nice touch to going out for the evening after work. <end>  Lovely lavender  Not too small, not too big. Just right for everyday but pretty enough for dress-up. I forget I have them in. Most earrings bother me if I don't take them out, but these do not. The color is a rich shade of lavender (I held them up next to my pink pearls and these are lavender). But the color is also subtle, which I like. <end>  Lavender Pearl Earrings  These are very lovely pearl earrings. The color looks more pink than lavendar, but can't complain. It's a perfect size. Can be worn dressed up or dressed down. I just love it. <end>  The lavender pearl earrings are gorgeous!  I am not a big pearl lover but I believe that just changed with these lovely lavender pearl studs. I was also truly impressed that the posts had the notches in them so that the earring would not back out. Simple, lovely and can be worn with any type outfit! Stunning. <end>  Perfect Size!  I have three holes on each side of my ears and many times I don't want my ears look "too busy" with all three pairs of earrings. The size of these pearls are perfect. The "button" shape of the pearls makes the earrings not so bulging and the pearls are "shiny." The lavender color on the earrings is darker and more purple than the ones shown online. (I think the lavender ones shown on the pictures are more peach than purple. Maybe it's just my poor eye sight.) The friction post is perfect because the back of the earrings stays on very well. <end>
 B000B5KVQC  Willow Cultured Pearl Sterling Silver Dangle Earrings - Various Colors ||	  Excellent Product  The earrings I purchase were wonderful! They were exactly as stated on the website and the shipping was very prompt. I would definitely recommend them to anyone. <end>  fabulous earrings  So happy with the earrings. Were exactly as promoted and arrived right on time. Would certainly recommend this seller. <end>
 B000B5MFC0  White Cultured Pearl Leather Lariat Necklace w. Heart Shaped Silver Slider ||	  Soooooo cute  I ended up getting this in lavender because the white was out of stock. It's lovely and groovy. I know I'll wear it a lot.Very pleased with the service and the packaging. <end>
 B000B5MFD4  Waterfall Droplet Cultured Pearl Silver Necklace ||	  Great way to buy Jewelry  I don't normally buy jewelry online but couldn't resist when my son sent me a giftcard for online shopping. After many days of looking, I kept coming back to this necklace. It was exactly what I was looking for. I ordered it on the weekend, with Memorial Day being that Monday, and received it that Wednesday. This is extremely excellent service and when I opened the box, the necklace I received was exactly like the picture. I would feel proud to let anyone know where I got this necklace and about your great service. This is much better than shopping in department stores these days. Thank you! <end>
 B000B5MFEI  White AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (LS1R2) ||	  Excellent gift  I'm blown away by the quality of these pearls. Of course, it's not perfect, and there are minor flaws. The flaws are so minute, you would have to be close and look for them.In my opinion, to get a perfect pearl necklace would require a lot of money. I think the flaws, to a certain extent, give the necklace character. The luster is incredibly high. The uniformity is pretty close to perfect. I think this was an excellent buy. <end>  Just OK  Thr rose clasp was very small and insignificant. The pearls are pretty but the necklace was stiff and needs some working in. The packaging was OK because I bought it for myself, had it been a gift I would have been upset. <end>  Beautiful Pearls  Purchased these for my girlfriend recently, they came in a nice little box. They hang fluidly right out the box, no stretching or breaking in needed. Just like the description says...overall I would say these make a very nice gift. <end>  Absolutely amazing necklace for my wedding  I bought a set for my wife to wear at our wedding. Pearls look stunning, the clip is easy to open and prevents from loosing the necklace. <end>  Pretty  This piece is pretty but it was alittle too tight on the neck for me. I wish I would have looked to see if it was avail. in a longer style. I will look again. Unfortunately i sent it back. <end>  Beautiful Set  This is a beautiful set of pearls. They have a lovely luster and color. The shape of each pearl is not perfect, but it is a great price for the quality. <end>  Good  These are a gift for my mom, just got them yesterday. Looks like a choker pearl necklace, so I'm a bit worried she won't like them. I figured they would hang a bit lower on the neckline. Probably, my fault since I know very little about necklace lengths. I do like the size of pearls though. <end>  Great Pearls for the price  I bought these pearls for my wife to wear on our wedding day. She loved them and they (and her) looked stunning. The pearls are very closely uniformed and half only very mild (only detectable from inches away) blemishes. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that the knotting in the silk was so tight it came out of the box quite kinked. No worries, it straightened right out with a little exercise. All in all a great product! <end>  Perfect Gift  This necklace was a Christmas gift for my daughter-in-law. It is beautiful! Much nicer than more expensive strands I looked at. I couldn't be more thrilled with my purchase! <end>
 B000B5MKA2  Isabella Rose 9-10mm Pearl Dangle Sterling Silver Earrings - Various Pearl Colors ||	  Pretty earrings!  I love this earrings! it is very pretty. The quality is very good. Beautifully designed - it is so feminine. The rose motif is so cute. Also it came in a very nice wrapping. Excellent service. I am quite satisfied with this product and their service. <end>
 B000B5O7Z8  Sterling Silver Round Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Snake Chain  This necklace is very pretty. The only problem with this necklace is the spring ring clasp. The necklace clasp turns and catches the underside of my hair. Ouch! I had to cut the hair from the chain. Until I take it to change the clasp, it will be pony tail only necklace. <end>  Just what I needed  a great looking vehicle to display a special sterling art pendant. Well made, soder joints sturdy and chain has thus far resisted kinking like some do. <end>  it was good  A little thinner than expected .....but good quilityPackaged nicely ...over all I was happy with the purchaSE i made <end>  lovely chain  I bought this for my husband. He loves it, and wears it everyday. Very sleek and well made. Looks great. <end>  tarnish!  Supposed to be sterling.. It's not, sterling doesn't turn black like this thing does.. Wish I would've stuck with the Peter Stone silver I usually get. <end>
 B000B5OF14  Silver Deco Rose Drop Cultured Pearl Sterling Silver Earrings - Various Pearl Colors ||	  Prettier from the back than from the front  I ordered these earrings and a couple other pieces from Dahlia to wear with my mother-in-law's pink pearl necklace on my wedding day. When I put them in all the women who were helping me get ready voted they looked better when I put them in backwards so a silver stem was showing versus the detail on the front. So that is how I wore them the day of the wedding. In all the earrings worked well and I would buy from Dahlia again. <end>  Good quality, price  I was very pleased with this item. The color was very good and the detail excellent. It was of very good quality for the price. Delivery was also excellent. <end>  cute rose beads  I like the rose beads the best. Good price for real pearls and silver. <end>
 B000B608DW  Sterling Silver Simulated Ruby Round Stud Post Earrings ||	  Perfecty Pleased.  These earrings are great. Well-made (sterling silver), yet inexpensive enough so that I don't worry about losing one. I wear them constantly, in one color or another. <end>
 B000B66OI0  Sterling Silver Eternity Cross Pendant, 18" ||	  Dainty and sweet!  This was a Christmas present for my niece who is 20 and very particular about her jewelry. She took one look at it and I could tell she genuinely loved it! Small and dainty in size. Very well made. <end>  Christmas present  bought for my wife. she hasn't taken it off yet. she loves it! short review but the product speaks for itself. <end>  Got what I paid for.  Is smaller that I thought it would be, but I may have given dimentions when I purchased it and didn't notice. It sort of looks like a child threw it together. <end>  Very small but flat indesign  I have a similar necklace that broke that was 3D in design. this one is flat not as nicely designed as other. Cross is small but good quality and easy to wear. <end>  Pretty necklace but very small pendant  I bought this item for my daughter for Christmas. I received the item in plenty of time - fast ship, but the pendant is VERY small. It is pretty and my daughter likes it, but was disappointed about the size. The quality seems fine as well with no tarnishing or discoloration so far. <end>  nice, but...  i got this for my wife as a late xmas present it is very flattering but it was a bit smaller then i imagined... <end>  Nice gesture, but small  Purchased as a gift, but much smaller than envisioned. I was a bit disappointed on its arrival - the 18&#34; chain makes it looke even smaller. <end>  Good necklace!  It's awesome I was so excited to get this but it is way smaller then amazon shows. I guess they zoom in on it. The necklace part is also small barely gets around my neck!! But I still wear it and love &#128150; it! <end>  TINY, TINY, TINY, TINY  This item is TINY. I wanted to wear it myself, but it is way too small. I will send it to my 3 year old niece. <end>  It's smaller than we envisioned.  We liked the style but the size was smaller than we thought it would be. Ended up giving it to our granddaughter as a gift. <end>  Chain on the short side  The 18" description is for the necklace on it's longest extended setting. Without using the extended part of the chain it is really closer to being child sized. It is pretty and will end up being a gift for my daughter rather than the friend I had intended to give it to. <end>  not quite the 'wow' factor I expected  Got this for my wife. She wore it a few times but hasn't since. It doesn't seem to have the 'wow' factor of some other jewelry I have gotten her. <end>  not to shabby  This was alot smaller than i thought it was going to be. never-the-less she liked it. <end>  Very disappointed  I was very disappointed with how tiny this eternity cross is. I don't know if the measurements were in the description for it or not, or if they were and I just didn't see or pay attention to them, but this cross is so tiny it really seems like it's meant for a very young child. The necklace may be 18", but the pendant itself was so small, not at all what I was looking for. So i'm going to give this as a gift for a niece. What I was really wanting was a larger, heavier duty sterling silver eternity cross as a slide for an omega chain for an adult. Never have found one yet. <end>  This was a gift  She loves the cross, I thought it was a little bigger than it was but she loved it as it was. <end>  Eternity Cross Pendant  My daughter loved it. The chain needs to be 2 inches longer. <end>  To small for an adult  Purchased this simple floating cross pendant cross necklace for myself, howeverit is small enough for a child. Really need more information about weight, actual size~ wasdeceiving. <end>  Sterling Silver Eternity Cross Pendant, 18"  The pendant is too small, I was expecting it to be a little bit bigger. But you pay for what you get! <end>  Not as pretty as pictured  The picture gave me the impression it had a two-tone appearance. It is very small - but not bad for the price <end>  necklace  I wanted to find something that represented my relation with my husband and this necklace is actly what we represent. <end>  Cross Pendant is a Great Purchase  Love this necklace. I was looking for a small cross pendant. Exactly what I was looking for. Size is just right and a nice quality too. <end>  Cross Necklace  I like the necklace. The chain is nice and seems to be sturdy. The cross is smaller than I thought. <end>  Picture is deceiving.  The cross design is really unique but it is much smaller than shown, wish it was a little bigger. The measurement says its about an inch large but it's not. <end>  The surface of the actual product is flat  It's a delicate pendant. The length is about the size of a penny coin. The actual product has a flat surface across the whole pendant while the pictures shows more 3-D looking loops. I suggest Amazon includes additional pictures to show product from an angle. The length of the chain is 18 inches which is same as the description. <end>  I have been looking for a sterling silver cross necklace for years and finally found it!!!!!  I absolutely love this necklace. There were other reviews from people who said that it's not 18&#34; and too short...it IS 18&#34; and just the perfect length. The cross, itself, is not too small for an adult, either. I wear it all the time and would recommend it to anyone. I think it's great for an adult, teen or child!!! <end>  Gift she loved it very sweet.  I purchased this for my Aunt who loved the necklace. Its very simple but different looking. It came in a little velvet pouch inside a black box. Which was great for gift giving. <end>  Small but nice gift  I got this for my stepdad's mother for Christmas. The cross is very small, but is nice-looking and well-made. The product description contains the following size dimensions for anyone worried about the size Height  17 millimetersWidth  12.2 millimetersLength  18 inches <end>  sterling silver eterniy cross pendant  I purchased this item for myself. It is a beautiful cross pendant, but I wished that I had gotten something a little larger. I however, always receive numerous compliments on how beautiful it is. I just personally think that this chain and pendant are better suited for maybe a teenage and not an adult. <end>  Awesome!  I bought 7 of these for gifts for my wedding party. They are beautiful <end>  Silver Cross  Very pretty, received a lot of compliments when wearing. One person asked me if it wasfrom Tiffanys! Chain was a little short. <end>  Attractive cross  My wife loved this unusual cross but the chain necklace was difficult to hook because the chain links are too small to go over the lock link. We had to buy a replacement necklace at a nearby jewelry store for $15. <end>  Wonderful Gift!  My girlfriend loved this. I got it for her for Christmas. It's not too big and not too small and the quality of the metal is top notch. <end>  Lovely!  It's a very delicate little cross, so if you're into "big" jewelry you won't like this. I love it. It's small, delicate, simple and pretty. I've gotten a number of compliments on it. I wear it quite a bit, and I've had it since last Christmas and have never had problems with the clasp or the chain. It seems to me to be a very sturdy chain and a good necklace. I love it, quite personally. I found the chain to be a nice length, but I can see where some might want it just a hair longer.In my opinion, this is a good buy. You are getting a beautiful little necklace for the money. <end>  Excellent product  Swift return to me of item ordered. Item just as described. Quite lovely. <end>  Pretty and pretty small  I am glad that I bought this for my daughter as it is quite small, smaller than I expected and the chain can be shortened to an appropriate size for her. It is very pretty and she will certainly love it come Christmas morning. I got a great gold box discount, too, which makes it an especially good deal. <end>  LOVELY  I am 89 years old and i LOVE this necklace! whoever said old ladies can not wear fashion things are nuts! i wear this with everything......... from my Fridayy night BINGO nights to clubing in L.A with lindsey and paris <end>  Not like the picture  The picture on amazon looks amazing. The actual piece is flat not 3D and has a dull metalic look nothing like the shine of the one in the photo. <end>  Tiny pendant for a tiny price  It's very small... almost child like. I am embarassed to give this as a gift but it's too late to return and buy something else <end>  Not happy  the pendant is very small and light and has a cheap silver finish that does not look like our other sterling products. The return postage makes it not practical to refund. We were very regretful with this purchase. <end>  Great!  This little cross was great for my 13 year old granddaughter. It's very pretty, and looks great on her. She wears it everyday! <end>  its okay  thought it looked more 3d in the picture and bigger but for that price she liked it and thought it was great <end>  Pretty  Its a great necklace that I got for my girlfriend. The only issue is I was expecting it to be a little bit bigger cross. It is still a great reminder of the eternal gift that we have been given. <end>  Too tiny  The picture was pretty, but the cross is SO SO tiny...as small as the nail on my pinky finger. I meant it as a gift, but went shopping for something else. <end>  Sterling Silver Eternity Cross Pendant 18"  I am happy with this product. The only thing I would change would be the length of the chain. It really should be hanging from a 20" chain. <end>  It's perfect.  I love this necklace. It's prettier than I thought it would be. People have been writing how small it is. Well, it's exactly the size I thought it would be. It's dainty, but elegant. I'm going to buy a few more for gifts. <end>  chain was so small and tiny  I bought this as a gift for a younger teenager and I think it is nice enough for the price. I got it at a promotional price. the charm was nice but the chain was so small and tiny you couldn't grab it to fasten it. wouldn't recommend. <end>  The beautiful Eternity Cross makes a great gift  After purchasing two of these crosses for myself and my sister, I decided that it would not only make a wonderful piece of Christian jewelry, but also a great way to illustrate the special, undending bonds among the women in my family and close circle of friends. I have since purchased 8 additional Eternity Crosses to share. After a year of daily wear, mine is still like new. <end>  Nice, dainty, small  I bought this for my sister for Christmas. I have a similar one that is bigger, that I bought while in Charleston, SC. She fell in love with mine, and since driving 4 hours just to buy a necklace was out of the question, I decided on this one. At first, when it arrived, I thought it would be too small, but my sister does not wear large neclaces, earrings, etc... Turns out she loved it. It was just perfect for her, especially since her neck is thin and her complexion is olive. <end>  Sterlin Silver Eternity Cross Pendant, 18"  I ordered this as a gift for my niece's birthday and after receiving it wanted to keep it for myself! It's very delicate and dainty; however, the chain and the cross actually looked like they were very sturdy. <end>  Pretty but too small for an adult  This product looks beautiful but it is TINY! It is definitely too small for an adult and too fragile for a child. <end>  Eternity Cross Pendant  I bought this for my four year old granddaughter as I have a similar one from Tiffany. It is small, and perfect for a little one. The chain is adjustable so it can grow with her. She loves it, and it's similar to Grandma's, so she's happy. <end>  Patty V.  I like this necklace very much. I can remove the cross and wear it with a longer necklace if I wish. It's very dainty and I enjoy wearing it. <end>  Very Nice Sterling Silver Necklace  I bought this for a 2006 Christmas gift and I am very pleased. I know my daughter will be, too. It comes in a pretty purple velvet bag, a nice box with cotton and includes instructions on how to keep it nice. I got it at a great discount at one of the Friday Sales. <end>  Cute but much smaller than it looks  I definitely like this necklace and am happy with the purchase. Like a few people have already commented, it is much smaller than you would think by looking at the photo. It almost looks like the type of necklace a store would sell for children. You know, like in a department store, in the jewelry section, they usually have a display of necklaces for kids. well, that's what it is like. I still think it's cute though, just be forwarned about the size. <end>  Very disappointed!  I am very disappointed in this necklace/pendant. It is way smaller than I expected. In the amazon.com description it said, 'small' but this is smaller than a dime. The chain is shorter than 18" even with the 2" extender. I think this should be listed as a young persons necklace/pendant...maybe for a petite teen or someone. I gave it 2 stars only because I think a teen would love it, and the fit would be more appropriate. I think I will take the cross off of the chain and hang it (the cross) on my charm bracelet.  )Next time show the size next to a coin or something so we have an idea of the exact size of jewelry, etc. <end>  Great Necklace  I bought this necklace as a christmas gift for my best friend. She loved it. Comes in cute velvet bag and carefor instructions. Shipped in time specified. <end>  perfect  Bought this cross as a gift for my daughter's baptism. Looks great on her. Very happy with the product and would pruchase again. Received many compliments. <end>  Great price, but SMALLER than you think it will be.  This is a very small cross. Be sure to find the size and realize how small it is. This is more for a small child than an adult. It would be helpful if one of their pictures compared it to a dime or had ruler measurements so you understand how small it is. Over all I am very happy for something that is less than $20. <end>  Smaller than you think - perfect for kids  After reading other reviews, I knew that this was going to be a very small necklace. I was purchasing for my two young daughters so this was not a concern for me. They should really market this as a kids necklace because even expecting something small I was surprised at just how small the pendant was. It was perfect for my kids, but really too small for an adult. With that caveat, it is a great necklace. <end>  Very Small  The cross is very pretty, but much smaller than I had anticipated. I was hoping for one a bit larger to give as a gift. <end>  Cross my heart  I thought this cross was tiny when I first got it, but once I put it on, it didn't seem so small. This is my first silver necklace, and it's a good start. The chain is thin, but I've been sleeping in it without any fear of it breaking, and it's just the right length. <end>  Absolutely wonderful  It is small, but that's what I wanted. The picture does not do the actual item justice. Very happy with this cross. <end>  Such a cute cross pendant!  I have lots of cross pendants, this one is so cute- I get lots of compliments and its a perfect size. Not too small, nor big. Just make sure your chain is smaller links, otherwise it might look odd.. <end>  perfect  imot one for big flash jewelry, and this necklace was great!! I wore it everyday until I took it off to try on a necklace my husband got me and lost the cross!! I'll be buying another. It is small, but its a good size, I gtot many compliments on it. <end>  Very Satisfied  The necklace was exactly what I expected. Very dainty and hangs at just the right length. <end>  cross pendant  Wife loved the size of the pendant. She wanted something a little smaller. The chain itself is a little flimsy. Afraid of it breaking easily. Will probably get a different chain for it. <end>
 B000B6867W  Sterling Silver Triple Swirl Earrings ||	  Simple, but sharp  My daughter is in Middle school and she thinks these are really cool. When a mom can get it right for a middle schooler, they have to be great earrings!! <end>
 B000B69P0Y  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings (0.9" Diameter) ||	  Cute, not the best quality  Received these as a gift off my wish list...I do love the style of these earrings, but the quality is a little lacking, which is to be expected for this price. The backing on one of the earrings is a bit loose so it has me worried that I might lose one earring. Other than a slightly loose clasp, very cute earrings and overall I'm pleased. <end>  Simple and classic beauty  I bought a pair of these earrings for my daughter and she loved -- wore them every day. Then, about 4 or 6 months later I bought a pair for myself and loved them so much I wore them every day. They are very light and the perfect size. After a couple of years, my daughter lost one of her earrings. One of mine got severely misshapen from encounters with the over-the-ear headset I wear at work. The one downside for these earrings are a little soft for everyday wear. Still, I plan to buy another pair. <end>  Terrific earrings  Everything you could hope for in a pair of hoops. Lightweight, easy to fasten, great size. The one beef I have is the clasp can pop open and you can lose it...I have this earring in three sizes...but only ONE of each. I could try to wear mismatching sizes but I think I'd look a bit lame, so I have to get replacements. Interesting that price went up by $5 in this economy. That's a bummer... <end>  Fantastic  These earrings are fantastic. They have such a smooth finish on them, and are so light weight, that you don't even know you have them in..I have to feel and see if I am wearing earrings. If you want a pair of earrings that are not only what I described above, try these...You will love them. <end>  disappointed  These earrings began to get a white haze on them shortly after I received them. I keep them in the same jewelry box as my other silver jewelry so it can't be because of storage. <end>  Gifted earrings  I gave these earrings as a gift and the recipient has worn them almost every day since. They are high-quality and very similar to the photograph. They are a great size for an earring that can be worn daily. <end>  Poor Quality  Let me preface this by saying that I've had two pairs of silver hoop earrings that each lasted more than a decade before I lost them.This pair did not last more than two months before one of the posts broke off at the base of the hoop (poor solder joint.) I never slept with them on or wore them while running, exercising or dancing so it was not from any misuse or abnormal wear.Besides the weak link, I also did not like the look. I couldn't tell from the picture that the hoops are flat, not tubes. From the side they look great but from the front they are not very noticable because they are very, very thin. <end>  Versatile, goes with everything  These earrings are great. They are lightweight, and just the right size for everyday wear. I got them last Christmas and I wear them all the time! <end>  disappointed  Review of 22mm hoops - one earring broke the second time I wore them, very disappointing. The straight bar that goes through the ear simply snapped off from the hoop. The purchase was made via a gift card from my daughter for a Mother's Day gift.This makes the entire scene worse.Thanks for the opportunity to speak about this.I would appreciate a replacement, free of any and all charges. <end>  LOVE these!  I keep my jewelry very simple. These hoops are my "go to" almost everyday. I love the spring clasp and that they are so light weight. These earrings are an excellent deal for the price. I am buying a second pair to have on hand when these wear out!!!! <end>  Exactly as pictured!  Just received these and they are exactly as pictured. They are solid but not too heavy to weigh down earlobe. Very shiny and classic looking. They do NOT look cheap as some of the reviewers claimed. These are perfect for work, not large and I don't have to worry about losing an earring with this style. I have multiple holes and with small diamond studs these look awesome! <end>  Great!!!!  These earrings are more than I expected. I love to wear them every chance I get. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a great pair of sterling silver hoops. <end>  Looks cheap!  They look really nice on the computer but they super cheap. They are thin and look like they are from Claire's. I bought them as a Christmas gift. I apologized to my friend that they look & feel so cheap. Not bad for the price but I wouldn't recommend them as a gift unless it to a little girl. <end>  My new favorite earrings.  These are very light and comfortable. They are easy to put on and just the right size. I would definitely recommend them. <end>  Hoop earrings  Good finish. After I received them i realized that they would probably look better in a smaller size, for my taste. <end>
 B000B6FBJ8  Large Detailed Medieval Dragon on Red Glass Sphere Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Very good!!  I really liked this piece. The detail on the dragon is really good, and it is slightly heavy so you would need to put in a thicker chain. The only thing I found off about it was that the glass sphere was darker than expected against skin. It only looks the red in the photo when light shines through it. Anywhere else it is almost black with a slight red tint. Other than that I love it. Got lots of notice wearing it. <end>
 B000B6KZHG  Sterling Silver Pink Crystal and Imitation Pearl Earrings Bracelet with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  She LOVED the set  I got this for my wife. I orderd and it came pretty quick. She has had it for about 6 months and looks very nice. <end>
 B000B6RWPY  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great chain!  This is a beautiful chain. It sparkles and is a little heavier in thichness. I wear it ALL the time and never remove it. So far it still looks brand new. I'm real happy with this purchase. <end>  Great for the money  This chain is the perfect size and great quality. It was better than I expected for the price. <end>  Great chain!  This is a beautiful chain. It sparkles and is a little heavier in thichness. I wear it ALL the time and never remove it. So far it still looks brand new. I'm real happy with this purchase. <end>  Great for the money  This chain is the perfect size and great quality. It was better than I expected for the price. <end>  Great chain!  This is a beautiful chain. It sparkles and is a little heavier in thichness. I wear it ALL the time and never remove it. So far it still looks brand new. I'm real happy with this purchase. <end>  Great for the money  This chain is the perfect size and great quality. It was better than I expected for the price. <end>
 B000B6RYPW  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 8mm Medium Heavy Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  I love this bracelet  I love this bracelet. It is very sexy. I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend. Came quickly, looked even better than in the picture. He has worn this for a year (without taking it off once) and it still looks just as good. No tarnish, no breaks, no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27, 2012~My man has been wearing this for almost three years now. Very masculine and sexy, excellent quality. He says that is is very comfortable as well.(It doesn't pull the hair on his arm) The style for this is sexy and sophisticated, it doesn't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy. Nice weight and durable as well. This looks 10x better on than in the picture. <end>  I love this bracelet  I love this bracelet. It is very sexy. I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend. Came quickly, looked even better than in the picture. He has worn this for a year (without taking it off once) and it still looks just as good. No tarnish, no breaks, no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27, 2012~My man has been wearing this for almost three years now. Very masculine and sexy, excellent quality. He says that is is very comfortable as well.(It doesn't pull the hair on his arm) The style for this is sexy and sophisticated, it doesn't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy. Nice weight and durable as well. This looks 10x better on than in the picture. <end>  I love this bracelet  I love this bracelet. It is very sexy. I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend. Came quickly, looked even better than in the picture. He has worn this for a year (without taking it off once) and it still looks just as good. No tarnish, no breaks, no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27, 2012~My man has been wearing this for almost three years now. Very masculine and sexy, excellent quality. He says that is is very comfortable as well.(It doesn't pull the hair on his arm) The style for this is sexy and sophisticated, it doesn't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy. Nice weight and durable as well. This looks 10x better on than in the picture. <end>
 B000B6S0UU  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 10.7mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  VERY NICE!  I was hesitant on buying an expensive piece like this online, before actually seeing it. Nothing to be worried about here! Very nice and very well priced .925 Italian made sterling silver chain! If you have an issue with finding jewelry like this that is authentic at local stores around your area, I highly recommend buying from Sabrina Silver.Only downside to this product is the box it came in. They say It's a box that looks nice enough to use as a gift box. But all it is is a little metallic cardboard box. So if this is a gift for someone, I would consider buying a necklace gift box along with your purchase.Other than that, the shipping was very fast! Arrived before expected delivery date.GREAT BUY!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!Sterling Silver 7/16 in. (10.7 mm) Extra Large Curb Link Chain Necklace, NICKEL FREE, 30 in. <end>
 B000B6S0Z0  Sterling Silver Heart Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 6 mm Emerald Green ||	  earrings of joy  this and all other jewelry order ed came as expected snd eveyone loved them <end>
 B000B6TOQY  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Nice Chain.  Nice width, weight, and size. Have been wearing this since it arrived a few months ago and it doesn't irritate my skin or turn colors. Very Nice. <end>  18" Silver Curb 5.5mm Chain  Excellent time of delivery. The chain is well made,very good craftsmanship, and looks great. One (1) big problem. Chain was barely 17"s long and was more of a choker than a necklace. In the future will get 20" chain. Can make smaller but not larger. <end>  Not reall y 5.5 width.  It wasn 5.5mm in width but the seller told me that it may be so with all of Sabrinas necklaces.Also It says 22" in length but thats also counting the lobster claw and hooks. <end>  Nice Bracelet  This was a nice product although I had to return it as it was too big. I decided on a 7" "diamond cut" silver bracelet from Sabrina Silver and was very pleased with the whole transaction. <end>
 B000B6TOT6  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Link Chain  Once again the product received was better that expected. This merchant is great and this is my third purchase from them. I highly recomend this merchant to anyone. <end>  He looks stunning in it!  Ok! So here goes my first review and on jewelry. This was a gift along with the matching necklace for my boyfriend who tried on the same product at a farmer's market recently... this is stunning. I had to return it only because I miscalculated his wrist size. 9 is average I believe, nevertheless it was a nice weight without looking pimpish but enough 'pop' to notice a nice piece. LOVE it on him my only regret is why I never treat myself to such nice pieces. HA. Thanks, I will be back. <end>  Highly recommended  The chain was exactly what I was looking for. Excellent quality. I would shop from this seller again. <end>  Great buy  I bought this bracelet as a gift for my son, he really loved it. <end>
 B000B6TTOQ  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 7 mm Star Shape Emerald Green ||	  Beautiful in every way  Stones are consistent rich emerald green color. Silverwork is excellent -- prongs are substantial enough to hold stones in place, but do not overpower the stones. Clutches hold the earstud securely in place, not loose, not too tight.1 carat size is perfect for everyday wear. <end>
 B000B6VVBA  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 6 mm Emerald Green Color 2 1/2 cttw ||	  Close to envy  Almost the green of envy, but not quite. These are a little too bright green to pass for high quality emeralds, and they don't have quite the same sparkle, but they look good anyway. They could be mistaken for mid-quality emeralds, and their simple setting draws attention to them. For the price, its a great "rich" feeling! <end>  Love It!  I know it's only two bucks, but I bought these earrings for my mother, and they are BEAUTIFUL! It has a magnifacent color. You'll get much more then your money's worth! <end>  Emeral Earrings  These earrings are exactly what I wanted. The color and size are perfect. I would definitely recommend these for a gift or for yourself. <end>  Lovely Accessory  These affordable earrings are worth the purchase. The earrings are beautiful. The emerald color of the cubic zirconia is lovely. The posts are comfortable and are a good length that will fit most ears. <end>  shuld not be used too much!!!  i used these earings and 2 weeks later the bezel or should i say stone fell out............................ ghper ropej-e rrogjrw0jg <end>  Not a lucky charm  I was looking for something relatively inexpensive in an "emerald" CZ. I have many CZ pieces and have always been happy with them. These earrings, however, have no sparkle, no pizzazz... they look "flat" and very cheap. Like something you would get out of a gumball machine. Very disappointed <end>  Nice  The picture is pretty accurate of how they really look. They don't have as much sparkle as what I was looking for but they are still ok. I have had them for a few months now and they have held up nicely. <end>  nice  They were a little bigger than I wanted but very pretty and good quality. I have ordered from Sabrina Silver several times and I love their jewerly. <end>
 B000B6VVBU  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 7 mm Star Shape Sapphire Blue ||	  good deal  I had bought the clear version of these earrings and loved them. The blue ones weren't as blue and sparkly as I had expected but were still a great bargain. <end>
 B000B6X1FY  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Nice Chain.  Nice width, weight, and size. Have been wearing this since it arrived a few months ago and it doesn't irritate my skin or turn colors. Very Nice. <end>  18" Silver Curb 5.5mm Chain  Excellent time of delivery. The chain is well made,very good craftsmanship, and looks great. One (1) big problem. Chain was barely 17"s long and was more of a choker than a necklace. In the future will get 20" chain. Can make smaller but not larger. <end>  Not reall y 5.5 width.  It wasn 5.5mm in width but the seller told me that it may be so with all of Sabrinas necklaces.Also It says 22" in length but thats also counting the lobster claw and hooks. <end>  Nice Bracelet  This was a nice product although I had to return it as it was too big. I decided on a 7" "diamond cut" silver bracelet from Sabrina Silver and was very pleased with the whole transaction. <end>
 B000B74OWM  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Slim Rhodium Square Shaped Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Slim Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Tina  Sterling Silver Rhodium Clear Cubic Zirconia Slim Band RingWhen I received the ring I was completely satisfied, I order a slim ring to acompany a larger diamond ring I have and the look is perfect. I'm very pleased. <end>  GORGEOUS  Very Beautiful and very believable. Super comfortable. I am actually going to purchase a second band, to flank the other side of my wedding band! <end>  Great ring for the price.  I bought this as a "Right hand" ring. It is well made and very sparkly. I've had it for awhile now and it still looks as nice as the day I got it. Also it is thin enough to use as a bangle or stack ring. <end>
 B000B76PI8  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 1/2 CTW Round Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Rhodium Plated Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  1/2 carat round cz  This ring combo looks very nice, but do not really care for the 2 prong setting, and am not sure why they did it this way. The jacket ring is just lovely and can be used with other solitaires. Nice piece of jewelry for the price. Good replacement while getting diamonds reset, but can be worn as a wedding set themself, and few people would know. <end>  Lovely ring  I have worn this ring off and on for several months. None of the plating has worn off and the stones are all intact, as opposed to the experiences of other reviewers. It really is a lovely ring and the size of the stone is not overwhelming for my size 5 finger. I definitely recommend the ring for anyone who wants a little bling for a little price! <end>  Not bad  I purchased this ring as a "try me" set. I recently discovered that I cant ware gold and thought I would try silver. I chose this ring because the size of the center stone is a realistic size. It should be easier to find CZ under 1 carat. It is very pretty but I dont think it would pass for a real diamond. It works for its intended use quite nicely. I like the way it looks on my finger and it is much better than I expected for the price. I will keep this ring even when I get the real set. Maybe I will ware it on my right hand. <end>  silver plated band, 1/2 ctw brillian cut cubic ring  It is a beautiful ring! You don't need anything else to accompany it!! I'm very pleased with my purchase!!!! <end>  Perfect!  I go this ring as 5th wedding anniversary ring. I love the look of diamonds, hate the price of em. So I selected this as a nice ring, if it got lost or stolen, I wouldn't be out of mind with replacing it. I like the fact that if your looking for a wedding ring or engagement ring you can use this ring nicely. What is not said is how the center stone looks like a real diamond! Its really does fool the best of em. My mother included in that. The picture does no justice to the ring.. none at all. Its simple a perfect little ring. <end>  Looks Nice, but Doesn't Last!  I bought this ring in November and in February the stone fell out. I contacted the seller and ask if this was the norm for their products or if I perhaps I received a "dud"; sometimes it happens. I would have liked a replacement right but instead I was told the below."Most of the jewelries that are in this price range are most likely to last for a few months or a year or two and they are called fashion jewelry.That's why they are not expensive.Right now we offer free shipping if you want to purchase another one.We are really sorry for this."I have a lot of different jewelry and this has never happened to me. Looks nice but doesn't last. <end>  recent ring purchase  I wasn't too sure about this ring but when I saw it I was pleasantly surprised. It is absolutely beautiful. <end>  Very Happy  Since having 2 wedding rings lost/stolen I decided to go with something that didn't cost much for everyday wear. I really like this ring and have even received a few compliments! <end>  Stunning ring for a great price  I bought this ring set as a replacement while my husband took my original wedding set with him on deployment. I bought this set back in March and have been wearing it since. Got many compliments about the set. Very stunning set for a really great price. The only complaint I have is the ring sizing. I normally wear 5.5 ring size, and I have ordered a 6 and it's pretty snug to my ring finger so the ring sizing is running small. Something to consider about if you order but other than that, it's a great set! <end>  Even more beautiful in person!  My husband and I settled on this ring after a long debate over a few of them, and we are not disappointing. My wedding rings were stolen years ago, and sense then I've been rotating through a few bands. I'm hard on rings, so haven't wanted to put the money back into a real set just yet (maybe when the kids are grown and expenses are better). So, I started looking on here and we chose this one.It is lovely. When on, it sparkles and looks perfect. The sterling silver is beautiful, the Cubic Z' brilliant. We went to a few stores and I tried on a few more expensive CZ rings, and this one seriously far out shines them all. It is Gorgeous. The only thing that bothered me at first was the welding line on the sides of the ring. I didn't expect that to be there, but it isn't a deal breaker on the ring.It shipped quickly, we received it only days after placing the order. I've been happily wearing it sense with no issues! We will most definitely order from this supplier again! <end>  Great Second Set  I bought this to use as a second set while my original wedding set was being repaired. This is a very nice set and it was comfortable to wear. I like that the set nested together so that the rings were not rubbing against each other. This is going to be a great set to take to the beach and other places that I don't want to risk damaging or loosing my original set. This set looked realistic on my hand, not fake. <end>  Ehhh...  Not what I was expecting at all! The center stone sits in a ring all of it's own, that sets down into the "rings" that surround the center stone. The "rings" that surround the center stone aren't even rings, they are one piece. It's very cheap looking. The center stone/ring on it's own isn't bad, however the band part does chip/scratch easily. I gave it a 3 because the stone isn't all that bad looking, but the ring itself isn't what I expected...not at all. <end>  Super fast shipping but feels cheap  Looks very pretty and came in 2 days of ordering. It feels cheap, could of got the same from a quarter machine. <end>  gorgeous  i got this ring cause i needed an engagement ring since i lost my first one and when i got it, i almost cried. it was just as beautiful as the picture showed it <end>  What a beautiful ring!  I had recently repurchase this beautiful ring because my finger got smaller. I am very happy it looks just like the other ring but one size smaller. It's still as shinning and very comfortable. Thanks! Gem ave for your high quality jewerly. <end>  Wonderful  When I first got the ring and saw it my eyes lit up. I really never expected it to look so good and beautiful. I really do hate taking it off to was my hands I just love it! <end>  beautiful ring!!  I love this ring! it looks as good as the picture. I've always wanted a ring like this. Thanks so much. <end>  New Sterling Silver Rhodium Band Engagement Ring Size 6  I don't understand those who were unhappy with this ring. I actually only wanted the guard to drop my own ring in to, and it looks lovely. It is a pave' setting not junky. I have received many compliments and no one questions whether the stones are cz or diamonds. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I got this ring shipped to my wife while I was in Iraq. She loved it. The ring is beautiful and unless she tells people that it isn't real, they think that it is real. The stone isn't to big, it is a perfect size for someone looking for something that looks real, but cannot afford a $2K ring set. She likes this ring set so much, she actually wears this instead of her 'real' set. <end>  Don't get your hopes up  The product looks very poorly made and cheap. The fit is good. The pic was misleading at best, but I guess you get what you pay for. but you must remember that this ring should only be brought as a temp Not for long-term use. <end>  Great Ring. Love It!!  I'm not sure what the other negative reviews were about but this ring is stunning. My mother in law is a jewelry snob and she couldn't even tell it was fake! We had to sell my real wedding set to pay for some of my son's medical bills and this is a great replacement. If you are hesitating, order the ring. You won't regret it!! <end>  I LOVE THIS RING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I am so in love with this ring. Its absolutely gorgeous!!! And it looks SO real!!!! I would have payed twice this amount if I knew it was going to look this good!!! Its not big and tacky looking, its very feminine looking, but still catches the eye. I can't say enough good things about it!! <end>  Great ring for a great price!  I had been looking for an affordable ring to wear as a wedding ring because mine always catches on things. I looked at tons of rings and this one caught my eye right away. It is simple and elegant. You can't tell that it is not real diamonds unless you look real close. It is a great ring for a great price. It fits true to size and is flat enough on top that it doesn't snag my clothes. I love it. <end>  It'll do  I ordered this for my wedding becuase we are very tight with money. Reading some of the reviews I expected it to appear to be "real". It doesn't so much but it is pretty.Update-Made it past a year of marriage and this ring looks horrible. It has broken my finger out numerous times and it is incredibly tarnished. The small CZs aren't shiny anymore, you can barley see them. <end>  Simple and Elegant  This item is perfect for every day wear - 'bright and shiny' without being gaudy or 'cheap' looking. <end>  Beautiful for the price  This ring is absolutely beautiful. The center stone is small enough to be believeable and fits snugly into the guard. I like that the ring came in two pieces so I can wear the solitare with other bands if I choose. If you are looking for a good every day ring for times that you don't want to wear a "real" ring, this is just what you need. It shipped very quickly and arrived in perfect condition. <end>  great seller  I just recieved my ring. and love it. Great seller. fast service and shipping. Thanks so much <end>  sterling silver rhodium ring  I just recieved my ring and it is prettier than on the picture. I love it. <end>  Faux Wedding Set  The center ring (yes this is 2 pieces) is very nice for the money. I will wear it and it could pass for real. The other piece looks cheap. I do plan on wearing it when I'm not wearing my real wedding set. For what I paid I was happy with it. <end>  Not as good as it looks  I bought this ring for my wife so she could wear something in place of her wedding ring when she didn't want to damage her real one. First of all, the price of the ring is cheap, so I know that I can't complain too much, however, when I got the ring, it was for a Christmas stocking stuffer. The picture showed a nicely wrapped package with a bow. What I got was a tiny package that was wrapped so poorly with a generic computer printed label with no bow. I had to unwrap it to redo the wrapping, which was a good thing anyways because I wanted to check out the ring. The center diamond is very pretty, however, it is set crooked and looks like it is about to fall out. The side bands look much cheaper than the picture. I don't think the small amount of money that I spent on this ring was even worth it. The nice thing is that the center band can be removed and worn as a solitare. Not exactly what I was going for, but oh well. I will probably return this ring. <end>  The picture does this ring NO justice!!  My ring arrived today and I opened it up, expecting to see a hum-drum ring that looked better in the picture. WRONG!! It is stunning. I do have to admit, that I cheated just a bit, and put a thin layer of clear nail polish around the inside of the ring to prevent any wear off (purely preventive). I am thoroughly impressed! <end>  Pretty BUT fades fast  This is a beautiful ring however the rhodium plating wears of VERY quickly leaving the finish dull and very unattractive.I am really disappointed, this was going to be my ring while mine is being made but now it is just wasted money.As sad as it makes me because I do love the ring, I would not suggest you purchase this item as it will not last you long. <end>  Gorgeous!  Wow! This ring is amazing. I love it! It is very comfortable and very, very believable. Gem Avenue is great -- the ring came fast and was packaged in a cute little gift box with a bow. Fabulous ring! I highly recommend it. <end>  worst product ever  i bought this ring less than 3 month ago and ! month ago the fake diamond (cubic zircona) fell off and i was about to pay more than what i paid for the ring to fix it so i put it in the garbage, dont buy this item ... <end>
 B000B78TPA  Sterling Silver Blue Crystal and Imitation Pearl Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  very nice  This is a beautiful bracelet and looks nice when you wear it. if you have small wrist then you will have to get it re-sized. There is also a mathcing earring, I bought them as a set. <end>
 B000B7BZTC  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Shaped Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 6mm Band Designer Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  cheap ring, worse service  When at first I received this (and a second ring from Gemavenue) I was very pleased. Until, not even a month later, the stones started falling out of both. Naturally I e-mailed them for an exchange for the same rings. They replied that I needed the original invoice and the "damaged" rings. I returned everything to Gemavenue exactly as they required it. With no update or response Gem Avenue, they sent BACK the defective, broken rings. I would never buy from this company again because they sell cheap products and then don't back it up when they fall apart. BUYER BEWARE. <end>
 B000B7QAN8  Sterling Silver Coiled Dragon on Cobalt Blue Glass Hook Earrings ||	  Very artistic  I would definetly be buying from this person again. The earrings and pendant are beautiful. My friend is sure to like them. <end>
 B000B7RQT0  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings Handmade High Polished, 1 1/4" Long ||	  silver earrings  The earrings appeared to be larger than they were, overall I was satisfied. <end>
 B000B7RWIA  London Ring - Sunflower ||	  I love it !!  This ring is one of my favourites.The finishing is excellent and the stones are bright and really stand out.I receive compliments every time I wear it.I love it!! <end>  Delightful ring  This is a gorgeous ring. It makes me smile everytime I look at it. I first saw it on Pinterest which is a site I absolutely love just like Amazon.com. <end>  Great!  It came in well packaged and actually a good 3 to 4 days early. The ring looks better in person and it fits perfectly. If this is the type of thing you're interested in I 100% recommend it! <end>  Ring is alot smaller than expected  I received this ring and think it is cute, but the ring itself is much smaller than it appeared in the picture. The fit is true to size but it is just not what I am looking for. <end>  Loved the item but ordered the wrong size and returned item.  Waiting for you to tell me that you have more of these rings on hand. <end>  It was okay  I bought this ring cause I love sunflowers. I'm a size 7 in rings, so that's what I bought, and it was too large. And the wrong size is not grounds to have them pay for the return. It also seemed like the stones would fall out over time, but I didn't keep it long enough to see if they would. <end>  Fantastic and creative!  This ring is completely different from any other ring she'll have...and she'll love it! I gave this to my gf, amongst other things, for our half-year celebration, and she wears it every day! Additionally, you can't see it in the picture of the ring, but the cut adds a nice sparkle to the sunflower whenever any light touches it. <end>  This ring is great for the price  This ring will get me lucky. Much better than expected. Would have cost me $200 to have a jeweler make something similar (I checked). Great ring for the price and it feels like good quality. Only complaint is lack of sizes. Needed a 7 more than a 5. I will give it an A++ if I get some. I will be Nvie's wingman anytime. <end>  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  THIS RING IS GORGEOUS AND LOOKS LIKE A MILLION DOLLARS.I ALWAYS GET COMPLIMENTED ON IT.THESE ARE GREAT SELLERS AND WAS GREAT TO ORDER FROM.SHIPPING WAS FAST AND PRICE IS UNBELIEVABLE.I LOVE THIS RING.GRAB THIS RING LADIES,YOU WONT BE SORRY. <end>
 B000B7SYP0  Bold Sterling Silver Oval Panther Link Chain 7.5" Bracelet ||	  oval panther link bracelet  The size and appearance of this bracelet is perfect. I was personally a little disapointed in how evident the holes were for the forming process and for the price, would have liked a little more "heft" to the piece. Nice for dress up. <end>
 B000B7VSLW  Sterling Silver Medium Swan Earrings ||	  SS Swan Hoop Earrings  The earrings were shipped on or before date due which was a surprise. Then to see the product, was so very pleased with the detail, weight and quality, beyond my expectations. I wanted a larger size as it was so beautiful. I was shown how to return the med. sized earrings as I had never shopped on line before. It was simple! The larger size came back sooner than I thought. I was impressed and felt very comfortable about the experience. I have had many compliments! Since then I have ordered another product reciently from Amazon. Will see how that goes. <end>
 B000B7W99M  Ancient Atlantis Fantasy Spiral Vortex Silver Tone Pewter Pendant with Chain Necklace ||	  not as expected  bought this for my friends birthday, but when i recieved this item, the jewel in the center was not in straight, instead was up high on the right side and too low on the left. Also, the jewel was NOT purple, it was pale blue. the metal itself is dull pewter, not silver as the companys name implies. bottom line - buy another necklace <end>  Spiral Pendant  I've received so many compliments from this pendant. It's an unusual piece of jewelry and I've been asked several times where I got it. I'm very happy with it. <end>
 B000B82Y50  Sterling Silver Medium Horse Head Earrings ||	  Very Pleased!!  I'm a repeat customer, having purchased a beautiful silver horseshoe pendant from Sabrina Silver. I was very happy with the pendant, so I felt confidant ordering from them again. They did not disappoint. These earrings are fabulous! Much better than they look on the website. (And there are no black markings as shows on the webpage!)Shipping was quick, and the earrings were well packaged.A great item at a very good price, with excellent service. What more coud you want? <end>
 B000B86AAA  Sterling Silver Interlacing Celtic Knot Chain Adjustable 18" Necklace with Genuine Amethyst ||	  child sized necklace  While this necklace is pretty, it is very small and delicate and much more suited to a child than an adult. This is difficult to see in the online pictures. <end>  Child sized??  I received this necklace as a gift from my mother. It is in no way too small for an adult. I wear it all the time and absolutely love it. It really just depends on how big/small you like your jewelry. <end>  Beautiful and delicate  This beautiful necklace was purchased as a gift for a young lady, and we were very pleased with our purchase. It is delicate, detailed, and very expensive looking. A great value for the price. <end>
 B000B86AAK  Medium Sterling Silver Endless 1.5" Hoop Earrings - 40mm Hoops ||	  A great buy  These were a gift for my sister. She loves them! The clasp is a unique design that pushes into a hole in the opposite side AND flips up to open. <end>  Just what I wanted!  I bought 2 pairs of these....one for me and one for my MIL. We both wear them all the time. They are very noticeable, but they are not too big and flashy. Just be careful if you mess with your hair so you don't accidentally pull them out! <end>  Simple and yet great!  I love these earings that I purchased for any occasions. I use them to go to work, the weekend, pretty much any time I feel like it. <end>  These are ok  Earrings are ok, however clasp is very long so that earrings slide forward and clasp is visable when looking at front of earring <end>  Great Hoops!  I bought these hoops at Amazon so that I could put some beads I owned on an earring. These earrings were just the right size and they are very light in weight. Terrific! <end>
 B000B896L0  7mm Wide Mens Solid Titanium Classic Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Not a bad buy  Over all, this is not a bad buy. I was disappointed that it started to show scratch marks so quickly (within the first week). It will be replaced for a wedding ring but I'm still glad I bought it and will continue to wear it. <end>  Looks cool  Its high quality and it looks very masculine.I recommend it.The only thing is that it is darker than in the photo but is still very nice <end>  titanium ring  Ring is very sturdy and appealing, gets dirty easy but thats ok for my work. <end>  Great Ring  I tend to misplace my rings every year or so and need to keep getting replacements. Fortunately this ring is cheap enough to make that realistic. The ring itself is light and doesn't scratch anything while I'm wearing it since it has soft curves. Highly recommended for daily ware. I especially like the fact that since it's titanium it really doesn't scratch or look warn as gold or silver will do after a while of wearing it. <end>  So far a good buy  I was surprised with the shipping and how fast it arrived. Very nice ring. I haven't found any reason, so far, to not like it. It's lightweight and simple, a very good buy for the price. <end>  good buy, weird coloring??  bought two of these at the same time, one size 6 and 10. the 6 was shinier, brighter, and wider. the 10 was more dull, less shiny and more narrow.. exact same ring but different sizes. fits well, looks good. <end>  Works  I bought my husband this band so he can wear it for work because I didn't want him to ruin the really nice one he has. He likes it, it is comfortable and the price is good for the purpose it is used for. It is darker than the picture. <end>  Not True to Size!!  My husband and I decided to Elope last year and we purchased these rings as matching set and temporary fix until we purchased our real ones...we were excited to receive them the day before our ceremony only to be disappointed with the fact they they are not true to size rings...I ordered a size 8 that didn't go past my knuckle and my husband who wears a size 10 couldn't get it off because since it was such a tight fit...We had to run out and purchase an other set of bands...I would recommend going a size up and aside from that they are nice rings <end>  Very good buy  I bought this ring as the 4th replacement wedding band for my husband... (yeah, I know... he's quite irresponsible) So, I was looking for something inexpensive (anticipating that he would most likely lose this one too). And was very impressed when I received the ring. It is very good quality, looks much more expensive than it is. You can't beat the value! <end>  Scratches easily  Product came promptly, but in a velvet bag instead of a box, I find that odd. I don't think I have given mine too much wear and tear. Yet, it has gotten dull and scratched in the time span of about 3 months. Still, I am sure there is a polish to handle this small crisis. Other than that I say it is a great value, but I wouldn't use this ring as a marriage ring, invest in something better. <end>  Hubby's Band  Cute ring I brought it for my husband. Darker than the photo shown ring actually looks Grey (tarnished). A little disappointed, but you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000B8JJW6  Sterling Silver Green and Golden Yellow Crystal Cluster Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Green Swarovski Crystal Earrings  These two-colour earrings are comfortable to wear and the crystals reflect the light beautifully. Great choice for "green lovers". <end>  Love these!  These earrings are beautiful. They really catch the light perfectly. My mom & I own several different pairs in many colors. <end>
 B000B8US0S  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.7mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  It Shines!  The price was the greatest, of course! On Amazon. And the size and whight as well. She really dig's the look and rich luster of the silver. <end>
 B000B8UXMQ  Sterling Silver Heavy Round Rolo Link w/ Star Tag Bracelets and Necklaces, sizes 7, 8 & 18 inch ||	  Bracelet  Took over a month to receive first order. Second order was shipped (as a replacement) and took longer than it should have to arrive. Neither order could be tracked online. Finally received the original order, and it had a scratch on the charm of the bracelet. When the replacement order arrived, it was a totally different style and size. It was the cheaper version of the one I had originally bought. (the difference between a $50 bracelet and a $36 bracelet. I was not aware a different bracelet was going to be shipped) Will not purchase from here again. <end>
 B000B8WFOA  Sterling Silver Italian Spiga Wheat Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.1mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Exactly what I was looking for  I had been looking for a while for a nice, silver men's chain for a (not very small) Celtic cross I got some time ago. Something that was not too thick (hip-hop/goomba) nor too thin (feminine). I was also looking for a chain that was a good value (not outrageously expensive). This, to me, was "just right."It has a nice weight to it without feeling "heavy" and the "Wheat" link pattern doesn't visually compete with a pendant like a figaro or curb chain would. I did look at several other "Wheat" chains and some of the others had more open links or more closed links. Neither of which looked as good to me as this.The clasp is a good match to the scale of the chain - again, not too large and not too small - either of which would make the clasp very noticable if it rotated to the front.As a stocky guy who wears a 17" collar, I debated whether to get the 20" chain or 22" chain. I think the 22" would have hung a little low on me but for guys over 6 feet it might be a good choice.Mostly though, I have been impressed by how comfortable this chain is. It just feels good on my neck (and it doesn't catch or tug on chest hair.)I have been quite pleased with this purchase I think you will be too. <end>  Nice Chain  Nice medium weight chain. You could use it with pendents but not really small ones. Has a nice finish. Good to wear alone. <end>  Wardrobe staple  This is a simple, yet sturdy and attractive bracelet. I have worn it for six months straight and have received nothing but compliments. A real steal. <end>  Super Shiny Goodness!  I got this chain, so that I could have a "chain of reference" for a necklace I wanted to get for my husband's birthday (we had a gift certificate to a jewler, and I didn't know the name of the genre of chain linkage we sought) and during a search, I found this! Exactly what we needed! His birthday gift is here, in perfect 14k gold, so now I get to play with the stunt double chain...nobody can tell the diference between them until we show them the name&karat franking on his chain! Just plain WOW! Good going Sabrina Silver! <end>  Happy with this purchase  I purchased this chain for my son as a Valentines Day gift. We are very pleased! Excellent choice. <end>  Very happy  I am totally satisfied with this product. It arrived quickly and was exactly what I ordered. Thank you so very much.Dan <end>
 B000B8WFV8  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.7mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  It Shines!  The price was the greatest, of course! On Amazon. And the size and whight as well. She really dig's the look and rich luster of the silver. <end>
 B000B8WFVS  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.6mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great necklace, nice sized links  This is a really nice necklace. Solid, big enough to be noticed, but not gaudy. Ordered two more for friends (months ago when silver was cheaper). <end>  Thrilled with this bracelet!  This bracelet is beautiful and the silver is very bright. In person it looks just like it does on line. It is sized accurately. It looks good by itself or with other bracelets. I would definitely order from this vendor again. It reached NJ from California in 3 days! <end>  Good Quality, Fast Service  I have several of these chains from this vendor; all are top quality and reasonably priced. <end>  Good overall service and quality  I loved everything about the chain that I bought. Delivery was speedy and everything arrived in excellent condition. Chain has a smooth feel and also a weighty feel so it feels ANYTHING but cheap. Great overall service! THANKS AGAIN! <end>
 B000B8WFWM  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  VERY nice!  Very nice quality, especially at this low price. Husband loved it and thought I'd spent a fortune;) <end>
 B000B8WFWW  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 7.2 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>
 B000B8YG7O  Sterling Silver Italian Tubular Mesh Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 20 inch ||	  Think about it  This bracelet looks super. Also a bit different than your typical rope or link chain. Fun. I did not keep it because it runs small. It is not a true 8" bracelet for two reasons  first, it only measures about 7.5 inches and second the lovely mesh is thick so it takes-up some length just because of the style. So, if you like a 7.0 or 7.5" bracelet then this may well work for you. Enjoy! <end>
 B000B8YGMO  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  VERY nice!  Very nice quality, especially at this low price. Husband loved it and thought I'd spent a fortune;) <end>  VERY nice!  Very nice quality, especially at this low price. Husband loved it and thought I'd spent a fortune;) <end>
 B000B8YHLE  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  smaller than I anticipated  Appears to be quality piece, smaller than I thought, however that's my fault for not reviewing and being fully aware of mm sizing..delivered on time in good condition...pricey for chain this small and thin, however if it holds up well to daily wear and tear it will be worth the purchase price... <end>  General recommendation for this maker  I have 3 Sabrina Silver chains, though not this particular style, two of which I've worn 24/7 for a couple of years. I can't say enough about how glad I am to have discovered this Amazon partner, because like the other reviewer here, I'm vulnerable to contact dermatitis from alloys. It's so bad I even get a rash on my tummy from prolonged contact with metal buttons on jeans. Nickel must be the chief culprit, because my Sabrina nickel-free silver chains have never raised so much as a speck of red itch. Durable, well-made, good-looking, reasonably priced, and biologically inert  )--gotta love it! Thank you, Sabrina and Amazon. <end>  Nice necklace  It's a pretty good sign of quality when I get this necklace mixed up with my white gold ones! You can't beat the price anywhere. Also, I'm very sensitive to cetain metals and this one doesn't irritate me a bit. <end>
 B000B8YHVE  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 8mm Medium Heavy, Nickel Free ||	  nickel free -hard to find  this necklace is great, my son is allergic to the nickel in regular sterling silver. This one looks great and no reaction as promised! Speedy delivery and item as promised. thanks. <end>
 B000B8YJ8A  Sterling Silver Rectangular Signet Ring Handmade, sizes 6 - 13 ||	  VERY NICE  Seller was great , they got back to me with concerns about the product, when it came we were very pleased! JUST WHAT WE WANTEDill be keeping this site for future products !!! <end>
 B000B912NY  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  VERY nice!  Very nice quality, especially at this low price. Husband loved it and thought I'd spent a fortune;) <end>
 B000B913JC  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not as described  Received this figaro chain quickly but it wasn't as described in sellers listing. Stated it had a lobster clasp, which was important to me. Came with a spring clasp. Passed over several other less expensive chains for that reason. Although the chain is nice; it's a dissapointment to me. <end>  Fiagaro Creation At Its Best  The nickel-free, sterling fiagaro chain was indeed in superb craftmanship. Light as a feather yet beautiful as a diamond. italian Fiagaro shows enough beauty when wored. It looks unique and expensive but to get these in store would cost from $39 - 113.00 depending the size length. It would been better if they had them here. Overall, beautiful and priceless! <end>  fine and delicate  very nice and delicate our daughter loved it for christmas shiny <end>
 B000B913UQ  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.8mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Figaro Necklace  I felt that the description of this item was sadly misunderstood. The necklace itself is very pretty, but it look very fragile, its width is small, and the necklace is shiny. I enjoyed it as a female necklace, but hte purchase was for my boyfriend... it doesn't look masculene..it looks feminine. <end>  Not fragile!  After reading the other review of this item, I felt I had to set the record straight. I bought this chain to use with a pendant my husband bought me while on vacation in Mexico. The pendant is not small, and I needed a substantial chain. This chain is perfect! <end>
 B000B9141E  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 8mm Medium Heavy, Nickel Free ||	  nickel free -hard to find  this necklace is great, my son is allergic to the nickel in regular sterling silver. This one looks great and no reaction as promised! Speedy delivery and item as promised. thanks. <end>
 B000BANFUQ  PalmBeach Jewelry Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Traditional Celtic Symbol Claddagh Ring ||	  Excellent Engagement Ring  I've always liked the symbolism behind the claddagh. This went over very well when I proposed to my wife and has drawn a fair number of compliments. This has very high quality in general and is much more interesting than the standard engagement ring. The only downside is that the little crown does sometimes snag on things, but the 10k is hard enough that this hasn't damaged the ring. <end>  my girl's ring  I am please with my purchased. It's exactly what the picture show. My girl was so happy and that's what matter at the end. <end>  Ring  I LOVE this ring! Since I got this ring, as a picked gift for Saint Patrick's day, I have not taken it off. It is very conformable, I can't even feel it. I certainly got my moneys worth. The picture has a little more detail in the hands than mine does. The sizes are a little off, I got mine smaller than what the Amazon ring fit chart suggested. During the day I will look down and it always catches my graze, often I have trouble looking away. <end>  Anniversary with meaning.  Gave this to my girlfriend on our anniversary. A feminine Claddagh to pair with my own. She loves it. I love it on her. <end>  catchy  The ring is very pretty, and seems worthwhile, but we found that it catches on clothing, and even upholstery fabric at times. <end>
 B000BARLWE  Sterling Silver Amber Cherry Flower Bracelet 8 Inches ||	  Lovely, just as pictured.  The amber is well set & this is a one of my favorite bracelets! Looks good for everyday or more formal wear. Love it!!! <end>  Love it!  I love, love, love this bracelet. It's so beautiful. There are plenty of little flecks throughout the pieces of amber so it is unique and obviously amber instead of glass. The color of the amber is a rich tangerine-honey, not brown as I feared it might be. I'm very happy with this purchase.  ) <end>
 B000BAULPI  Sterling Silver Elegant Red 10mm Millefiori Glass Beads and Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Not a good earring  The beads look cheap and are not in perfect round shape at all. I am very disappointed with this pair, but satisfied with other products from this seller. <end>
 B000BBEF0Y  Large 3" Sterling Silver Open Filigree Celtic Cross Pendant with a 19" Cord Necklace ||	  Exactly like on picture  I bought MANY items from Silver Insanity, and most of their items don't look exactly like on their pictures, or the pictures give another impression. However, this is an EXCEPTION. It looks exactly like it! So... no deception! Note  Don't forget  Although it's not a toy, it isn't a serious-white gold piece of jewelry either, so the feeling is different. <end>  Wonderful Cross  Mother needed a large size cross with a fine design to hang around her neck. This is a beautiful large size cross, no cheap junk. Mother loved it. Mother is happy so I am happy, end of the story! <end>  Very nice pendant  I bought this pendant to go along with a chain I got my girlfriend. She loves it and its very nice. <end>  Don't give this to kids  I gave this necklace to my ex's kid and he snapped the cross in less than a minute. So I do not recommend this necklace to any childern under 10 years old. Other than the pendant the cord necklace is easy to clean and doesn't break as easily as the pendant (unless cut by a knife or scissors). <end>  She is very happy with it.  I bought this for my girlfriend and she seems very happy with it. It is BIG and pretty cool. <end>
 B000BBF2YW  Sterling Silver 8mm Pink Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very pretty  For the price, these earrings are so pretty. My daughter loves them. She is five years old. The price of the earrings makes it very easy for me to replace them if she ever loses one. I would definitely purchase another set from the company even if they are different in style and color. <end>  Pretty in Pink!!  These Earrings are really pretty. The pink cubed crystal is so feminine and girly. I happen to love pink. These earrings are refreshingly sweet.I would definatley recommend them to anyone. This seller does a great job on the quality and design of many pieces that I have purchased so far. <end>
 B000BC98IC  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Round Blue Zircon Cubic Zirconia Post Back Stud Earrings ||	  Perfectly Pleased.  These earrings are great. Well-made (sterling silver), yet inexpensive enough so that I don't worry about losing one. I wear them constantly, in one color or another. <end>  Blue zirconia earrings  These are gorgeous. I bought 2 pairs since my ears are double pierced and wear them at the same time. I ALWAYS get compliments and they look great. <end>
 B000BCD540  Sterling Silver Classic 8mm Blue Crystal Cube Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Crystal Cubes Are Little Beauties  Earrings seems sturdy and nicely made. Leverback posts secure in place easily and no worries such as those with traditional french hooks. The tiny clear crystals are cute, but do not expect to be very visible at a distance. The cuts/facets on the blue crystal cubes are extremely pretty- but again, can only be appreciated up close. I have long, dark hair so must wear it up to show off these little beauties. <end>  The picture is accurate  I don't find myself having much to say save the product looks as the picture did. The earrings are quite nice, and the cubes quite pleasing to look at. <end>  Bobble number Two  I purchase these earings to go with the matching pendant. I think the combination of the two really makes a statement. The sterling silver compliments the crystal. The earings are sturdy and good looking... smart blend. <end>
 B000BCF0QG  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Round Blue Sapphire Cubic Zirconia Post Back Stud Earrings ||	  Perfectly Pleased.  These earrings are great. Well-made (sterling silver), yet inexpensive enough so that I don't worry about losing one. I wear them constantly, in one color or another. <end>  very cute  These earrings are very cute. I have received compliments. I thought they would be sparklier, but they are still cute. Watch out for the backs - tiniest I have ever seen, but they fit tightly - just be careful about dropping them. <end>  Good quality for a great price  I got these and a couple others for my little girl. She loves them and feels like a lady in them. A lot of different earings I've gotten her have irritated her skin but not these. We are very happy with them. <end>
 B000BCGQL4  Sterling Silver Harmony Ball Pendant, 5/8 inch with snake chain ||	  5/8" harmony ball  I liked the appearance of the pendent, however the the chime was more of a rattle. I had ordered the larger one also, and enjoy the mellow chiming sound. <end>  Cat Bell  For every three gifts I purchase for others at Christmas time- I purchase one for myself. This necklace was a present for me. Because of its unusual nature and occasional chime, I often get questions on it. I appreciate the fact that the chimes do not ring with my every movement, and even though my husband refers to it as my "cat bell", the chimes are quite subtle. If you grab it, and actually shake it- the chimes are much louder- this comes in handy when you are bored, or looking to annoy someone. I love this necklace, and haven't taken it off since I got it. <end>  Rattle  This pendant is simple and elegant. The size is perfect for a petite woman like me. However, I agree with a previous reviewer--the chime is more like a rattle. My friend has a harmony ball necklace that sounds angelic when she shakes it so I wanted one as well. I was really disappointed with the rattling sound of the 3 or so noisemakers inside the pendant. I would say it sounds more like a sleigh bell than a harmony ball. I'm too lazy to send it back too so I guess this pendant will make a good holiday rattle for the upcoming Thanksgiving and Christmas festivities... <end>  A great harmony ball  I love this pendant. Unfortunately, I wish it was larger... so watch what size you order.. this company stocks many different sizes. Otherwise, it's a great piece! <end>  Great customer service  Had a slight problem with my order, I cantacted the company and it was fixed immediately. Great customer service, which is a real treat these days. I will order from them again. <end>  Beautiful product  The sterling Silver Harmony Ball Pendant with snake chain arrived today. The shipment was very fast as I only ordered it 1 week ago. It is very pretty and the chain is very nice. It looks very expensive and the chime is perfect. I am very pleased with the product and will order from Sabrina again <end>
 B000BCMUGE  Sterling Silver Harmony Ball Pendant, 7/8 inch with snake chain. ||	  Absolutely beautiful.  This pendant is gorgeous! The tones are quiet and harmonious. It is the perfect size to be noticeable without being overwhelming. <end>  Amazing  I love this harmony ball. So soothing during a busy day in the Emergency Department.....when I hear an unexpected tinkle of music, puts a smile on my face. And the ones I have given as gifts, the receivers have fits over it! Thanks for such an amazing pendant! <end>  Elegant, eclectic, exciting excellent!  I was very hesitant to purchase jewelry online due to previous experiences that were negative (elsewhere--not with this vendor), but I loved the concept of this pendant and decided to take the plunge. I am so happy that I took the risk! The silver ball is highly polished, has a nice solid feel with good weight and is perfectly round and smooth--it looks like a lusterous silver pearl. Even for being on the larger size, it has an elegance that is noticeable, yet unobrusive, as pointed out by the previous reviewer. It is very different--not your traditional piece of jewelry, which is what makes it even more enjoyable to wear. The very best part, of course, is the secret inside...the magical sounds it makes--very soothing and pleasing tones that are truly harmonious. It sounds somewhat like Tinkerbell's wand, but with sophisticated chimes. This is the pendant that goes with everything and that I never have to (or want to) take off. Less expensive harmony balls are available, however, I believe you get what you pay for and this pendant is the largest out there and of very good quality--I think it is definitley worth the price. The accompanying snake chain is also of fine quality. Neither the pendant nor chain have yellow tones--they are both a pure brilliant silver. Although I replaced the chain with another because I wanted a thicker chain to better compliment the larger size of the ball, the chain is still definitely worth having. It is a piece of jewelry that has a fun, little secret inside that will make you smile and is joyful to wear. My 7 year old daughter just loves shaking the ball and listening to the beautiful tones. If you like things that are truly unique, functional, fun AND elegant, I think you will love this pendant. I highly recommend this product and my experience with the vendor was excellent. <end>
 B000BCY74C  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings Emerald Green Oval Shape 3/4 cttw ||	  Radiant Earrings  When I first saw these earrings in their tiny box, I gasped  they are every bit as beautiful as they appear in the picture. In the cubic zirconia stones Sabrina Silver has captured the radiant deep green of genuine emeralds. Set in sterling silver, the stones are an elegant oval shape. These earrings make a superb (and very inexpensive!) gift for a lady whose birthstone is emerald (for May) or who simply loves the green gemstone. <end>
 B000BD1UY6  Man On The Moon Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Perfect  It was exactly what I was looking for. Bought it for my husband and it looks perfect on him. Thank you! <end>  Great inexpensive necklace  I love this necklace! It looks great and it's also adjustable. It has a unique double cord that is easily altered to make the necklace long or short; so it can be worn with any kind of top or dress. <end>
 B000BD25MM  Sterling Silver & Brass Two Tone Belt Buckle Bangle Bracelet 1/4 inch wide, ||	  Beautiful however...  This bracelet is as beautiful as I had hoped it would be; however, it does turn my arm slightly green, which rarely happens to me with silver...it does have the silver .925 markings inside. I'm still glad I bought it. <end>
 B000BD3T6S  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings Ruby Red color Oval Shape 1.5 cttw ||	  Very Good  Color was a little pinker than I expected, but service was excellent. And product is also excellent. <end>
 B000BDBJJC  Pugster Tribal Stainless Steel Necklaces Pendant For Men ||	  Neat little dog tag, but very small.  Despite what the description said, this pendant DID come with a little dog-tag chain, but it's really small for an adult neck. The pendant itself is neat, but it's really really small - - to the seller's credit, they did state that it's about 3/4" long. Arrived promptly, no problems there. I put this pendant on a longer dog tag chain i have with another pendant, and it looks pretty good ! Stainless steel too, so it wont tarnish or rust. Already had a couple people ask "where'd you get that?" <end>
 B000BDBTZG  Pugster Popular In Blue Circle Roman Numeral Hoop Earrings ||	  Great design for the guys...but made for smaller ear lobes  I bought these as a gift for my son and he was very pleased with the design. Very good for the guys out there looking for a hoop earring that's not girlie.The mechanics of this earring have good and bad sides though. The earring is very difficult to "click locked" into place on a larger male ear. Perhaps they should consider making the stem a bit longer to fit the male ear. However, that being said, once it is on, you won't have to worry about losing it! My son doesn't remove his, so its not an issue - at least at the moment! <end>  one handed operation!  the greatest design in hoop earing i have ever used! stick it in... snap it closed! no two handed, ear tearing, finger acrobatics!, click, done! <end>
 B000BDCHLG  Pugster Star Design Stainless Steel Mens Ladies Unisex Hinged Snap Huggie Hoop Earrings ||	  great, simple earrings  I'm a simple girl, I don't like flashy jewelry so this was perfect for me. It's durable and it's one of the few earrings that I haven't managed to lose yet. <end>
 B000BDCHN4  Pugster Butterfly Turtlenecks Stud Earrings ||	  Cute earrings  I got these for the top piercing in my ear but they were too large to fit so they go nicely in the second hole, the post is a good length but it has a tendency to bend if there is extra weight on it (like if you were to sleep in them). The post comes from the center of the earring, not the circle above which is what I thought when I bought them. I like these earrings, they were a great price when I bought them but I don't know if I'd buy them again knowing what I know now. <end>
 B000BDCICO  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Belly Navel Ring Dangling Night Stars Champagne Crystal Beaded Bangle Bracelets Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  Very nice but small.  This is very nice if you did not have to use a magnifying glass to make out the shape. I'm sure it looks like the picture but hard to tell. The crystal is pretty as Swarovski is prone to be but the legs, head, etc. are hard to make out. Wish I knew better how to interpret the sizing given on the item. <end>
 B000BDDCWE  Anklet, 'Minnow' 10" L ||	  minnow anklet from Novica  When I got the anklet it came in a beautiful jewelry box with a postcard of the village of where the designer was from. She wrote a sweet message thanking me from my purchase.I brought everything to work to show it off (including the bio of craftswoman).On my way back from work (I bike), it fell off. I'm so sad. <end>
 B000BDEWUK  Sterling Silver and Pearl Button Flower Earrings, 'Ice Flower' 1" W 1" L ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These are beautiful earrings. I bought many of these Novica Collection Flower Earrings in different colors and they are all very well hand crafted and gorgeous. <end>
 B000BERQN4  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Oval Shaped Pink Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Quick Delivery  Quick Delivery very nice ring Very nice ring picture doesn't do the actual ring any justice at all I'm very happy with the responses from the ring I hope it wont tarnish <end>
 B000BEU406  Gold plated earrings, 'Climbing Serpents' 3" L ||	  Just some things of note....  I got these because I liked the idea of a snake climbing down a silver string. They look good when I wear them and they're very comfortable.That being said, I'll mention some of the things that disappointed me. The first thing, which is really the main and only thing, was that I had hoped the snakes would be more visible. Of course realistically that wouldn't work because the earrings wouldn't look nearly as nice, but I still think it when I put them on.The other thing...If you like to wear your earrings to bed (like me) be careful. The first night I wore them, the back pulled off one of the earrings and it came out. I found it the next morning and promptly replaced the backs with tighter ones. <end>
 B000BEY4LQ  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Oval Shaped Cubic Zirconia Aquamarine Polished Finish Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  love this ring!  I've received a lot of compliments when wearing this ring. It looks great and looks even better that what was pictured. <end>  CZ Aquamarine Silver Ring  This ring is more stunning than what it appears on your screen. It is a "must-have"; I have gotten so many compliments from my family and friends on how pretty and unique the setting is. I am very, very happy I bought it!! <end>  Jewels are a girl's best friend  I really enjoy this ring. The coloring of the stone is absolutely gorgeous.Lots and lots of compliments for this ring everytime I wear it. <end>  CZ Aquamarine ring  This ring turned out to be very appropriate for my purposes. I wanted a ring to wear with a multi-colored stone bracelet and earrings. This ring coordinates very well and is quite attractive. It was a good value for the money. <end>  More than I expected  Recieved Promptly. Great fit. Prettier and bigger (good thing) than I expected. Wasn't cheep or cheesy in any way. <end>
 B000BEZMHQ  Dragon Trinket Box - Collectible Figurine Statue Sculpture Figure ||	  Perfect  The quality of this product is way above and beyond what I expected. It is absolutely gorgeous and well made, and my boyfriend loves it. I think I want one for myself now too!! <end>
 B000BF0YI2  18k White Gold Ruby and Diamond Channel Set Bangle Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bangle  I was wary of buying an item with colored gemstones online. I was afraid the rubies would not be good quality/good color. This item really is as described - beautiful, substantial, with rubies that are true red. I would definitely give it a top rating, and will be wearing it almost every day. <end>
 B000BF1AEY  Art glass choker, 'Golden Dunes' 1" W 2" L ||	  GREAT CHOKER  I gave this to my sister as a Birthday Gift, what a great looking necklace. They wrapped it paper and tied it with a little paper doll from the country it was made in. Great Gift....I want one for myself now, it is so funky and unique. Not cheap looking at all. <end>
 B000BF1BS4  Faberge Style jewelry ||	  5 Star Faberge  The egg is stunning. It has a glisten to it that is absolutely breathtaking. I wear it all of the time and receive many compliments. <end>
 B000BF3TGG  Jade and pearl earrings, 'Harmony' ||	  Very nice!  I am glad I decided to purchase these earrings. They are very nice and to my surprise, I wear them more often than I thought I would. The packaging they arrived in can be reused as a case to store other pieces of jewelry. I am all about reusing...Also, it came with a personalized letter from the creator. It adds a nice touch! <end>
 B000BF546Y  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 10mm Princess Cut Pink Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 2mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  waste of money  This ring isn't worth the money. It looks so nice on the internet but when you get it home it looks like a ring from a kids store. It isn't really sterling silver more plastic than anything and the stone looks cheap. <end>  Fantastic service!!!  Gem Avenue was fantastic to work with. I ended up needing to have my purchase shipped to me while I was traveling. They were wonderful about changing the shipping, and they never acted like it was the tiniest bit inconvenient. I would absolutely order from them again because extraordinary customer service can be hard to find. I would recommend them to anyone and everyone. <end>  Niece loves her ring  Last year I bought myself a more expensive version of this ring. My 13 year old niece loves my ring. Every time I am around her she wants to try mine on. I wanted something similar for her that it would hurt if she damaged or lost it and I discovered this ring. She loves this ring. Wears it all the time. I believe you get what you pay for and this version will do just fine for her until she's older and knows how to take care of a more expensive ring. <end>  The stone fell out!  I was SO excited about how beautiful the ring looked when presenting it to my daughter for her 18th birthday. Three days later she called me tearfully at work saying that the center stone had fell out (luckily she was able to locate it with the help of her friends). I haven't been able to find out how to get it replaced, but I'm very disappointed! <end>  Short lived beauty  I was excited when I got this becasue it was exactly what I wanted big and sparkling. It is also very strong and durable. I was really disappointed at how fast the shine went away, I wasn't expecting real gold and gem quality but I had hoped that for the money it would have lasted longer than a couple days. I wore it to work for two days and by the end of the second day it was dull had lost its luster nad one of the side diamopnds had fallen out. I am a receptionist so it isn't like I get dirt and grime on my hands and do anything that would ruin it quickly. I even tried cleaning it with a jewelry shining cloth and it just didn't shine it up. Overall it is ok but for near $30 for a fake ring I expected more. <end>  great item, great price and great delivery!  The ring is very pretty when you receive it. It comes in a cute little box with a bow on it. The ring is of a great quality and looks nice on your finger. The price for such an item is great when you are looking for beautiful ,quality jewelry at lower prices. The delivery time was excellent as well. I recommend wholeheartedly ordering from this place for just about all your jewelry needs! <end>  Not a good buy  It looks great on the internet but then when I received it at home it looked cheap. I wore it once and that has been it. <end>  Not a good buy  I have no idea why I bought this ring but it really isn't good at all. After about a month the band tarnished and I basically didn't wear it anymore. I used jewelry cleaner and it made the stones shine but the band became worse. I believe it ended up in the garbage. It would be cute for a kid but then again I see the stone fell out for that poor kid. I on the other hand am 22. <end>
 B000BFKD6K  Garnet and rose quartz earrings, 'Exotic Butterfly' 1" W 1" L ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These are beautiful earrings. I bought many of these Novica Collection Butterfly Earrings in different colors and they are all very well hand crafted and gorgeous. <end>
 B000BFMBJC  Dichroic art glass ring, 'Five Planets' 7.5 (US Ring Size) ||	  Only for those who don't use their hands a lot!  If you're a restaurant hostess, a hotel front-desk clerk, or the type of person who gets dressed, drives to work, sits at a desk at your computer, and drives home, this ring will be fine for you. I love the look of this ring and the art glass colors are beautiful, but I lost the pink glass ball the FIRST day I wore this ring. It was nice and tight in the tension band, but even sticking your hand in your pocket or unbuckling your toddler from a car seat can scrape the ball out of the setting. I have since tried to wear the other colors and am now down to just three of the five colors. I try to be mindful of the fact that the ring sits high off the finger and the ball can pop out pretty easily, but have still lost two of the balls. Sometimes, the ball will pop out and I'll notice it right then and recover it. But the last one I lost was while unloading groceries (either from my cart into the trunk, or from the trunk into the house), so I have no idea where the little ball may be. This is a great idea, but I have another "changeable stones" ring that grasps the stone much more securely, so I wear that one a lot more often. <end>
 B000BFT9CY  Onyx bracelet, 'Visionary' ||	  Love the Bracelet  All of my silver and black onyx jewelry was recently stolen and I have been looking for replacements that were as unique as the jewelry I had. This is a lovely bracelet that fits the bill. I really like the detailed work on the leaves on the sides. The stone is a nice size and fits right into the space between the bones of my wrist. The picture on Amazon is very accurate. Though the bracelet is adjustable, it's still a little large on my wrist. In order for it to fit correctly I pretty much have to overlap the prongs, but I also know that it won't fall off and it also doesn't move around on my wrist. The bracelet comes in a circular box that is also large enough to store other bracelets. I also like supporting the goals of Novica. <end>
 B000BGR98E  Pugster It's Happy Bunny You Suck Animals Licensed Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  cute,but banned  Even though happy bunny is ADORABLE, these were banned at my school for "offensive messages". You might want to think if people are going to be upset when they see these. <end>
 B000BGWSSK  Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring Size 8,9,10,11,12,13,14 ||	  Sterling silver band  My fianc&eacute;e wanted a sterling wedding ring since he wears a lot of silver. This ring arrived quickly, in an adorable gift box, and is exactly what we wanted. <end>  Silver Mens Ring Size 14  It was hard to find a nice, simple wedding ring for a size 14 finger. The ring was shipped super fast and was packaged in a wonderful ring box. (Rings normally come in a small ring bag.) The ring itself is very well made, nice shine and a nice weight even for the size. I was concerned that the 8mm width would be wide, but it looks nice on a mans finger. If this ring is ever lost (hopefully not!) I will order from this company again and order the same ring! <end>  good ring  I went to several stores to try to find an inexpensive wedding band, but couldn't find one that was the right size and weight for a reasonable price. I saw this one on amazon.com and ordered it. I received it within a couple days, packed in a cute gift box. It's a simple, plain wedding band, at a very affordable price. <end>  good replacement ring  My husband lost his wedding band so I ordered this and he found his wedding band the next day. But when the ring came it was better than his other and it fit him better so he decided to wear the new one instead. Would recomend this ring to anyone on a budget. <end>  will scratch, but serves its purpose  Got this ring for a rush wedding. Works great, but scratches easily. Hey, it's sterling silver. It's the best you'll get for the price. <end>  Okay  The workmanship did not appear as perfect as in the picture. There were some visible imperfections with the edges and also some imperfections where the ring is joined as a circlet. Maybe I was just sent a reworked ring. Anyway, the value was still good. <end>  Good for the price  The ring arrived in a prompt manner with a nice box. It was a gift for a man and came in a pink box, which I thought was odd, but still okay. It was shiny but lost its luster quickly so we cleaned it with silver jewelry cleaner and it was restored. It also started dying his finger which I have never seen a sterling silver ring do, but otherwise it was good for the amount of money. <end>  Very satisfied  I searched a while before I could find exactly this  men's silver band, large size, good price. Not as shiny, but nothing is after you wear it unless you paid hundreds. The delivery was speedy and it came wrapped super sweet. I couldn't be more satisfied and will return as a customer for next purchase. <end>  Great Value  I ordered this last minute in a large size (14) and product arrived quickly and as pictured. Great value item <end>  Mens 8 MM Sterling Silver Ring Wedding Band Size 10  The ring came in as expected and was what the ad said it should be. For this I was pleased. <end>  What a JOKE!  You DEFINITELY get what you pay for. I got it in the mail a few days after ordering it..(kudo's on prompt delievery) and my fiance had it on for 20 minutes, and his finger had managed to turn completely green, and black. To my understanding sterling silver shouldn't do that?? Anyways, I returned the ring for a full refund, and will not make that mistake again. Best of luck to all of you. <end>  Nice enough ring  The ring came in excellent time, in a really neat gift bos and is shiney and fit right. As I wear it, it has however, dulled quite a bit. But hey, it is cheap ring. <end>  Very nice ring!  I ordered this for my fiance and was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package. The ring is shiny silver and is very heavy. It's heavier than rings we had looked at in the jewelry stores. I'm very impressed with it and because it came so fast. I ordered it Wednesday night and received it Friday before noon. <end>  Beautiful ring  This is a beautiful ring. It was hard to tell from the picture exactly how it would look on your hand which I guess is the problem with ordering online but...I ordered 2 of these, one for my Dad and one for my husband. My Dad loved the feel of it but my Mom thought it was a little too big being the 8mm size, we actually had to return it anyway because we bought a 10 and he needs a 9 1/2 or it will just fall off again and be gone. My husband had the same issue. He needed a smaller size so sadly that has to go back too. But this is a truly beautiful shiny heavy duty ring and I would definitely buy it again if I could get the right size. <end>  Nice  We had to replace our gold sets with silver due to a reaction I was having with the gold. It was important to him that our rings matched and for this price why not. This is a nice ring. It has a nice weight to it. It is the perfect width for my husbands finger and has a nice shine. He is happy with it and that is what matters most. <end>  Perfect ring for a no-nonsense low maintenance men's wedding band  love the ring. super simple silver looks great feels great. I highly recommended the seller for this ring. <end>  Sterling Silver Wedding Band  This is an excellent product. I ordered the wrong size twice. It was my fault. But the product is exceptional. I love it. I think it's beautiful. But I do think your restocking fee is a bit high. <end>  Very shiny silver Men's wedding band  Ring arrived promptly, photo was accurate. Ring has some weight to it, and is very shiny. Great product for such a low price. <end>  Gem Ave ring  Nice ring.I ordered a second one in 5mm. The 5mm ring was not as nice. It had obviously been sized and the joint where it was welded was crooked and the ring was scratched. <end>  Sterling Silver Wedding Band  Look beautiful, but had to return it too small, order a thinner one in a larger size, was very please. <end>  Great Value!  My husband lost his wedding ring so we bought this one to replace it. This ring has a great weight and nice quality! He like it more than his first ring! <end>
 B000BGX938  Pugster Do I Look Like A Damn People Person? ||	  pugster  I have done business with then before on ebay. There charms are always readable, some of the others are not. <end>
 B000BH1R4U  6mm wide Black Onyx Gemstone Band Ring ||	  A very nice ring at a very nice price  I would suggest getting at least a half size larger than you usually do, because stone rings don't have any "give" like metal rings do. I'm not positive this ring is actually onyx, but it's still very pretty. It also came in a cute little gift box. I'm very happy with this ring. <end>  Classic, simple  I received this very inexpensive, genuine onyx band from the vendor very quickly and have enjoyed wearing it. Its simplicity and "good feel" on the hand are plusses to the obvious fact that it is a good accompaniment with darker clothing. <end>  Disappointed  Though this ring is nice to look at ... it did not hold up. The ring broke into three pieces on the second day. My son simply went to put the ring on. He had not dropped it or hit it in anyway. Could be that is was defective on arrival, but when you have to pay for shipping, it can get costly. <end>  6 MM Black Onyx Gemstone Band Ring  The band ring was a gift for our granddaughter; it is precisely what she wanted. It was ordered a 2nd time; the first band was shattered in an accident. She liked it so much, we ordered another one for her. The band is striking in appearance by virtue of its simplicity and stark blackness. <end>  Good service  The ring I first received was damaged (cracked) but when I asked for an exchange I was sent a new ring without having to return the old one! (it was very low cost to begin with).That's still pretty darn cool, in my book. <end>  Everything's good so far  The ring looks nice and is unique. It was what I was looking for, and the little gold box with bow packaging was a nice touch. I bought this ring for my boyfriend in February. He's worn it every day since then and it hasn't broken. I worried because some reviews for the other similar gemstone rings mentioned that they shatter. He wears it in a weird spot on the finger and it has flung off a few times but hasn't broken. <end>  Amazing  The ring exceeded my expectations as did the prompt service of the company I bought it from. Beautiful and of exceptional quality the person I bought it for adores it. <end>  it's exactly what i was looking for but...  it's exactly what i was looking for but it turns out that there's a store in town that have the item but at a lower cost. so i would recommend looking around your area first but i still have this item 6 month later  ] <end>  I love my ring(s)  i know it supposed to be fragile, but i was really hard on it and it didn't break. I lost some weight and i had to get a size down and so far its just as good as the last one. I love it. <end>  beautiful ring  what a beautiful ring! I'm very sensitive to all types of metal so i was looking for something that is simple and beautiful that wasn't metal to wear as a wedding band! This caught my and my husbands eye! Very fast shipping and a great product! Thank you <end>  Great RIng  Very happy with this ring! It looks great with my silver band ring, love it and the excellent price! Added surprise was the very cute gift boxes that the rings come in. Thank you for great service and products. <end>  Sheek black onyx  When i recieved the ring it arrived in this cute lil box! The ring itself is very nice and slick. It has a nice shine to it and can go with anything that i ware  ) <end>  Super ring  This was one of the fastest orders I've ever received from a company. I've wanted a plain black ring for ages and this one is perfect. Fantastic price, excellent quality, super fast shipping.. what more can you ask for? <end>  onyx ring  This black onyx ring is simply beautiful but I did accidentally drop it on ceramic tile flooring. The ring did not shatter to pieces but only sustained a small chip and that impressed me. While the chip is very small, I do intend to order this excelently priced item again. <end>  great product-great service  Received my ring very quickly. Quality much higher than I expected for such a low price. Would highly recommend this seller for both product and service. <end>  Very Pleased  I wa very pleased withthis ring.It arrived in great condition ,early,and was very well pakaged I wold buy fro this company again. <end>  cool  this ring is cool. it came with a gold colored box. shipping was great on & time. i recommened for any dude of all ages. <end>  Awesome black Onyx ring  I have been looking for a black onyx ring for the past year. Onyx is my birth stone. And when I saw this one I just had to buy it. I dont where too many rings or own many of them. As a guy I was looking for a ring that would be very versatile and could match any style I was dressed. And I found it in this ring. It can match a dark suit for a formal event and even jean with holes in them at a rock concert. I really like this ring. I reccomend it proudly. <end>  Great Stackable thumb rings  This is my second purchase coz I lost my first green jade ring while handling luggage at the airport. I just love these rings. They are great as thumb rings. I stack them up with a gold & diamond band and other gold bands with semi-precious gems and they just attract the eye and look stylish on the thumb. I have received so many compliments. I also bought another green jade ring and one of these for my BFF. <end>  Black ONYX ring  I was very satisfied with this ring and I would recommend it to anyone who's looking for simple black onyx ring-jewelry. This ring is cold and heavy so I believe it is a real gemstone - no plastic for sure. <end>  Beautiful!!  Awesome coloring, beautiful ring. Fit perfect to the size I ordered. Gift box it came in was a great touch! <end>  Simple but nice  I was concerned that this ring would look like a plastic ring but it is shiny and beautiful even though it is so simple. Definitely get a half size bigger. I wear a size 6 normally but the 6.5 fit me perfectly. It is also pretty sturdy as I've given it a few accidental hard knocks and it's stayed together fine. Plus it's inexpensive and comes in a cute little box! <end>  Satisfied  I am quite satisfied with this ring and I would recommend it to anyone looking for onyx jewelry, or any Leo looking for birthstone jewelry.l) <end>  Simple, yet elegant  This is a simple, yet elegant ring. It came in its own gift box, which surprised me. I love the feel of the band, and how it keeps its luster even after wearing it all day. I highly recommend it. <end>  Excellent item  I'm planning on ordering a second ring; the first shattered after I dropped it on a hard tile floor (whoops). It was beautifully simplistic, exactly what I'd hoped for. <end>  Fast delivery  Very fast delivery & priced great...thank you! My son requested this ring. He did not realize that this is a soft stone and should be handled with care. The first time he put it on, he accidently dropped the ring and it shattered in 3 pieces. These rings are beautiful however like other soft stones (emeralds, opals, etc.) should be handled (cleaning, etc.) with more care. As in band rings that are flat fitted on the inside, consider the wider the band, go 1/2 a size from original finger size for each mm. <end>  very nice  This is a very beautiful ring. I bought two, one in a size 6 for my friend, the other in a size 9 for me. It fits great, and comes in the cutest little box that's perfect for gift-giving. I would recommend this item to anyone considering it because it is a very nice ring. <end>  Opulent Onyx  I adore this ring! I love semi-precious stone and onyx is no exception. The order was filled promptly and arrived before its scheduled date in a tiny box. It's true what they say...the very best things come in small packages! I look forward to many orders with gemstone. <end>
 B000BHQOB6  Pugster Size 8 Square Cut Turquoise Rings ||	  Beautiful Ring, Horrible Quality  This is a gorgeous ring and I got a lot of complements on it. Unfortunately, I hadn't had it a week before the stone fell out and was lost. The sellers were very good about refunding my money, but I would rather of had the ring. <end>
 B000BIGLVS  Pugster Sterling Silver Pink Fresh Water Pearl Bracelets ||	  Not as nice as I'd hoped  The bracelet is ok looking, but it does look cheaper than I had anticipated. And the person I gave it to as a gift had to struggle with the clasp for quite a while to get it to work. It's not bad looking and I would wear it, but I'm not sure I'd give it as a gift again. <end>
 B000BIPFLK  Pugster Sterling Silver Wrapped Stick Dangle Pearl Earrings ||	  earrings  I bought these as a gift for someone so I don't really have much of an idea of how it turned out except that she says she really liked them and goes great with a good many of her dresses. <end>
 B000BIRA9K  Pugster White Crystal Glass Wrap Bracelet On Brown Leather For Women ||	  Not as expected  This wrap bracelet was not as expected. It is unique, kind of pretty and sytlish but i did not like the quality once it was received and I would not wear it.. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  I am not sure they are real but they are pretty non the less. <end>
 B000BIUAKQ  Doejoe Stripe Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Goodness graciously good  This barbell is incredibly comfortable for a solid design. As with most barbells with plastic balls on a metal bar, they tend to come a tad loose once in a while but it isn't anything that can't be remedied with tightening them once a day (which is what you're supposed to do with a tongue piercing anyways) <end>
 B000BIVSNO  14 Gauge STEEL BARBELL Tongue Ring 3/4" 5mm ||	  Its great.  Its a little long after your swelling has gone down, but i kept wearing it anyways. Looks very nice, retains its shine. Very satisfied. Threads didnt strip at all and I havent taken it out in 7 months. I could sell it to someone and they would think its new (but Im not going to). Terriffic, 100% recommended! <end>  i love my barbells..  I give 4 stars because the shipping took 2 much time..i ordened them last friday and i recived them today thursday...I bought them because the normal size is too short for my tongue..i bought 4..And i love them..u can screw both balls...i was wondering if they were that way..and yeah..they are ! D &lt;3 <end>
 B000BIVSRA  18 Gauge STEEL BARBELL Tongue Ring 3/8" 2mm ||	  time to buy a ruler!  wow, this is really small! i don't recomend for your tongue. unless you are super tiny and have a teeny tongue. i haven't worn a barbell in years but i knew the hole was still open. i needed something with a small guage and small balls at the ends. it is small all right! looks more like a eyebrow barbell-thing. my own fault, i am bad with measurements.pull out your ruler before you decide!! <end>
 B000BIVT9M  Black and White Eight Ball Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Great  I bought this tongue ring for my husband. He love's his tongue ring. He wears it once in a while but not all the time. Looks great also. <end>
 B000BIVTVA  Solar Blue GEM DAISY Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Dissapointed  I thought this tongue ring was quite attractive and unsual so I bought it. It is however notvery practical to wear. The studs on the top are rough and cut the palette. It cannot be worn for extended periods of time because it is uncomfortable. I would not recommend this product <end>
 B000BIXJQI  Rainbow Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Love it  It's the first time I odered a tongue ring that had a bigger ball on top and an emblem embedding in it like this (I ordered two). I have to say at first it felt weird but after a few minutes I loved it. AND because the top is like rubber coated over the picture it doesn't bother the top of your mouth or your teeth. It's top heavy to feel but you don't notice it after a few minutes. I like it a lot. <end>
 B000BIZO4S  Yin Yang Symbol Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Recommended  A good, sturdy barbell. Well worth it for the price. The only downside is that it's a little big - obviously, since there's a design on it. Ends up feeling bulky in your mouth. Other than that, I really liked mine. It is smooth so it won't irritate your gums. <end>
 B000BJM26K  14K Yellow Gold 1 ct. Princess Cut Diamond Huggie Earrings ||	  Very beautiful huggie earrings  I was a bit apprehensive when purchasing these earrings online without having seen them, but was quite pleased when they arrived. The earrings are very beautiful; the diamonds are brilliant. The item was shipped by 2nd day delivery and arrived on time as promised by the seller. <end>
 B000BKABCQ  Organic-Styled Sculptual Sterling Silver "Harmony" Ring ||	  love this ring!  Very stylish, great looking ring, I really like it! I wish they have a custom option so that I could choose or add something that I want to be said on it, but anyway, - 5 stars from me. <end>  Amazing!  Just received the ring and I am already in love with it. Like the other reviewer stated no two rings are the same. But its still amazing. And for the price you can't beat it. The script on it is beautiful, and the fit may be a little snug, so if you wish you should order maybe one size up. Or if you like it to stay in place order your true size.ALL IN ALL  AMAZING <end>  silver ring  for the size this ring is pretty hefty.no two will be exactly the same, each will have differences.overall for the price you can't beat it <end>
 B000BKD1R8  Silver wire drop earrings dangling with pink crystals (UBE-262) ||	  The Perfect Gift For The Gem Of Your Life!  Of course, I got these earrings for myself, and was fearful that they were [...]. Well, when I got them It was love at first sight. The silver shined brightly, and the crystal wasn't has small as I thought. There not huge, but not so tiny that no one could notice them. There very light weight and I have sensitive ears and these earrings give me no problems whatsoever. If your looking to suprise a loved one with a pair of beautiful earrings, I suggest these. <end>
 B000BKS6ZU  Silver Tone Pink Crystal Wings Fairy Charm Bracelet ||	  Think stainless steel.  I bought this fairy bracelet because my niece loves Tinkerbell. I loved the fact that the fairy has a kind of stone on the wings. So I bought one of each, a fairy with red wings, green, blue, well you get the idea. I regret buying them because the actual bracelet feels and looks like stainless steel instead of having a silver look. It reminds me of something that you can buy at a hardware store. Do yourself a favor and pass this one up. Bottom line- cute concept but poorly made. <end>
 B000BKY910  Daffodil Lapel Pin ||	  lovely pin!  This daffodil pin was a pleasant surprise! I was unsure if it would look "cheap" or not due to the low price, but it looks good and I was proud to give it as a gift. Thank you! <end>
 B000BKY960  Horseshoe Crab Lapel Pin ||	  Little crab  This little crab pin was just what I was looking for. I work at an aquarium with the horse shoe crabs & this is perfect for my lapel. The service was quick. It was here in a few days & a number of fellow volunteers asked where I had gotten it. For now, I'm not telling. <end>
 B000BKY9DS  Camera Lapel Pin ||	  Nice quality  I collect pewter lapel pins, so I am always looking for ones that are well made. I like this pin for that reason and the detail. It's thick and the backing is very solid. <end>
 B000BKYTRO  Doejoe Stripe Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  cute ring  Purchased to use as a lip ring. It's cute but I'm not digging the stripes for a lip ring. Unfortunately these did not fit my 14g tongue ring when I tried to swap them out. They would screw on but not tightly enough that I didn't end up almost swallowing it a bunch of times. Oh well <end>
 B000BKYTT2  Psychedelich Black Star Acrylic Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  GOOD  I GOT THIS FOR MYSELF BECAUSE I WA TIRED OF THE ONE I HAD BUT THE BALLS ON THIS ONE KEPT FALLING OFF SO I WENT BACK TO THE ONE I HAD BEFORE I DIDNT WANT TO GLUE MYSELF ON TO IT BY ANY MEANS <end>  cute ring  Cute ring, good price, I actually use it to put into my labret when I want a funky lip ring substitute. <end>
 B000BKZCBQ  Sterling Silver Vine of Black Pearl Bracelet ||	  pearl bracelet  I bought this bracelet to wear to a wedding and it was stunning! I received numerous compliments and everyone wanted to know where I got my beautiful bracelet from. Thanks Eves! <end>  Arrived damaged  One of the pearls had come unglued during transit. Would not recommend. <end>
 B000BL2B6E  Swarovski Emerald Double Gem Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Good for price  Good for what I paid. I actually ended up taking the jewel balls and putting on previous ring because I didn't like the curve of this one. <end>
 B000BL2B8C  Swarovski Sapphire Aurora Double Gem Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  SWAROVSKI Sapphire AURORA Double Gem Spiral Twister Belly Ring  My daughter loved it for XMAS <end>
 B000BL46U8  Disco Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Not what it seems.  This does not look the same as in the picture provided. Instead of a disco ball, it looks like plastic with silver glitter in it. I was disapointed, seeing as how I was buying it for my niece. <end>  belly ring is cute  It is a little big for my belly but its fine I love it.!!!! I would say get it! yay <end>  Pretty!  This spiral ring is very pretty! It looks even nicer in "person." It is just a tiny bit larger that most spirals I've owned, but was comfortable once I got used to it. <end>
 B000BL470M  Black Tie Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  I have serious METAL ALLERGIES & these were GREAT  I ordered a batch of these together. I was a few cents shy of the free shipping & the seller was awesome enough to go ahead & give it to me, & we're talking $9+ worth of free shipping. TOTALLY cool to deal with. Fast shipping & the items themselves are perfect. They are as detailed in the sales description. The beads are vibrant, as I have the green, red & purple. This is a great product & seller & I would certainly buy again. <end>
 B000BLMU0G  Children's Round Fairy Necklace (length  14") ||	  beckysue  Bought the star version of this necklace and it was lovely. The 8 year old that I bought it for just loved it and it looked beautiful. <end>
 B000BM4U6W  14k White Hinged Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  not as great as they looked  The shipping and everything went fine. the product doesnt look as good as it does in the picture at all. when it arrived they looked cheap. I returned them. <end>
 B000BM6Z8S  14k White 5 mm Plain Bold Bangle - 8 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Flimsy  My dearly beloved twisted this bangle out of shape just trying to get it off her wrist. Returned and got something else <end>
 B000BM967A  14k Yellow 5 mm Puffed Mariner Link Anklet - 10 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Gucci (Mariner) link anklet  I feel as if amazon was very productive in assisting me with obtaining this Gucci (Mariner) Link Anklet. Way better than the jewelry stores, despite the limited variety.Thanks alot amazon I really appreciate this! <end>
 B000BMCI3Y  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not Great Quality  This necklace (which I bought as a gift) started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use. The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath. The whole thing was thrown away within six months. <end>
 B000BMCI52  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not Great Quality  This necklace (which I bought as a gift) started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use. The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath. The whole thing was thrown away within six months. <end>
 B000BMCI5M  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not Great Quality  This necklace (which I bought as a gift) started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use. The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath. The whole thing was thrown away within six months. <end>
 B000BMCSKW  Atom Lapel Pin ||	  Perfect for doctors, nurses, students, and teachers.  TheAtom Lapel Pinarrived as pictured on a nice card that fits inside of standard jewelry boxes. The pin has very nice detail and color. I was very pleased to learn that it was designed and manufactured in the USA. I bought multiple pins as gifts for graduating nurses and they loved every single one.Every pin shows high attention to detail in the fit and finish. No rough edges and every surface is nicely polished. I will buy again and highly recommend for nurses, students, and teachers. <end>
 B000BMFV1U  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 36 inch ||	  Sterling Silver bead chain 30"  This chain has kept its bright color & is just the right thickness & length. <end>  Pallini Bead Necklace  Turned out to be a good size for the pendant I needed it for. Nice finish, and seems well-constructed. <end>
 B000BMFV4M  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 36 inch ||	  Sterling Silver bead chain 30"  This chain has kept its bright color & is just the right thickness & length. <end>  Pallini Bead Necklace  Turned out to be a good size for the pendant I needed it for. Nice finish, and seems well-constructed. <end>
 B000BMFV5Q  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  greatly magnified  the beads are greatly magnified, so i paid $35 for a necklace suitable for a child <end>  Disappointing  I did not receive the chain that I ordered. The one that was shipped to me was another style entirely. When I sent an email to the company, they replied in an email telling me that I would have to have a specific form to return the chain, but that they were out of the forms and would send one later. Of course, I never heard from them again. I just gave up and used the chain they sent, even though it was not the one I ordered. There is nothing wrong with the chain - quality and design are fine - it just wasn't what I wanted. <end>
 B000BMI57W  Crocodile Lapel Pin ||	  Perfect for when a Gator needs to go upscale!!!  I purchased this pin for those occasions when I wanted to represent my Florida Gators, but not with the traditional sports-oriented logo. This fits the bill perfectly. It isn't big on the lapel, and looks great. The back "clasp" actually clicks on, so it definitely isn't coming off accidentally if you put it on all the way. <end>
 B000BMLE70  Vintage Style Three Stone CZ Sterling Silver Huggies ||	  Beautiful but.....  Recieved these earrings just the other day and they are beautiful!! But....in trying to get the backs to feel secure a piece of the metal broke off - I have yet to call Eve's addiction - but hopefully I will be able to get a replacement and have them xplain if this is the way the earring is supposed to sit on my ear. Never had "huggies" syle earring before and they just don't feel secure! They are so pretty I don't want to lose them.******update*****DEC. 2009I spoke with Eve's Addiction....in April 2009.... at which time I was told it would be NO problem for me to send the damaged earring back and receive a replacement @ no charge. Well, being a great procrastinator....I didn't actually wind up sending it back unitl just the other day...and it is now Dec...it was still NO problem!!! I rec'd the replacement in no time and am happy to report that I was more gentle in trying to secure the earrings and am enjoying wearing them they look beautiful on! Eve's Addiction was very customer friendly & accomodating. Their products are well made and substantial. I will happily continue to do business with them! <end>
 B000BMUJIU  Two Tone Burnished Men's Comfort Fit Wedding Band ||	  men's comfrot fit wedding ring  Ok ring, came very small for a man's size. Could barely see the difference in gold and white gold in ring. Hardly what is shown in photograph. My fiance says he thinks the ring is ok. I do note that the service was great and the delivery prompt. satisfaction  ok-good. Thanks to the company, very nice to deal with. <end>
 B000BMV3P8  Created Tahitian Pearl with CZ Brinjal Earring ||	  Lovely Earrings!  These earrings are as beautiful as they appear in the picture--great earrings at a fantastic price. They are presented in a yellow, lightly-padded pouch with a snap like an envelope. Delivery was very fast! I bought these as a gift for my sister and she loved them! Gorgeous and eye-catching! <end>  Actually, the picture is right on the dot!  In the picture, I thought the snap looked small. Turns out, I had it backwards. The snaps are normal sized, but the pearls are huge! The surface of the pair I received was nice and smooth with no visible imperfections, and the color was if anything a bit deeper, and significantly more iridescent. The packaging a bit so-so, but I wasn't expecting a jeweler's box for the price. It was packaged very well for shipping though.We gave these for a gift, so they got transplanted into a decent box before final "delivery", but if you don't have a box handy, they sell nice gift card holders that look like books and boxes and such [...] which would be perfect for it. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful and are bigger than I thought they would be. They are nice and heavy and look beautiful. Definitely a great buy! <end>
 B000BMX4LO  3-Cubed CZ Pave Earrings ||	  Earrings Review  They were smaller than they appeared in the picture. I'll probably not give them away. <end>
 B000BMX4LY  Pearly Brooch ||	  My boss loves it!  I bought for my boss on Christmas and she loves it! <end>
 B000BO0S9I  New 10 KT Toe Ring Womens Gold Celtic Toering 10k ||	  Great price & comfortible toe ring  Great price and very comfortable toe ring. I would purchase this toe ring again. <end>  It broke  Very attractive but perhaps too fragile for my use. My first toe ring lasted for YEARS and I've had problems replacing it. I did like this one but perhaps as I initially put it on I stretched it out and weakened it. At any rate it lasted about a month then broke.Its replacement, from another source, looks a little thicker and plainer but has lasted longer. (My husband put it on without unbending it at all and that may be the answer.) <end>
 B000BO7F2Q  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 5 mm Black Color 1 1/2 cttw ||	  Surprised and pleased.  I am so surprised and pleased at the quality of these earrings. I really didn't expect much when I ordered them, but I figured for this price even if I wear them only a couple of times they would be worth it.But, wow, they are so pretty and good quality I will be wearing them alot.And since it only took a couple of days for delivery, I just ordered several more pair to stick in with my daughters, granddaughter and sisters Christmas packages... I know they will love them as much as I do.Sabrina Silver, I highly recommend them....Merry Christmas.. <end>  super satisfied  These guys are great, Awesome is the word. Received my product in good time. and very pleased with it. Had a little problem with one of the earrings and they replaced them. Awesome Will be shopping with them again. Most defiantly.Dewayne <end>  perfect for second earring hole  This is a great pair of small earrings; I wear them in my second ear piercing and they look great. They are small, but nice- exactly as described. <end>  Good quality for the price  these are really nice earrings. the only thing that bothered me was since the item picture was so close, i thought they would be a bit bigger. other than that they are really cute. so, if u like larger studs to be seen from afar, go for a 7mm or 8mm. <end>  Cute  Quick Delivery, I haven't worn them yet, but they look like they'll last a bit! <end>  great earrings  These earrings are a great size, shiny, pretty and a great buy. I really like them in my second hole and are small enough to wear with a pair in the first hole and big enough to be seen.I highly recommend. <end>  Great item, accurate description, quick shipping  No problems with this purchase at all - shipped quickly, safely, and the item was exactly as described. <end>
 B000BO7F30  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 6 mm Black Color 2 1/2 cttw ||	  Great buy!  Very nice price and item. The only negative is the item has a very small post/backing. If you loose the back you cannot replace with another backing. <end>  Love these!  I wear these earings all the time, I love having black studs in my ears! They are a little big, but I think it's a good thing since my skin is so pale, a little black spec wouldn't be enough. Gorgeous earings, and instant go-to. <end>  Very satisfied  I really like these earrings. I wear them to work and at home- they go with many of my outfits. Good quality for the price! <end>  bling  Everything was just perfect on time and what I expected Will shop againThanks <end>  Goregeous, but "tall"  I love these earrings - they're the perfect complement to all of my "wearing black" days (this is most of the month of October for me!).They're a little tall - and occasionally jab me in the face and behind the ears, but otherwise i love them. <end>  A different kind of earring  I bought this for my nephew. The price was amazing, and his reaction was wonderful.J <end>  sentiments on black CZ earrings  These earrings are beautiful. I love them. They are the size I like and I received them in a very timely manner and in great shape. I would highly recommend these to anyone who likes black earrings. <end>
 B000BO7F3A  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 5 mm Black Color 1 cttw Brilliant Cut ||	  good earrings  The posted description defined exactly what I was buying and delivery was fast and convenient. <end>
 B000BP3CIQ  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Paula from SC  I was very pleased with this purchase. It far exceeded my expectations. The most appealing thing about this necklace is the flexability . It lays so pretty on the neck. This is my second purchase of this product. I gave a friend one for a gift and she loves it. <end>  Absolutely stunning!  What an incredible necklace! Such a brilliant polish! As an added bonus, it's nickel free! <end>  Great Necklace  Great item. My wife had one that we bought for around $50 at the mall and it had her breaking out in a rash.This item is nickel free. She has been wearing it since before Christmas and loves it. <end>
 B000BP5FJ0  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Terrific bracelet!  I really am enjoying this bracelet (which I just received this week) - the 5.5 mm width is great for me - it shows the pattern on the herringbone and the shine of the silver to great advantage. The bracelet fits well and it's very comfortable. I love that Sabrina Silver has bracelets in 7 inch lengths, which are getting rare in silver. I highly recommend it. <end>  very nice necklace  I got this just before Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it....it's just so pretty and I have gotten many compliments on it. <end>  Silver necklace  It's beautiful and just what I wanted. Shipping was fast. So far I have had no problems with it. <end>
 B000BP5FKY  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 10.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  All about Bling  I was looking for a nice SS herringbone all over the internet and I never could find one that suited me. One was too small or was the wrong length. I did a search on herringbone necklaces and I was surprised when Amazon popped up on the screen. I didn't know Amazon had THE BLING I WANTED. The necklace is everything & more of the description. I LOVE IT AND I AM HAPPY WITH THE PIECE. <end>  Great piece of jewelry  This order of a herringbone necklace was quickly fulfilled and the merchandise is wonderful!! Many compliments have been received for this gift - from total strangers. Good job. <end>
 B000BP5FM2  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Paula from SC  I was very pleased with this purchase. It far exceeded my expectations. The most appealing thing about this necklace is the flexability . It lays so pretty on the neck. This is my second purchase of this product. I gave a friend one for a gift and she loves it. <end>  Absolutely stunning!  What an incredible necklace! Such a brilliant polish! As an added bonus, it's nickel free! <end>  Great Necklace  Great item. My wife had one that we bought for around $50 at the mall and it had her breaking out in a rash.This item is nickel free. She has been wearing it since before Christmas and loves it. <end>
 B000BP6ZBC  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Paula from SC  I was very pleased with this purchase. It far exceeded my expectations. The most appealing thing about this necklace is the flexability . It lays so pretty on the neck. This is my second purchase of this product. I gave a friend one for a gift and she loves it. <end>  Absolutely stunning!  What an incredible necklace! Such a brilliant polish! As an added bonus, it's nickel free! <end>  Great Necklace  Great item. My wife had one that we bought for around $50 at the mall and it had her breaking out in a rash.This item is nickel free. She has been wearing it since before Christmas and loves it. <end>
 B000BP8OM0  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Terrific bracelet!  I really am enjoying this bracelet (which I just received this week) - the 5.5 mm width is great for me - it shows the pattern on the herringbone and the shine of the silver to great advantage. The bracelet fits well and it's very comfortable. I love that Sabrina Silver has bracelets in 7 inch lengths, which are getting rare in silver. I highly recommend it. <end>  very nice necklace  I got this just before Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it....it's just so pretty and I have gotten many compliments on it. <end>  Silver necklace  It's beautiful and just what I wanted. Shipping was fast. So far I have had no problems with it. <end>  Terrific bracelet!  I really am enjoying this bracelet (which I just received this week) - the 5.5 mm width is great for me - it shows the pattern on the herringbone and the shine of the silver to great advantage. The bracelet fits well and it's very comfortable. I love that Sabrina Silver has bracelets in 7 inch lengths, which are getting rare in silver. I highly recommend it. <end>  very nice necklace  I got this just before Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it....it's just so pretty and I have gotten many compliments on it. <end>  Silver necklace  It's beautiful and just what I wanted. Shipping was fast. So far I have had no problems with it. <end>
 B000BP8OQ6  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Paula from SC  I was very pleased with this purchase. It far exceeded my expectations. The most appealing thing about this necklace is the flexability . It lays so pretty on the neck. This is my second purchase of this product. I gave a friend one for a gift and she loves it. <end>  Absolutely stunning!  What an incredible necklace! Such a brilliant polish! As an added bonus, it's nickel free! <end>  Great Necklace  Great item. My wife had one that we bought for around $50 at the mall and it had her breaking out in a rash.This item is nickel free. She has been wearing it since before Christmas and loves it. <end>
 B000BQ1THG  Pugster Size 8 Small Round Cz Sterling Silver Jewelry Fashion Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  This ring is perfect for anyone who wants an everyday "diamond" ring, but can't afford a real one. The CZ is gorgeous, clear, and sparkles like the real thing. It's not too big, which is perfect since a huge rock usually screams "I'm not real!". I've had several friends, all of whome are diamond snobs, look very closely at my ring and complement me on my choice of diamonds. The ring holds up nicely as well, and even though I've worn it pretty much every day for several months, it still sparkles like it was brand new. <end>  Very nice  This ring is the perfect tiny size. The band is thin and girly. I really like pugster and will buy from them again. The ring can totally pass as real, which is what I wanted. <end>
 B000BQ1VZ6  Pugster Heart Circle Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace Gifts For Women ||	  Beautiful-but outta stock  I really wanted this for my bridesmaids gifts, however they were outta stock, thanks anyways! <end>
 B000BQ6Z3E  Pugster Size 7 Triple Flower Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  Love this ring  This ring is exactly what I was looking for as far as style, size, color, etc...plus I think it's cute. I was most pleased that is has a solid, quality, feel to it. I was worried it would feel cheap and tinny. I've been wearing it daily since I got it, and it is very comfortable. Came nicely packaged too. <end>
 B000BQLEEO  Sterling Silver Pink Crystal Anklet 9 9.5 10 inch Ankle Bracelet Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Good quality for the price!!  i love this ankle braclet! it doesnt look cheap at all. Im usally very careful when buying jewlery online, but i figured for the price if i hated it, i could just return it. as always, amazon is always great with the shipping, so this came within the week! <end>  I would recommend this ankle bracelet!  Beautiful ankle bracelet! Very durable, I love the lobster clasp and how I can adjust the size easily. Fast delivery, great price! <end>
 B000BQO0O0  Ruby Red Gem Sexy Lips and Lipstick Belly Ring ||	  cute  the heart sits a little high up on your belly button, so when you lean over it can get stuck it there, im skinny (115) so its not like it gets caught in fat, but its ok. looks exactly like the picture, beautiful colors~ <end>
 B000BQO0R2  Pink White Turtle Belly Ring ||	  Good Buy  Very cute. Tarnished after a while, but it was cheap so I couldn't be mad. <end>
 B000BQYP3G  10 KT White Gold Comfort Fit 4mm Wide Wedding / Engagement Band Ring ||	  Great value  Nice ring for the money. My husband wanted a simple yet durable band and this fit the bill perfectly. <end>  love it  Well worth the money, beautiful ring. Would do business again with this company, very fast shipping. <end>
 B000BR9UGW  Falcon's eye necklace, 'Mystique' 0.4" W 20.5" L ||	  Beautiful Beyond Words  The package arrived beautifully wrapped in hand made paper with a note from the artist. I have comments on this necklace every time I wear it. I plan to order from Novica again. <end>
 B000BRCYJM  10 Karat Gold Nose Pin with Clear Gem End ||	  Smaller gauge than advertised  I compared this 20 gauge to my other 20 gauge studs and this one is more like a 22 gauge. It is quite a bit smaller in diameter. I was disappointed, to say the least, especially since I had already taken it out of the package when I compared them. They do not accept returns after the package is opened. I can not wear this so now it sits in my jewelry box.  ( It would also be nice if they offered different lengths because this 3/4" is just too short for me. If I were able to wear it I would have to bend it AFTER putting it in my nose and then unbend it to take it out. The quality of the nose stud & gem is great though. <end>  not what i was hoping for  the actual gem on the nose ring was nice looking, very shiny. however, I ordered a gold ring, and got one that was silver in color- the seller never got back to me about exchanging so I used it anyway. It fell out within a couple of days (even though I bent it pretty good inside my nose) and I wound up needing a new one. If you buy this, make sure you check it often because it will fall out!! <end>
 B000BRZR32  1 Carat Solitaire Baguette Sides CZ Engagement Ring ||	  Quite Adequate  This ring is quite adequate for the price. The side baguettes aren't EXACTLY identical in height, so that was a bit disappointing (but not enough so as to warrant returning the ring). I will keep this piece of jewelry, although I haven't decided whether or not I will use this particular dealer again in the future. <end>
 B000BS1PA0  3 carats Emerald Cut CZ Wedding Set ||	  a great disappointment  I was thrilled to see this design - finally something new and elegant. When the ring arrived, however, I saw that the stones themselves were cloudy and very poorly cut. The ring arrived quickly but was not up to my standards. I have other cz items and they put this to shame. The man I spoke to about returning them was very pleasant and (was it my imagination?) not surprised. <end>
 B000BSWB2G  Black Anodized Pink Jeweled Initial Belly Ring-Letter J ||	  Body Jewelry Belly Ring  Great price!! Fast shipping. My favorite site to buy body jewelry. <end>
 B000BSY4VW  Crystalline Dual Hearts Of Affection Dangle Belly Ring ||	  it broke  Well I really can't say much except for the fact that it broke after 2 weeks, so it was not worth buying. I am mad I wasted my money!!! Be aware <end>
 B000BSZAYC  Crystalline Gem REFINE SOLITAIRE Belly Ring ||	  Very elegent but sturdy belly ring.  The gem is very sparkly. It dangles a little lower than I had hoped, but overall is very pretty. <end>
 B000BSZB1Y  Pink Rose Double Gem Belly Ring ||	  Pretty, wish I could wear it.  This is a very pretty belly ring, but the one I received will not open. So I can not wear it. This is the second item from this seller that has not worked out for me. <end>  Fantastic  This belly ring was in perfect condition. It was identical to its description, and was worth every dollar i paid. I will most probably buy from this seller again, as this product was good. <end>  My new piercing!  I just got my belly button pierced, and I am now wearing this ring. It is very comfortable in the piercing, and looks very pretty. The only thing is, that the top ball is a little hard to open at first. <end>  Looks nice...  I liked how this one looked, but it irritated my piercing. Others do not. <end>
 B000BT1DAG  Passion Pink Jeweled Heart Dual Dangle Belly Ring ||	  So cute!  I bought this a while back, it's incredibly cute. Unfortunately, I'm going to have to buy another one because some of the jewels fell off, but I think that's because I showered with it on. Other than that, it's my favorite naval ring and it has a great price! <end>
 B000BT1DO2  Cubic Zirconia Brilliant Blue Dual Butterfly Belly Ring ||	  Cheaply Made  I only had it a week before one of the jewels fell out of the wing. The metal is already tarnishing too. Spend your money on a higher quality item. <end>
 B000BT1DU6  Crystalline Gem Rose Zipper Belly Ring ||	  Great! And too cute!  This is my favorite navel ring! It's real cute and I get comments about it whenever I go out to the beach or the pool. However since this is made out of cheap material the color has now faded off the zipper portion. But that took 2months of everyday wear for that to happen and at this price I don't feel like that was unreasonable. Would definitely recommend! <end>  Conversation starter  I really get attention from this belly button ring. Everyone questions the idea of it but always seem to smile, better then just your normal ball. <end>
 B000BTC8EG  Sterling Silver White CZ Cubic Zirconia Curved Journey of Life Pendant 18" Necklace ||	  HORSESHOE PENDANT  The necklace arrived very quickly and when it arrived it was in a lovely black pouch. It is a beautiful necklace and I am very impressed by the company. I would definatly use them again. <end>
 B000BTDJYE  Tourmaline Wellness Bracelet-Heart ||	  Seemed thrown together.  I bought this because I love tourmaline and it's healing properties. Unfortunately the beads seemed to be put together in no kind of asthetically pleasing order. In the picture the colors fade and blend beautifully. I understand that the stones will not be exactly like the picture, but they could've at least blended it a lot nicer. I was half tempted to take it apart and put it back together so it looked better, but for this price I shouldn't have to. Also, the one milagro I got with it was pretty cheap looking with metal sticking out where it shouldn't be. I was very disappointed. I sent it back for a refund. <end>
 B000BTK37K  Small 14k White Gold 3mm Perfect Fit Baby/Mens Ball Stud Earrings, Hypoallergenic ||	  Earrings  They were so much smaller than I thought they would be, but they were perfect for my daughter whom hates big goordie jewelry. Perfect size for babies. <end>  White gold earrings  LOVE the earrings. I have small earlobes and use these earrings in my second holes. They are just perfect. <end>  nice  The earrings were nice, they were good quality and looked good in my ears. I also liked that they weren't too big more my ears. <end>  Nice, But...  My husband bought these for me and I never took them out- they were for my 'second holes'. I loved them until I accidentally hooked my fingernail on one of them while washing my hair. The backing popped off and the earring went down the drain before I could retrieve it. It seems to me that for the price of these earrings the manufacturer could have made locking backings so they're not easily lost. <end>
 B000BU5JSC  1 Compartment Jewelry Organizer by Neatnix ||	  Neatnix Jewelry Storage Containers  I purchased many different variations of the neatnix jewelry storage containers. I had for many years been using a beautiful jewelry cabinet but found it was hard to see what I had, organize it and had given up really wearing much jewelry. I passed it on to my daughter in law and began using the neatnix containers. I love how easy it is to see everything laid out perfectly in the stack-able trays. I do wish the little covers snapped in for a more secure fit. I agree with another reviewer when she said it would be very easy for a tray to spill out all the contents if not careful. But I do love that my jewelry has dust and tarnish free storage. <end>
 B000BUE2S0  Green Color Jade Gemstone Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Great at first, but now I am dissapointed.  I liked it at first but after wearing it for about 5 times, it broke into pieces while i was removing it from my finger. The size was perfect and the color was great but now I am sad because I was only able to enjoy it for a few times. <end>  Breakable for sure!!!!!!!!!!!  I was so eager to purchase this ring - read the few comments which are usually a great help.. but not this time...When i got the ring i loved it - it was bigger than expected but attractive.. but then i wore it for the 2nd time for less than 2 hrs and just touched a handle and crakleeee it went - fell on the floor in like 5 pieces... i was sooo upset... you could well imagine...after all the trouble i went to getting this ring.... i did not even wear it daily... three times like i said for less than 4 hrs - in total... 7 hrs in 3 days.... it is a veryyyyyyyyyyyyy breakable item.. ok.. not sturdy at all.. only a ontime wear... <end>  beautiful jade  Love this green jade ring! The color is really pretty, with different veins of color. This will go well with my other jade jewelry - have looked a long time for a solid jade ring and you cannot beat the price for this. <end>  Ring  I absolutely love this ring. It is vibrant and colorful. I have received several compliments on it. The size I ordered perfectly fits the finger I wanted to wear it on. It also adds a nice pop of color to any outfit. Makes a great gift as well. <end>  Solid Jade Band Ring  Overall, I'm satisfied with this item. I would of liked one closer to the grass green color of that pictured on Amazon(mine is more the pale green that traditional Chinese drool over). That said, it fits 3 of my fingers, more substantial than the one I broke, and arrived in mail very fast, so I'm happy with it! <end>  8mm green jade ring  This ring is surprisingly sturdy and is worn daily. The color is rich and looks better than the picture advertised. But it.....you wont regret this purchase. <end>
 B000BUIE7K  Seer's Child - Mother Mermaid and Baby Sterling Silver Pendant 18" Necklace ||	  Great Gift for a new Mother  I bought this for one of my closest friends. She and I both loved "The Little Mermaid" movie when we were children, and she's always had a fondness for mermaids since then. I was looking for a gift in honor of her having her first child recently, and came across this pendant. It's very pretty, and I feel it's a great gift for anyone who likes mermaids and has a child. Great detail and it has a good size loop on the back to accommodate many sizes of chains. <end>  beautiful piece of jewelry  I bought this as a present to myself for the birth of our new (& first) baby girl. I will definitely cherish this piece for many years to come. <end>  Beautiful, mermaid a little smaller in size  Beautiful, mermaid a little smaller in size I will prefer a bigger size for the pendant but still nice! Very fast delivery. <end>  Awesome.  I'm so glad I found this item. It's just rite for my daughter. It's a quality item and very beautiful. It's gonna be a nice Christmas gift. <end>  beautiful  I bought this item for my daughter and she loves it. it is a very beautiful piece. this is a must buy item. <end>
 B000BUMWPK  10k Yellow Gold 18 Inch X 1.0 mm Box Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Very Nice  This is a very nice gold chain, great length and weight. The best part was that it arrived so quickly. <end>
 B000BUMWXC  14k White Octagonal 20 Inch X 1.1 mm Snake Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Snake chain  Everything about this Seller (Jewelery Web) and the Snake Chain I have purchased, is just great. I certainly would purchase from this Seller again and again. Many thanks to you. Regards Patricia Ryan <end>
 B000BUMX18  10k White Gold 22" 0.8mm Box Chain Necklace - Lobster-claw - JewelryWeb ||	  Strong and beautiful  The chain and clasp are very strong. It's also very shiny in person, I was surprised the quality was so good. <end>  22 Inch white gold chain....beautiful  Great value and look. If you need a necklace to hold your pretty pendant - this is it.Quick ship - packed nice and lovely. <end>  Necklace  the receiver was very pleased with her 10k White Gold 22" 0.8mm Box Chain Necklaceand she wears it everyday.thank you for the quick shipment and service.you really made a person very happy <end>  10k white gold 22 inch chain  I was very pleased with the quality and shine of this chain. It's very difficult to find a 22 inch 10k chain. love it and will purchase another one. <end>
 B000BUNV0A  Sterling Silver Mens Green Malachite Eagle Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Bye Bye Malachite  It is a lovely ring to look at, but the stone fell off after only a few days!  -( <end>  Very pleasing appearance.  Picture of item is exactly what I received. Nice quality, fair price. Size runs true. I would have rated it a 5, but the quality of the silver has a high copper content that discolors the finger. This can be a problem with lower grade sterling. <end>  Looks as advertised  I bemoaned losing a malachite ring over 15 years ago. After looking in Scottsdale Arizona, this online item was the nicest I found. The ring is attractive and big, which can sometimes become a problem when sticking your hand in your jeans pockets. No problem with the stone falling out yet (after 3 months). <end>
 B000BUOTWY  Genuine Amethyst, Garnet, & Peridot Stones Necklace- Clearance Final Sale ||	  Explicit lie in the product description  I wanted to make a chain of this necklace 2 inches longer because it didn't fit, so I went to a jeweler. And to my utmost surprise the jeweler said that the metal of the chain isn't silver. I went to 2 other jewelers and they all said the same thing. So be careful, it may look great, but it isn't really what they say it is. Besides that it arrived almost 2 months later after their shipping estimate. Due to my location (Ukraine) it isn't so easy to send it back, and I can't even explain how angry and disappointed I am. <end>
 B000BUPVAS  10k Yellow Gold 10" 2.2mm Mariner Link Anklet - Lobster-claw - JewelryWeb ||	  Not Happy  i was not happy with my purchase.it is nothing like the picture.the links were so small i had to get a magnifying glass to see them.and is very thin.. i am scared to were it.and i don't...very unhappy. <end>  Not what I expected  Way too thin and fragile and too long. I'll be returning if I can. I guess buying jewelry without actually touching is not a good idea! <end>  Wife loves her birthday present!  Just the right with and length for her! The gift box was nice so I didn't have to wrap it again. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a true anklet, not a bracelet to fit your ankle. <end>  gold bracelet  the bracelet was received quite quick and in as described i was very happy with product . i would use this sight again . <end>  Great Gift to myself  This is perfect and fits my needs wonderfuly. I was looking for one for a long time and I saw this at the right moment and just bought it <end>
 B000BUPVNA  10k Yellow Gold 18 Inch X 1.5 mm Singapore Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  pretty good for the price  it was ALOT smaller than i was expecting even though i knew the diameter of the necklace. its very delicate but very nice. it glitters in the light. overall i am very pleased and would recommend it to someone who is looking for a small simple gift or a very simple piece of jewelry to wear. <end>
 B000BUQA2G  Clear AB Cube Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.25" Long Dangle Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  As pretty as shown!  These are very pretty earrings that catch the light and sparkle. <end>  Nice  Very pretty and sparkly. Gave it as a gift and recipient loves it! am thinking of getting a pair for myself. <end>  Love the light refections  I an very pleased with the earrings, I put them on as soon as I got them, already receiving compiments from co-workers. <end>  So pretty!  I get so many compliments on these earrings. They're lightweight and they're so pretty! I wear them all the time. <end>  Love it !  The shipping was fast. The dangles look better than on the picture. I love how the crystals catch the light.  D Thank you. I'll buy again. <end>  Very Pretty, Perfect for Dress Up or Down  These earrings are very comfortable to wear. They are light weight and I love leverbacks; they are secure and no pinching. When they reflect light the colors are brilliant and eye-catching. I definitely recommend these earrings. The price was perfect and shipping was fast. <end>  beautiful earrings  This is a very beautiful set of earrings, they go with everything. I wear them alsmot every day and I'm satisfied. Get lots of compliments on them. <end>  lovely earring  like the earring, it's pretty and sparking enough. But the packing box was squashed when arrived. <end>  Cute and Sweet earrings!  I just received these earrings last week and as soon as I saw them I instantley fell in love with them. They are very well made ( love the lever backs ) Great Quality piece of jewlery. I wear them every day because they conform to and match everything I wear, including jeans!!I recommend these 100%, no doubt. <end>  Cutest earrings  Great quality and more beautiful than in the picture. I also bought a bracelet and anklet. I would recommend Gem Avenue to all of my friends. <end>  Awesome!  These earrings are even more beautiful than pictured. Lots of sparkle and strong leverbacks. Gem Avenue is really a "gem" to do business with and one of my most favorite sellers. I love these earrings! You can dress them up or wear with bluejeans. Amazing quality for the price. <end>
 B000BUU1YE  Sterling Silver Black Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  gift purchase  bought these earings as a gift for my sister-in-law, came just as described and very pretty!! <end>  excellent value  Very pretty earrings and an excellent value. My wife loves them - which is all that really matters- because they are light and very simple. Elegant but not overstated. <end>
 B000BUWDY0  Sterling Silver Russian Wedding Ring with CZ Band ||	  Sterling Silver Russian Wedding Ring with CZ Band  I love this ring. It's a little chunky, so it took me some getting used to. (I'm not usually a ring wearer though.) It's very unique and gives me a little sparkle. I haven't had it long, but like I said, it's chunky; it seems pretty thick and strong. I did have to send it back once to get a smaller size, though. <end>  CZ Trinity Ring  I LOVE this ring! I wear it almost every day and it matches with everything! I have had it for almost a year and it's still just as shiney as the day i received it in the mail. Which by the way- was so quickly. LOVE IT! <end>  Disgusted  I picked this out for a 1 year anniversary present. I thought it was absolutely stunning, even when I got it. I got it on June 25th, 2009, and now, November 7th, 2009, it looks like absolute garbage. It isn't shiny anymore, it's cheap, it bends, and it just looks horrible. I really wish I could get my money back, or at least pick out another ring. <end>  Great-Seller...Great Product  I ordered this ring right before the last week of Christmas knowing that it wouldn't get here before Christmas Day. Then to my surprise, it arrived Christmas Eve. Thanks to the unexpected excellent customer service, I was able to see the smile on my wife's face as she opened her gift on Christmas Day. Thanks again. <end>  Pretty ring  I bought this ring for myself as an "everyday" sort of ring. It's pretty and unique but I do not wear it everyday as intended because for some reason the rolling design distracts me a bit. Nicely made and pretty to look at though. <end>  Dissapointed  The ring did not fit.Ordered a size 6 but got a size 9. Eventhough they resent the item even that was the sameThough I had planned to order many more items am not confident now <end>
 B000BV6DTU  Black Synthetic Faux Silk Rope Cord 17" Necklace ||	  17" black braided silk cord necklace  Nice quality. It is a shame that they do not have the same in longer cords as well. <end>  Great Replacement Necklace  My girlfriend got me something that came with a cheap plastic necklace. I got this to replace the plastic one and it works beautifully so far. It is holding up really well in the two or so months that I've been wearing it. I don't take it off and it goes in the shower with me and I'm very pleased. It just snuggly fit through the ~3mm opening in the cross that the rubber necklace was for. <end>
 B000BVNCFI  Pugster Heart Gift Mother Beads Murano Glass Bracelet ||	  To avoid confusion...  Please note that this seller and any item entitled "Mother Beads" is not in any way associated with Mother Beads, Inc. and does not contain lampwork beads made by Mother Beads, Inc. <end>
 B000BVNT5Q  Sterling Silver Medieval Moonstone Poison Ring Size 5(Size 5,6,7,8) ||	  Cute but it turned yellow.  I like that it's big and looks mysterious almost. It isn't uncomfortable to wear even with its size. I just didn't like that it turned yellow after a month or so. I tried using silver cleaner but it didn't help that much. After a while the yello started to look more tarnished and ended up looking like rust even though it wasn't. <end>  Love this ring!!  I was looking for a ring large enough to hold my medication,(one capsule that I have to take in the afternoon), but yet not a ring that looked so bulky and huge. Plus, I just couldn't buy a ring that costs a fortune. This ring looked so pretty in the picture and in real life it is even better. Since I have it, I don't forget to take my meds. any more. Plus I get ALOT of comments on it. Every one thinks it's so cool. I'm really, really pleased. Good price, great quality and very pretty! <end>
 B000BVP5FI  Pugster Trumpet With Green And Yellow Rhinestone Crystal Brooches & Pins ||	  Pugster products are wonderful  Pugster's brooches are simply wonderful. They appear very cute than in the picture. Happy to purchase these from them. <end>
 B000BVP5RQ  Pugster Pig In Bikini Spring Fashion Jewelry Italian Charm ||	  LOVE this charm  this charm is so cute it makes you smile every time you look at it. the details are very well defined for the size of the charm. i would recommend this to everyone. shipping was fast, i received it within 3 days of the placing the order. comes with it's own little jewelry box too. <end>
 B000BVPCRY  Pugster Tiger Cat Animal Photo Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Tigger tails  Bought the tigger charm for my wife a huge Tigger fan. Had issues with the yail of tigger getting bent since it sticks off the charm. Gets caught on stuff all the time. Had to send back to get a replacement and same thing on this one also. Ends up she just don't wear this charm in worries it will get wrecked. <end>
 B000BVQCM8  Pugster Size7 Round Cz Polished Band Sterling Silver Gift Jewelry Fashion Ring ||	  doesnt look like picture  the ring in the picture looked beautiful, I couldn't wait to get it. Now it has arrived and looks like a knock off version of the picture, its a very cheap CHEAPPP ring and it is discolored if I tried to explain what it looks like I'd say it looks like its on the verge of rusting/ has sun damage, I hate it. I guess you get what you pay for, but I am very disappointed that it looks nothing like the picture because that IS what I was expecting. Save your 8 bucks for something else. <end>
 B000BVXWTE  14G 3/8" Red Rose Curved Barbell ||	  Dangerous to wearer  I still think it is adorable and that is why I bought it, but I put it in and it was extremely sharp on the rose petals. By the next day, It had cut into my skin and every time that I sat down it caused great pain. By the time I went to take it out two days later the red on the rose had begun to fade and was staining my skin. Overall, not a good experience. <end>
 B000BVZCOM  6G 1/2" 316L Steel Side Notched Captive Ring ||	  Nice Styling  I have not yet worn these, but I love the styling of them. I am healing the stretching with a smoother pair of rings. Once I have healed, I plan to insert these. <end>  OBVIOUS DESIGN FLAW  I am currently writing this review with an ice pack on my ear because of the major hand tools it takes to put this earring in. The ball that clasps on to the bottom of the earring is IMPOSSIBLE to put in when the earring is in your ear. I learned an important lesson today and will not be purchasing any product with this design again. <end>
 B000BW0ZJI  14G 3/8" Yellow/Orange UV Hellfire Curved Barbell ||	  very bright  i really do love the colors, the "spikes" are not scratchy even though it's silicone. the only thing i didn't like was that both ends are the same size which i didn't realize (my fault 100%) so it does show if you're wearing a tight shirt. i would still buy it because its so cute! <end>
 B000BW0ZL6  14G 1/2" 316L Steel Tapered Captive Ring ||	  Review  I was pleased with the time of arrival with the product and it indeed was what I was looking for. <end>
 B000BW283E  Light Oak Finish Jewelry Chest ||	  Nice Armoire  Very sturday and easy to put together. My wife loves it and there is more than enough room for everything. Only complaint is a nic in the wood, luckilly it is in a hidden area and not a big deal. <end>  Disappointed  Color looks different, but the worst are the drawers. The four bottom drawers are really two deep drawers. Was not advertised properly! Very disappointed, especially since I bought it as a gift for my daughter! Would not recommend! <end>  great value  Bought this as a gift for my bride. She was very happy with it. Some assembly required. Extremely pleased with this product. <end>  Solid. Looks great.  Detail is great. Very well crafted. Packaged extremely well. Great price! $200 less than local furniture store. Only negative is it's imported like almost everything now. <end>
 B000BW3F7W  14G 3/8" Flower Gem Guitar Curved Barbell ||	  belly buttons jewels  I purchased this item for my daughter for her naval.She plays many instuments and liked the guitar. I only wish it came with a choice of color for the crytals but she liked it as is and that's what counts <end>
 B000BW3FCM  6G 5/8" 316L Steel Bottom Notched Captive Ring ||	  6 gauge notched captive ring  I was not pleased with this item. The main reason was the gauge differed from one spot to the next on the section that sits in your ear. I ordered them because I liked the look but ended up I couldn't use them because they would always move to the smallest gauge and my piercing would close to that size. <end>
 B000BWBWL8  Titanium Ball Closure Ring in Polished with Hematite Bead 16 gauge by 7/16" ||	  Exactly what I ordered  Everything was clearly detailed and easy to understand, and as such I got exactly what I wanted with no problems whatsoever. The BCR's I ordered were exactly the size, material and color I was looking for and arrived in short time. There was no way to know if they had been autoclaved before shipping, however, so I took them to my piercing/tattoo artist and had them do it for me just to be safe. (there was no mention of this in the ordering process, it's just advice I've gotten from others with more experience in piercing).I would definitely give this Amazon shopping experience a thumbs up! <end>  16 gauge titanium CBR  Beautiful piece of jewelry, I never take it out... except for job interviews  ) I've had issues before with jewelry claiming to be titanium but ending up causing allergic reactions, but this is perfect. <end>
 B000BWO9RC  Ozzy Osbourne - Jewelry CD Case ||	  Ozzy Osbourne CD Case  I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend. He owns every Ozzy Osbourne CD and every Black Sabbath CD that Ozzy did vocals for. He likes to keep them seperate from the rest of his CD collection so he knows where they are all at. He had been storing them in a plain old black 32 slot cd case and when I saw this I thought it would be the perfect gift. He loved it and it's a great way to store your Ozzy collection. <end>
 B000BX0GLO  Recycled Ghana Glass Earrings - Amber and Green ||	  Creativity and beauty with responsibility  I ordered 2 pair (Amber/Green and Water) to give as Christmas gifts. I was very pleased - one - to find such lovely choices online, and - two- to be able to give gifts of recycled products that represent my own commitments and introduce this responsibility for promoting creativity and responsibility to my friends.On the earrings themselves - the glass pieces have that wonderful smooth and frosted look, the colors are subtle, and the overall product is light and natural. <end>
 B000BX0GN2  Black Recycled Glass and Colorful Bead Dangle Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  This were a gift for my niece and she loves them. They look great on her and with everything she wears them with. He eyes are blue and they pick up the color just right. Love them! <end>
 B000BX1DXO  Glow in the Dark - LifeSaver - Tongue Ring - Blue ||	  It is Okay.  I really liked this tongue ring. I was hoping that it would be more "glow in the dark" than it is but it is still pretty. I do not wear it with the lifesaver on it because the bar is not long enough and I feel like it is squished on my tongue. <end>
 B000BX61LS  Recycled Ghana Glass Earrings - Blue ||	  Ghana Glass Earrings  I just love my earrings. I get more compliments on them. The color is amazing. They go with so many things that I wear. They're beautiful!The fact that the glass is recycled is an added bonus. <end>
 B000BX6DKW  Solid Sterling Silver 15mm Wedding Band Ring Size 7.5(Size 6.5,8,10) ||	  LIES! LIES! ALL LIES!  This ring is NOT solid silver. I took it to the jewelers to get sized for my husband. The guy couldnt't do it, because its hollow inside. I ordered a size 10, and they sent me a size 9. just avoid this seller if you can. <end>  Watch gram weight  I bought this ring and returned this item, watch the gram weight on items from this seller, they don't describe items other than by weight. This ring is hollow and not true to size. The seller was a little hard to contact, but once I told them I was returning the ring my account was credited quickly. <end>  Hollow  If you are looking for something strong and solid please do not buy this ring,it does not feel like "Solid" Sterling Silver, it feels hollow and very light. After wearing it for one week, I just dropped it somewhere... <end>  Was pretty when it arrived . . .  I must preface this review by saying that I have bought several other things from this seller (Silver Insanity) and have been very well satisfied with their quality. This ring, however . . . I liked it when it arrived. It was very pretty and shiny and it was a good weight for me--not too heavy and not too light. Just what I was looking for (I thought). After a few weeks of wear, however, it not only became scratched, which I fully expected as I lead a somewhat active life, but it also became dented, which I did not. From the reviews I read prior to purchasing this ring, I knew it was hollow. That was fine with me because I knew that if a ring of this width was solid, it would be too heavy for me to wear and be able to do what I need to do. However, I did not think the metal would be so thin that it would dent with each and every knock. I was wrong. I kept this ring and did not complain to the seller as it was entirely my own fault for not exercising common sense when buying it. Being hollow, there is no way to know how thick the outer or inner layers are and I failed to consider that when deciding whether or not to buy it. I will not shun Silver Insanity due to this one piece of shoddy merchandise. If there is another item that they offer which I like and want, I will not hesitate to buy from them. <end>  DENTS LIKE IT'S TIN....  This ring dented all the way around within a few days. It is so bad I Don't even wear it. It was a waste of money. <end>
 B000BX8B16  Sterling Silver Egyptian Ankh Symbol Cross Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  very nice ring  I ordered this ring, and I am very happy with my purchase. The oval and encircled Ankh look like they were hand made. They are not perfect, but have that made by hand look. The ring tends to run about a half size larger than the stated size I ordered. But overall I'm happy with my purchase. <end>  Good Ring  It is a good ring for a good price. I have had it for about a year now and it hasn't had any faults. <end>  cheap jewelry that breaks  It is a cheap piece of jewelry that broke on the shank in the first week I had it. I will never buy from this vendor again. <end>  Great Ring  I love this ring. I ahve had it for over a week now. I did not buy it from this vendor, although I do know that this vendor has great products. I have bought from them in the past and still wear those rings to this day. Anyhow, I recommend this ring. I had no problems with it whatsoever, and it has a good bit of weight to it. The band part is quite thick. <end>  Great Seller  This was the second time I purchased ankh rings from this sellar. This is a great price for a great product. It was also delivered very quickly! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great pointer finger ring, and came in on time! looks to hold up for a long time. its nice and shiny and sturdy. well crafted. doesnt turn my finger green or anything!(considering its made from sterling silver, so it shouldnt.) money well spent! <end>  Simply lovely!  A lovely ring, well made. Sturdy, so it will last. Very classic look, nothing to break or fall off, etc. Truly pleasing.A wonderful symbol of Life, Love and the Gnostic Path of Wisdom. I will wear mine for decades to come! <end>  Great Price for a Great Ring!  I ordered this ring; looking for a nice pointer finger ring, and I'm very happy with my choice. The ring came when it was suppose to be delivered and wasn't damaged which is always a good thing. The ring itself is nicely polished and the right sizing for a nice ring. It doesn't turn my finger green or doesn't show any discoloring in the ring itself. The pricing was great for an great ring that I wear daily. <end>  Beautiful  I love my ring! And I recieved it in just a few days! I recieve compliments on my ring all the time. I havent taken my ring off once since I have recieved it, which has been about a week now. I recommend anyone who enjoys egyptian jewelry to order this ring. <end>
 B000BXKDH6  PalmBeach Jewelry Crystal Goldtone Metal Owl Pin ||	  Beautiful  My husband bought this for me for Christmas. I am a huge fan of owls. This was absolutely gorgeous! Although it just sits on my shelf, I love walking past it and seeing it still shine. <end>  cool!!  Very beautiful and elegant item for winter! This gold color broach was perfectly matched with my red sweater for Christmas. I really like it, and everyone asks me "where did you get this??" Happy item! ^^ <end>  Beautiful  I received this as Birthday gift from my daughter. It is a beautiful piece. It is just the right size. Love it! <end>  Crystal Owl Pin  We loved the look of this pin. However we expected a larger pin. The recipient of the gift was delighted. <end>  Beautiful!  This owl pin was beautiful and was just as described. Shipping was very fast. Great transaction! <end>  Terrible!  I would not recommend buying anything from Palm Beach Jewelry. This broach arrived without the pin on the back! (i.e., hard to pin it on the lapel of a business suit without a pin on the back!). It was also scratched! I was very unimpressed with Palm Beach Jewelry's customer service and I had to send the broach back. I still don't know if my Amazon account has been credited. What a pain! <end>  Beautiful!  This piece is so beautiful. Very sparkly and nice detail--you have to see it in person to appreciate. So glad I ordered. My aunt collects owls and I know she is going to love this. <end>  looks like painted plastic  While I love the picture of what might be a real metal prototype,mine looks like painted plastic. The stones of mineare navy, which might be more versatile, but the bluestones in the picture looked more like a teal or ocean blue.I think I paid too much money for this and cannot recommend it. <end>  Very disappointed. The quality is very bad.  The quality of the item is really awful. I'm very disappointed with this purchase and I'm going to return it.The broach has an uneven edges and looks very cheap. Also my sample has a scratch in the middle.I'm surprised that the broach has so good reviews. Don't buy it! <end>  Beautiful  I recieved my owl pin in the mail today, didnt know what to expect with the mixed reviews. Its just classic and lovely. No flaws, no damage. Perfect. The owl is a good shape, the blue accents are just the right deep blue shade and all match in color. I highly reccomend <end>  Owl Pin  Had to return the first one and Palm Beach Jewelry sent a replacement right away. Very happy with the item. <end>  A great deal  My girlfriend purchased this item as a birthday gift. It was a little smaller than what I was expecting, but she thought it was just fine. It came undamaged and with a free gift, which was a surprising and pleasant bonus. The item was delivered on time, actually a day or two before we thought it would arrive. The price was definitely reasonable for what was purchased. A catalog of the company's other products was also included in the package. I think if we needed a similar item to this, we would look to this retailer again. <end>  owl pin  Well packaged, arrived undamaged within a week of ordering even during Christmas season. Very satisfied. <end>  Great piece!  This is a great piece of jewelry for the owl lover. I bought it as a gift for someone, and it looks great in person. <end>  Just as pretty as the picture  The Pin is just as pretty as the picture. Delivery was prompt. I am one happy camper. Now, let's hope my niece likes it. <end>
 B000BYB0JK  West Coast Choppers - White Cross Button ||	  Really cheap item...  The picture promoting this pin looks ten times better than the real thing. Really poor, cheap looking tin metal pin. It even came all scratched regardless it was shipped in a bubble envelope. Not even worth the 1.50 I payed for it much less the extra bucks for the shipping. <end>
 B000BYCM74  Sterling Silver Black Mother of Pearl Heart Necklace ||	  Beautiful Piece Of Jewelry!  For the price, this is an awsome piece of jewelry. The black mother of pearl heart is gorgeous! This was definitely a good deal! You can't go wrong in buying this necklace. <end>  You get what you pay for...  The chain is pretty cheap and only a simple round ring holds the heart on the chain. The heart is smaller than I thought it would be (my fault for not really paying attention to the details).I may put it on a nicer chain or even on a charm bracelet given it's size. The Mother-of-Pearl material is very pretty so I won't be wasting this purchase. <end>
 B000BZ68NW  14kt White Gold Butterfly Pink Sapphire and Diamond Earrings ||	  diamond and pink sapphire earrings  I received these lovely earrings for Valentines day. They were smaller than we thought, petite and tiny. Colored a light pink with sparkling diamonds. <end>
 B000BZ77L4  Sterling Silver Southwestern Blanket-Pattern Hoop Earrings ||	  Retro Style  I bought these earrings because they reminded me of a pair of gold hoops with similar stampings that my mother had. Mom passed away March 1st and in going through her things, my sister and I did not find the earrings I remembered so when I saw these, I had to get them! Very nice pattern, well-made, lots of silver. <end>
 B000C09CL6  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band Ring Size 8(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Stylish ring  I purchased this ring well over a year ago and just forgot to give it a review. It's a spectacular looking ring and it seems to be holding up pretty well. <end>
 B000C0JP4A  Authentic Pretty Diamond cut Women's Black Hills Gold Two leaf ring ||	  just amazing and beautiful  I own one and it is beautiful... high quality, fast shipping and absolutely worth every penny. <end>
 B000C0L6ZQ  14kt Yellow Gold Starfish Charm Pendant ||	  Gold Starfish Pendant  I'm delighted with my pendant - it's exactly what I was looking for. The size, cut, and weight is perfect! Delivery was prompt and the price was very reasonable. I wouldn't hesitate to shop with Jewelry Days via Amazon again. <end>
 B000C0MIPS  14kt Yellow Gold Floral Heart Photo Locket Charm Pendant ||	  Heart Shaped Locket  My wife was very happy with her locket. The description is slightly misleading and contradicts itself between the upper and lower description panels. This locket holds four photos instead of two. I am not sure how to insert the middle two photos yet but I haven't spent any time trying either. I looked at several hundred lockets on line and am very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B000C17T06  30" to 34" Rust Colored Satin Cord Necklace with Sterling Clasp ||	  a good cord for a medal  I bought this cord as a subsitute for a gold chain. It works very well, is comfortable, and doesn't pinch the skin.Perfect for the purpose. <end>
 B000C1UDFE  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet ||	  sterling silver charm bracelet  This bracelet is for a person with a small wrist. The person for whom I purchased it has no problem with it, but I can see where others might. <end>  Perfect for my Grandchild, she loves it!  This little bracelet is much more substantial than it looks! Nice big, (but not to big), links, strong, but still perfect for a pre-teen girl! This is one of those items that look better in person, than it does in the picture! Very pretty, and it looks very sweet on her! The best thing is that she LOVES it, and thats all that really matters! <end>  Excellent Sterling Silver Bracelet  I bought this bracelet so I could make a charm bracelet for a friend and it was perfect- the links are just the right size and it is very sturdy. The clasp might be a little difficult for somebody to put on themselves, but I suppose that is always the case. Recommend this product. <end>  charm bracelet  I really do like this bracelet, but I gave it on four stars because it is a little difficult to clasp it. <end>  FILAGRO STERLING SILVER BRACELET  nice sterling silver bracelet for a kid. the bracelet runs small and is vey light, will be returning my 2. <end>  Sterling bracelet  I was very pleased that the bracelet was exactly what was represented to me, and the ease of the purchase... <end>  for my daughter  I was adaquately pleased with this item for my daughter. I am hoping to add many charms for her over the next years. <end>
 B000C239IQ  EARRING DISPLAY / HOLDER (BLACK METAL) - HARP SHAPE ~ HOLDS OVER 125 PAIRS (jw) ||	  A Great Solution  What I love about this earring holder is how weighted and balanced it is. You can select and replace earrings without having to hold it up with your "third hand". It makes a beautiful display. <end>  Very Nice Ear Ring Stand!  I got this ear ring stand for my wife. I had troubles finding one for her, per a request for a special gift. I found used racks online that were cheesy and too childish. This is a nice metal rack, with plenty of spacing between ear rings, and it is sturdy, yet holds delicate jewelry easily. My wife loved the simple and basic feel, and it matches well against almost any decor. One piece construction, medium holes, easy to put ear rings through! Great gift idea or nice retro idea for ear ring storage in plain easy to get at location. <end>  All of my earrings at my fingertips  I love it. It was large enough to accomidate all of my earrings, looks really great on my dresser, and even still has room for those extra "Sparklys" that are bound to follow me home from the store from time to time. <end>  Pierced Earring Holder  THIS IS THE BEST!!!!! FINALLY, A PLACE TO KEEP ALL MY EARRINGS ORGANIZED!!!! <end>  Holds Plenty and Looks Great  I bought this as a gift for a friend after overhearing her tell someone that she doesn't wear all of her earrings because it's too hard to find the pairs. The next time I visited she wanted to show me the stand with her earrings in it. I was amazed at how many pairs it held and thought it looked very pretty sitting on her dresser. I got the black one. It's sturdy and looks really nice. She's really thrilled with this item... I'm thinking that I want to buy one for myself! <end>  Nice way to display earrings  My wife makes bead earrings and was looking for a way to display her work. She is very happy with this earring display. It is sturdy and looks very nice. <end>  Great  Absolutely great for organizing earrings. You can hang some bracelets and necklaces too. Very stable. <end>  solid and convenient  Earrings show prettily on this attractive display. Earrings can be easily removed with one hand without knocking the display over. Good for either home or a business. Worth the money. <end>  Great product  I was very pleased with the earring holder. It holds more than I thought it would. Nicely made and sturdy, holds all lengths of earrings. Terrific product and very fast shipping. <end>  awesome  This really does hold a lot of earings. I like it because you can really store dangling earings without having too many issues. It looks very classy, and doesn't feel cheap. <end>  Earrings Galore  This is a nicely made product but much larger than I expected -- to large for me... but is great if you have loads of ear rings! <end>  very nice  bought for a gift for my sister - looks great - I think she'll really like it <end>  goes well in pink  just like the review i gave on the necklace holder. ditto for the earring display rack. <end>  Ms.  Like it. Arrived in good shape. I more of the type to throw my earrings in a bowl. But the product is a good product. <end>  Earring Display /Holder  I love this holder---it was a great purchase for me. Now I can find all of my earrings all of the time. Excellent transaction! <end>  Finally!  I wear clip-on earrings and it's been a real problem trying to organize them (unless I wanted to put them in flat trays that take up lots of room) - this e/r display holder has been fabulous! Now I can keep the clutter off the top of my dresser and see everything I've got (well almost, I think I need to get another one) at the same time -- I love it!!! <end>  Beautiful and practical  This item is classy, practical and beautiful. All of my earrings fit and I will even be able to buy more!!! <end>  Earring holder  The earring holder works great and it is so nice to have earring all in order and easy to find. <end>  the perfect gift  I ordered this as a gift for my mom for Christmas, and she loved it. It is extremely functional, while a very good price. You can't find anything like it elsewhere, and I have found no earring holder (that's not plastic) for near this price. <end>  Great product  I bought this item for my daughter as a gift. It arrived within a couple of days; great service from the company. It is very good quality, a very attractive design, and looks great on a dresser with all the earrings displayed. I want one now! As does my other daughter. Great purchase. This item would be extremely attractive for a retail display as well. It's eye-catching and provides great organization for a large number of earrings. <end>  worth every penny  This is the best earing rack on the market. Love it. <end>  Earring Holder  I wanted to find something that would keep my earrings from tangling, and keep them easy to find. The display is attractive, you can always see your earrings, and they don't get tangled with each other. <end>  Low on Holes but Decorative  It's a lot bigger than I expected (in terms of dimensions) but that's okay because it's so decorative. I'm not sure why it says it can hold 125 pairs though because there aren't 250 holes, unless you're meant to put both earrings of a pair through one hole? I've got about 30-35 pairs in there, with some holes in b/w for space so it works for me but if you're expecting to actually put 250 individual earrings in there, I don't think it's going to work. <end>  Amazing Pretty Organizer  A must have for jewelery organization and it looks pretty to have all your stuff on display <end>  Just what I was looking for  I'd been looking for a while for an easy-to-use earring tree that held both post-type and wire-type earrings. I wanted it to be strong & not tip over on my dresser, yet not too utilitarian to be ugly. This product is exactly what I wanted! <end>  Exceptional earring display rack!  I ordered one of these to display earrings for a craft show, and I'm so pleased with it that I'm ordering two more! Classy, effective way to display earrings for sale! <end>  love it!!  I have a lot of earrings and they get lost easily, so this was the perfect solution. Also, it is an incentive to buy MORE earrings!! <end>  Earring Display/Holder - Black  THe product came quickly and was packaged really well. It was exactly like described and we are very happy with it. I would definately recommend the company and will purchase future items from the company. I was very pleased. <end>  Great Earring Holder  I wear lots of smaller size earrings. This holder is large enough to hold about 70 pair of small to medium-size earrings, as well as those that dangle if they aren't longer than an inch or so. It's very classy black metal - nicely made. I'm glad I bought two so I have one for a gift for my sister for Christmas! <end>  Great earring tree  I could not find earring trees anywhere in several different department stores so I check online and found this one. I loved the ease of ordering and the timely in which I received it. I was in great condition when I received it and when I fill it I will probably order another one. <end>  Perfect  My girls are always losing their earrings. This holder is perfect to hold their earrings and it fits a lot of them. I thought I was supposed to get a free pair of earrings with the purchase and did not, so maybe I'm confusing this one with another one I looked at. All in all, very happy with the purchase. <end>  Who would ever want a jewelry box?  Excellent for organizing all of your earrings. I hate scrambling through a pile of earrings to find two of a kind. Now you can see every pair of earring you own and it looks really sharp too. (Warning, it is fairly large so don't expect it to look insignificant on your dresser). Now if only they had also included a section for hanging necklaces/bracelets and you have the perfect jewelry organizer! <end>  Almost perfect, except for those long earrings  I purchased this item about a year ago and love it. It's got style, has a nice weight behind it, and holds many pairs of earrings. The only issue I have is that my long, dangly earrings definitely don't have enough room to hang here, nor do the big hoops. If you're a hoop person, consider finding an earring holder that has a bit more space between the different levels, which are about 1.25 - 1.5 inches apart.One other thing I noticed is that several of the bars have an odd number of holes in them. It's more of an A-type thing than anything else, but those extra holes go to waste for me because I don't want to hang one earring on one bar and the other earring a rung down. <end>  Nice  It's a very nice piece, although it was bigger than I expected. It's about a foot tall, and will definitely hold plenty of earrings. I needed an item like this, because my earrings end up in a pile and tangled. This is good to hold all types, hoops, studs, and dangly earrings. <end>  Love it!  This product is just what I needed! Perfect. Helped me to organize my jewelery and keep it all out at a glance so that I'm not digging in drawers. So glad I bought it, you should too! <end>  Earring Display Rack  I ordered this earring display rack for my daughter as a way to keep track of her earrings. It is exactly what she was looking for, an attractive way to display her earrings that wasn't "cutsie". It really holds lots of earrings, and now she is hoping to fill it up with new ones! Thanks! <end>  5 Gold Stars  This is well worth the purchase. Strong and sturdy with an elegant appearance. No complaintsFast shipping prompt servce <end>  Earring Display / Holder Black  Very pleased with product. I bought two as intended gifts, but then decided to keep one for myself. Now since all of my earrings are displayed, I have rediscovered several old pairs. Also, I have received several comments from friends on the holder. I am sure I'll be purchasing at least two more of this item. <end>  ear rings  This product is great. It came in great shape and my daughters face was a classic when she opened this for Christmas. She had no idea what it was!! She wanted an ear ring holder for a long time and the ones in stores were small and cheap. This even matched her room. I would recamend this product. <end>  Earring Holder  Wow This is great! Comes in 2 colors-both are nice. Great way to keep track of earrings and easy to select what to wear without digging thru a jewelry box. <end>  Great!  My 10 Year old neice loves it!! Great value, and great deal. Quick Shipping <end>  Thumbs up for Serenity Crystals earring display  I bought this earring display product for my 11 year old daughter. It is lovely; made well; very sturdy. It's a good way to organize and display your inventory of earrings easily. <end>  Very pleased  I bought this earring holder for my sister-in-law and she loves it! It is perfect for her earrings and she doesn't have to search for matches anymore. It is also attractive to have out on the counter. <end>  earring stand  I love this earring holder! I know it must be for a store that sells jewelry instead of a private owner but I think it is perfect. I can always see all my earrings; colors, styles, when I'm missing one. Anyone who is tired of shuffling through their earrings in the mornings or who says, "Oh, I forgot about those!" should get one. <end>  earring holder  The company was fast and the item came in perfect shape and it's in use right now. just what i wanted and very good price. <end>  if only it didn't arrive broken  I really like this product. But I was unimpressed when I opened the box to find the stand broken off from the holder. The item is currently being fixed by a friend, So I have not gotten to use it yet. However, I do recommend the item. <end>  My earrings are organized!  I love this earring holder. It shipped quickly, it's of good quality - just what I expected - and I love it. <end>  WONDERFULL  I'm very happy with this product I have all my earings on it with room to spare! <end>  Great, easy to use product  This is a great looking product that holds over a hundred earrings. Very easy to use and is good looking to. I worried that it might not be well balanced but there is no problem. Highly recommended. <end>  Perfect  Guys - The girls LOVE it. I read the other reviews, mostly from women. I bought one for my wife and daughter. Big hit. It is sturdy, well built, just the right size, and hold lots of earrings. Worth more than the price. If you wish to be lauded for getting something right that WE know nothing about - this is it. <end>  I didn't think that it was possible......  to hold every pair of earrings that I own; but with this stand it is. This stand is sturdy, and versatile, you can hang earrings of various sizes and shapes on it and have plenty of room to spare. I like being able to see at a glance exactly what I'm working with when getting ready to go out; no more rummaging through a jewelry box. I highly recommend this product. <end>  Sturdy Earring Holder...I like it!!!  I thought I had a couple pairs of pierced earrings. Now that I purchased this nifty earring hanger, I can placed all pairs, 30 so far in one place. I will be buying the hanger for necklaces and bracelets and another 2 more earring holders for my nieces. <end>  GREAT earring tree  This is a well-designed and beautiful earring tree. It is classic and sturdy and looks great on a dresser. <end>  Great gift  I bought this first in silver for my mother-in-law who is never without a pair of earrings on. Now I've bought this one in black for my 13 year old niece for her birthday. It's a great gift for any age woman who loves earrings. No more digging through the drawer in the jewelry box to find the matching earring. I will have to order one for myself! <end>
 B000C2YE4O  Genuine Gold Colored Freshwater Pearl, Turquoise, Rose Quartz, and Shell Necklace with Bracelet and Leverback Earrings Gift Boxed Set ||	  Beautiful jewelry set  The necklace, bracelet and earring set is absolutely beautiful. I have worn it with a dress, jeans and t-shirt, and shorts set. I get compliments no matter what I am wearing. In fact, I wore this set to the Jewelry show in Dallas, Texas and even the vendor's were commenting on how nice this jewelry is. The gold, turquoise and rose colors look perfect together. <end>  very pretty set. nice color combo  my first impression was wow, very nice. nice gift boxed set in a pretty box (navy with small bow). great coordinating set--nice color combos. would go with everything--dressed up outfits or casual. i would only have liked an extra inch in the necklace... i'd like it to hang a bit lower. quick shipment too. <end>
 B000C4QRRO  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Claddagh Ring ||	  I love it!!  I got this ring for my girlfriend for our anniversay and i must say that it is beautiful.It came exactly as described and in a pretty box so that i could just give it to her just as it came in the mail.She absolutely loved it, it's a must have. <end>  Looks nice but...  It looks great! But it made me break out in hives on my finger. I have never broken out in hives if its sterling silver...i was shocked! Beware! <end>
 B000C5DRYY  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Teeny Hearts ||	  Fun little anklet for the summer!  Nice, substantial weight for everyday wear without the worry of breakage you might encounter in a flimsier anklet. <end>
 B000C5DSHK  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Teeny Dolphins ||	  bracelet not anklet  purchased for a friend not long enough for an anklet . she wears it as a bracelet and she is petite <end>
 B000C5FS46  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Clustered Double Chime Balls ||	  Beautiful bells  I bought these as a gift for someone and misplaced them. I gave her something similar instead. Eventually they were found I kept them for myself as they sound soooo lovely. Beautiful tinkling sounds, I have music wherever I go! <end>
 B000C5LMHI  Sterling Silver Shells Charm Bracelet ||	  very small shells  I bought this charm bracelet and found that the shells are very small, much smaller than I imagined from the photo. I wear it with another charm bracelet and it is fine. <end>
 B000C5LNOK  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet w/ Chime Balls ||	  Fantastic!  This product exceeds my expectations! It seems very well made and is super shiny. The bells are a little deeper sounding than a previous similar item, but are lovely. It fits my tiny wrist perfectly. <end>  Great Purchase  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet with Chime BallsI am so pleased with my bracelet! I am also extremely please at the time it took for me to receive it. Most jewelry I order on line takes weeks to be received and this took less than a week.I am very pleased with my purchase and will likely purchase from Sabrina again. <end>
 B000C5NMEY  Sterling Silver Charm Plain Charm Bracelet ||	  Love it!  Love this bracelet. I like things you don't find everywhere else and this is one of them. Looks much better in person, I was pleasantly surprised. I bought it as a birthday present for my little girl and now I want one.  ) <end>  Beautiful bracelet!  I purchased this bracelet as a gift for a teenage girl and she absolutely loved it! Thank you so much! <end>  Its very pretty... but  I received this bracelet for Christmas and really love it. It is daintier then I thought it would be but I was actually excited to find that out because I like dainty.I did, however, want a bracelet that I could wear everyday including in the shower never take it off style. After only 2 weeks of wearing this bracelet The pretty mettle pieces that connect the larger round circles started stretching out and are at risk of falling off (and poke me in the wrist and have gotten caught on shirts). I find it weird that those pieces are not fixed in a way that they are a solid piece of metal.I have not contacted anyone about this issue and so I don't know how they would have resolved it.The bracelet is beautiful but is not for everyday wear. <end>  Nice bracelet, but...  This bracelet is dantier than I anticipated. I've been looking for a nice sturdy bracelet for charms, and I'm worried that this one might not hold up. But I'm willing to try it out. One thing that I definitely don't like is the clasp. It is really small and hard to open. And the opening of the clasp is barely wider than the ring it attaches to. The style of the bracelet is nice and different from the usual. <end>  Nice  I like the weight of this and the fact that it is different from other charm bracelets I have seen. <end>
 B000C5PLNE  Dark Brown Synthetic Faux Silk Rope Cord 17" Necklace ||	  not so great  Not what I wanted at all, the wrong colour and it barely fits around my neck. I pretty much threw it out as soon as I got it. <end>  Great  Bring those back please. They are the best for pendants. Versatile.. and very " showy".. love this cord. <end>
 B000C5S5HI  Sterling Silver Pill Box Poison Locket Pendant with Genuine Oval Blue Lapis Lazuli ||	  Beautiful!  Ever since I bought it, I had several people commenting on it. It really is a nice pendant with beautiful amber. The box works perfectly even though it doesn't have a safety lock. I would give it 5 stars if it was slightly bigger. <end>
 B000C5U2GA  Aurora Borealis Crystal Bicone Spiral Sterling Silver Adjustable Choker Necklace ||	  I really love this necklace  I got this necklace for my granddaughter. She wears lots of the chocker types and I was surprised at the beautiful colors in the necklace. She wears a lot of the colors already, so this should be a good addition to her wardrobe. If there was anything I would say I wasn't too pleased with it would be the quarts crystal. It was a little dull and I had expected more. But overall I am very pleased with it. <end>
 B000C67PAK  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Polished Finish 3 Cute Diving Dolphins around the Band Womens Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  on of my favorites!!!  this ring is beautiful, and suits any finger, or thumb... something about dolphins and serenity that go hand in hand... I just love this ring! <end>  Cuter than expected  )  I was surprized there were 3 full dolphins and they had cute little "faces"~!I would suggest when you order that you choose your "wide band" size. There is "open space" between the dolphins and you don't want your fingers to bulge out there~!It came in a wonderful little box and I didn't ask for gift wrapping~! Nice touch~! <end>  Dolphin Ring  Ring is very nice quality for the price. It ran a little smaller than I expected but I like it so well that I ordered another one (larger size)and will probably give this one to my daughter. I was looking for a two tone yellow gold and white gold style in this very ring but couldn't find one - so this one does nicely. <end>
 B000C969PY  Sterling silver cufflinks with onyx and mother of pearl with presentation box ||	  Very pretty  Saw similar for a little less money but these are real sterling silver. They are small (not looking for big cufflinks). Quality is good. <end>
 B000CBDZXG  Intricate Sapphire & CZ Three Stone Engagement Ring ||	  Surprisingly Pretty..  As an avid jewelry fan, I was drawn to this ring because it seemed cheap but pretty. The latter is actually quite true. Although the stone is much more purple in appearence than it is blue, like a sapphire, I still really like the ring as a right hand ring and think I will get plenty of use out of it. <end>  beautiful but too big  I ordered this ring and it was here within 3 days. It was very fast shipping and I was happy with the company. I opened the ring and it was very beautiful, but it was alot bigger than it appeared in the pictures. I wore it for about half a day and decided it was just to big for me and that I would knock it to often and that I should return it. If you like bigger rings, this is the ring for you  ) <end>  Beautiful setting.  Beautiful ring setting, but didn't like the stones, particularly the blue one. It was too flat on top and looked like plastic. Too bad, because the setting is first class. Hated to send it back, but couldn't live with the stone. <end>  beautiful setting, cheap stones  This is clearly not a sapphire, but the picture makes it seem much bluer. The stone is violet, not dark blue. The ring itself is lovely, has very nice milgrain working all over, but the side stones are nicer than the center stone. <end>  Lovely Ring  This is a lovely ring! The size is probably one of the things I enjoy the most, it isn't a cheap flimsy ring, it has nice big stones and a beautifully detailed band. I think it is a little hard to tell, but the side stones are actually oval shaped, not round, which I think makes this ring more unique than other three stone style rings. <end>  Pretty nice  I like the case except the edges are grey when you have the phone on its back, which makes it look cheap but that's ok. But otherwise, it fits and is pretty. <end>
 B000CBEYRC  Sterling Silver Italian 1.5 mm Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Rope Necklace  I HAVE 1 OF THESE NECKLACES AND REALLY LIKE IT. I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ANDDON'T EVEN TAKE IT OFF AT ALL UNLESS I'M TAKING A SHOWER. EVERYONE THAT SEESTHAT I'M WEARING THIS NECKLACE REALLY LIKES IT TOO. THEY ALSO LIKE THE STERLING SILVER INSTEAD OF THE WHITE GOLD, THE WHITE GOLD OVER SILVER, OREVEN THE GOLD OR THE YELLOW GOLD. I WOULD BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN WITHOUTTHINKING TWICE ABOUT IT. THE NECKLACE WAS SHIPPED QUICKLY AND ARRIVED BEFORETHE ESTIMATED DILIVERY DATE. <end>  not what i expected  I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick, i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund! <end>  Very shiny and elegant  Very beautiful necklace. It is much shinier than the picture and it was well crafted. I wear it with most of my pendant now and 16 inch is just perfect for me. <end>
 B000CBEYSG  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Excellent product  The chain I received is better than my expectation. One who can get white gold chain in cost of sterling silver? I would definitely recommend this to a friend. <end>  Very Shiney  When I got this it was ridiculously shiny, almost to the point I did not want to wear it. Fortunately, it got to a more friendly silver color over the next couple weeks. Seems durable and looks good with just about anything. Price was nice as well. <end>  Sterling rope necklace  This rope chain is perfect for hanging a pendant on. It's comfortable to wear and is bright and shiny. I love it! <end>  Turned black  This necklace turned black after a few months. Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes. <end>
 B000CBEYTA  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  I like it  It is as nice as it looks on the picture.  ) I like it.  ) <end>  Great Product Great Service  this seller was great. I returned my origional purchase for a different one and they made the exchange without any trouble and quickly. would definaltely recomend. <end>  kathy52658  excellent craftsmanship, and a price you just can't pass up. I have recommended this item and company to everyone I know. <end>  Excellent Product!  The necklace is great - just what I was looking! Also very impressed with Sabrina Silver's quick processing/delivery! <end>  beautiful......  I bought these for myself (chain and bracelet) and they are beautiful, even more so than the picture, Sabrina Silver is a great seller. <end>  Great children's necklace  I really love this necklace. I bought it for my 10 year old and its better than the picture. Its for a great price too. It even came gift boxed for free. <end>  Exquisite and Heavy - My Favorite Chain!  I've found other, less expensive Italian diamond cut rope chains on the net but they are MUCH lighter weight and flimsier. I absolutely LOVE this chain and get gobs of compliments on it so I intend to purchase more from Sabrina Silver in other lengths. Excellent seller. Exquisite product. I'm VERY pleased! <end>  Regretted paying a penny for this item.  Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black. What a waste of money. <end>
 B000CBEYUO  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.2mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  18"ster;ing diamond cut rope necklace  When I received my necklace I was very pleased . It is very well made and the cut is exquisite. The necklace shines beautifully and it looks beautiful on. I am extremely happy with my purchase. <end>  necklas  I was very happy with the item I wear it all the time and I get a lot of compliments great price great quality great item thanks <end>  gorgeous silver necklace, really like it.  I ordered two of these necklaces for a pendant I have, and really like them. The quality's lovely, and they're really pretty. <end>  Not worth the price.  The chain is rather thin and almost white looking rather than silvery. I had to return it because it was not worth $80 and the ring of the lobster clasp was missing. Dealing with the seller was a problem. I did not get a response for return authorization until I reported them to Amazon. Now I am waiting for my money to be returned after 4 weeks. What is going on with this seller. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! <end>  Amazing chain  I love my chain!! It is a replacement of one that my mom got me over 10 years ago that finally broke. I am more happy with this chain than the last. I love that I bought it and the amazingly fast shipping was a plus. Thank you for helping replace a sentimental piece of jewelry. <end>  Nice looking chain, but color not silver  This is a nicely made, solid chain and works well with heavier pendants. However it is very white in color, not a true silver color at all-- so it looks a little "off" with a silver pendant hanging from it <end>  Awesome necklace!  This is an awesome neck chain; the price was excellent for the quality; the quality is top of the line. I couldn't ask for a better value. I purchased it for a Judith Ripka key pendant, and I wear the pair together often, and they look fabulous! Nice going. <end>  no a true 9"  the bracelet was not a true 9 " the necklace perfect the bracelet nice quality just not true to length <end>  Silver Chain Beautiful but Construction Around Clasp was Weak.  The rope chain was beautiful and had a nice weight and sheen to it, but it fell apart at the clasp and I had to have it re-soldered which cost me $25. Now that it is repaired, I love it. <end>
 B000CBGBQE  Sterling Silver Italian 1.5 mm Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Rope Necklace  I HAVE 1 OF THESE NECKLACES AND REALLY LIKE IT. I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ANDDON'T EVEN TAKE IT OFF AT ALL UNLESS I'M TAKING A SHOWER. EVERYONE THAT SEESTHAT I'M WEARING THIS NECKLACE REALLY LIKES IT TOO. THEY ALSO LIKE THE STERLING SILVER INSTEAD OF THE WHITE GOLD, THE WHITE GOLD OVER SILVER, OREVEN THE GOLD OR THE YELLOW GOLD. I WOULD BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN WITHOUTTHINKING TWICE ABOUT IT. THE NECKLACE WAS SHIPPED QUICKLY AND ARRIVED BEFORETHE ESTIMATED DILIVERY DATE. <end>  not what i expected  I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick, i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund! <end>  Very shiny and elegant  Very beautiful necklace. It is much shinier than the picture and it was well crafted. I wear it with most of my pendant now and 16 inch is just perfect for me. <end>
 B000CBGBR8  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.2mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  18"ster;ing diamond cut rope necklace  When I received my necklace I was very pleased . It is very well made and the cut is exquisite. The necklace shines beautifully and it looks beautiful on. I am extremely happy with my purchase. <end>  necklas  I was very happy with the item I wear it all the time and I get a lot of compliments great price great quality great item thanks <end>  gorgeous silver necklace, really like it.  I ordered two of these necklaces for a pendant I have, and really like them. The quality's lovely, and they're really pretty. <end>  Not worth the price.  The chain is rather thin and almost white looking rather than silvery. I had to return it because it was not worth $80 and the ring of the lobster clasp was missing. Dealing with the seller was a problem. I did not get a response for return authorization until I reported them to Amazon. Now I am waiting for my money to be returned after 4 weeks. What is going on with this seller. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! <end>  Amazing chain  I love my chain!! It is a replacement of one that my mom got me over 10 years ago that finally broke. I am more happy with this chain than the last. I love that I bought it and the amazingly fast shipping was a plus. Thank you for helping replace a sentimental piece of jewelry. <end>  Nice looking chain, but color not silver  This is a nicely made, solid chain and works well with heavier pendants. However it is very white in color, not a true silver color at all-- so it looks a little "off" with a silver pendant hanging from it <end>  Awesome necklace!  This is an awesome neck chain; the price was excellent for the quality; the quality is top of the line. I couldn't ask for a better value. I purchased it for a Judith Ripka key pendant, and I wear the pair together often, and they look fabulous! Nice going. <end>  no a true 9"  the bracelet was not a true 9 " the necklace perfect the bracelet nice quality just not true to length <end>  Silver Chain Beautiful but Construction Around Clasp was Weak.  The rope chain was beautiful and had a nice weight and sheen to it, but it fell apart at the clasp and I had to have it re-soldered which cost me $25. Now that it is repaired, I love it. <end>
 B000CBHUM8  Amazon.com  SILVER Colored Man&#39;s Cuff Links Square DIAMOND like stones Cufflinks  Clothing ||	  Classy  I would always receive complements on these cuff-links. They are so beautiful. I'm server and would wear them with my white, button-down shirt. It was my little way of trying to add sparkle and some femininity to my uniform. <end>
 B000CBHY3S  Sterling Silver Italian 1.5 mm Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Rope Necklace  I HAVE 1 OF THESE NECKLACES AND REALLY LIKE IT. I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ANDDON'T EVEN TAKE IT OFF AT ALL UNLESS I'M TAKING A SHOWER. EVERYONE THAT SEESTHAT I'M WEARING THIS NECKLACE REALLY LIKES IT TOO. THEY ALSO LIKE THE STERLING SILVER INSTEAD OF THE WHITE GOLD, THE WHITE GOLD OVER SILVER, OREVEN THE GOLD OR THE YELLOW GOLD. I WOULD BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN WITHOUTTHINKING TWICE ABOUT IT. THE NECKLACE WAS SHIPPED QUICKLY AND ARRIVED BEFORETHE ESTIMATED DILIVERY DATE. <end>  not what i expected  I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick, i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund! <end>  Very shiny and elegant  Very beautiful necklace. It is much shinier than the picture and it was well crafted. I wear it with most of my pendant now and 16 inch is just perfect for me. <end>
 B000CBJJWC  Sterling Silver Peridot, Garnet, and Jade Hook Earrings with Cherry Quartz Briolette Drops ||	  love them  these are much prettier than shown on the website - just the right size and such a variety of color. just beautiful <end>  Cheap  Very poor quality--I could not give them to my daughter as I intended. Just junk. <end>
 B000CBJJWM  Natural Sea Green Prehnite and Black Onyx Sterling Silver French Hook Earrings ||	  Great earrings!!!  Love the prehnite and onyx together. Lovely silver work, good length. I have fallen in love with prehnite lately, now I need a ring. This is a great purchase and a great price. <end>
 B000CBT76K  Handmade ceramic "I love you" cufflinks with presentation box. Made in England ||	  Sweet!  I ordered a set of these cufflinks, as a Valentine gift for my Fiance&eacute;. He loved them!! <end>
 B000CBT774  Handmade ceramic skull and crossbone cufflinks with presentation box ||	  Great Cuff Links!  I bought these cuff links for my fiance for our wedding next month. The package was shipped to us within 3 days and came gift wrapped in a nice box. The craftsmenship of the cufflinks is amazing. I definately reccomend using TOL for future purchases...in fact I am going to buy some for my future brother-in-law and father-in-law. <end>
 B000CC0BQ4  Pugster Halloween Vampire Teeth Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Cute link  This is the first link I had purchased for my Italian charm bracelet over 2 years ago. It has been on there the entire time and it has held up great. It is nice and shiny and perfect for people who have a thing for vampires like myself. The only think I wish was different was that the square around it would be silver rather than gold, but that is a personal preference more than anything so I can justify taking a star off of it for that. <end>
 B000CDH6QQ  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Princess Cut Peridot Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Periodot Cubic Zirconia earrings  These are fun earrings. The color is bright and very hip. The Princess cut is not as sparkly as the Brilliant cut but is very pretty in its own way. Nicely sets off a casual outfit. <end>
 B000CDT4YI  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 8-9mm Black Pearl Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Cannot reccomend it enough!  I have owned the gorgeousFreshwater Cultured Oval Shape 8-9mm White Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chainfor a year or so; I don't know why I didn't buy this dark color sooner. I was VERY happy when I saw it. I suppose every pearl is a bit different; mine is a bit darker and shinier than the one in the photo - STUNNING. It's a nice oval shape, and there are zero blemishes. I could not be happier!!!In the past I bought the equivalent pendant from Dahlia (same size, same shape, same color) and I was disappointed. And it cost twice as much!Highly recommended - for yourself as well as a gift. <end>  A good value for the money  This is a really lovely necklace, at a very reasonable price. The construction and dye quality is good, the only tiny flaw I noticed was a little extra jeweler's glue around the fitting at the top of the pearl. You could spend a lot more, and get something a little nicer, but if you want something beautiful that you feel comfortable wearing every day, this would be my pick. <end>  wonderful  the item arrived quickly and was beautiful. the photo does not do it justice. it is a wonderful pendant. <end>  Beautiful!  very beautiful, simple design so that it is not too gaudy or over blown. Nice for casual or even dressy <end>  kinda tiny  this pearl necklace was smaller than i thought it would be. obviously i should have measured what 8 or 9mm looks like. also, my necklace came round, not oval shaped as advertised. it's still nice, but not what i expected. if i had seen it in person instead of on the computer, i probably would not have purchased it and kept on looking for a larger, truly oval shaped necklace like i thought i was getting. it's still attractive. <end>
 B000CDU6KY  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Princess Cut Aquamarine Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Thank you for the good deed and service  My hat's off to you Gem Ave! I sent an email to Gem Ave stating that my wife lost the stud from the earring I bought recently. The following day I received an email from Gem Ave that a new pair of the same earring are on it's way! I never asked for another pair on my email! My wife and I agreed that from now it is Gem Ave for us and our family. Thank you Gem Ave! Keep up the good work and deeds! <end>  Bling!  Everything went smoothly, and the bling that comes with these ear-rings is something to see. And everyone will see them... <end>
 B000CDUCTO  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 9-10mm Black Pearl Pendant with 18K White Gold, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  beautiful necklace  this necklace is gorgeous, i get complements on it every time i wear it.definitely worth the money if you're considering it as a gift or for yourself.the pearl is very large (about the size of a spherical m&m;)and has a unique way of reflecting light. i'm very pleased with this necklace, i rarely take it off. <end>
 B000CDW9PO  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 7-8mm Black Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Looks good but the pendant broke within a few weeks.  This item looked just as described when it arrived. It worried me that the chain seemed cheap so I replaced it with a silver chain I had and was pretty happy with it. But a few weeks later I looked down to see the pearl had come loose from it's stem and there was only a stem hanging from the pendant clasp. So if you only want to wear it for a few weeks this is a good purchase. If you want it to last I would suggest you look elsewhere. <end>
 B000CDWB66  Sterling Silver Egyptian Ankh Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 2 1/2 inch ||	  Big and Bold !!!  This Ankh is the one I have been looking for, it's hefty and King sized with a highly polished finish. If you're looking for big, this one's for you! It is an exceptional value also, and the supplier had it shipped to me super fast. I will buy from them again! <end>  Ankh Pendant  First I had asked my wife to order me a pendant and she did so through an online source, WELL after two weeks passed I figured the order wasnt received so went to Amazon.com found the pendant I was looking for, ordered it and received the order within 5 business days. The pendant is exactly how it was described...I am very please with my purchase, THANK YOU AMAZON.... <end>  Large Silver Ankh  I bought this to replace one my Mom was given in the 1960's by my father. Turns out she found the one she'd "lost" so she gave this one to me. Now we're twins! It is really beautiful and shiny and makes a lovely addition to any outfit - goes with slacks, blouses or dresses. <end>  Just what I wanted  This product was delivered on time and is exactly what I expected. I would buy again from this supplier. Good service, quality products, and priced right is what makes this on-line purchasing work.Thank you for your excellent product that I will own and cherish for many years.... <end>
 B000CDWB7A  Sterling Silver Crucifix Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 2 inch ||	  Unique cross  This is a wonderful crucifix charm. When I received it in the mail I was surprised to see that Jesus was really hanging from the cross. Rather than have Him plastered up against the cross, this particular charm has Him hanging from it being held to the cross only by His hands and feet. Very impressive. The detail on Jesus isn't the greatest but still a very good looking charm. Your sure to get complimented with this unique cross. It is also pretty thick. You'll get your moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful cross  I had been looking and finally found this Crucifix and decided to give it a try. The picture does not do it justice. It is stunning in person and heavy. Well worth the price. My Son loved it. <end>
 B000CDZQT0  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 6mm Heart Pink Cubic Zirconia Post Back Stud Earrings ||	  Cute, Cheap, but worth it  These earrings are cute and small, but they are the right size compared to the smaller sizes. I bought several pairs for my girlfriend and she loves them. It is a perfect product for a daughter, teenager, bff or the like. The sizes smaller than the 6-7MM are too small and won't be seen as well as a heart comparatively. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone. Everything about the order was perfect and on time. Thanks. <end>
 B000CE8DR6  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 6-7mm Black Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Great for price and younger girls  I bought this necklace as a holiday gift for a young relative. Perfect length for now and she can wear it later as an adult too (more as a choker). At this price, no one has to worry about something happening to the necklace, giving her some practice. It came with a beautiful blue velvet gift box. Fast shipping too - ordered on Sunday and it came in Tuesday's mail. I ordered regular shipping. <end>  Mum loved them...  They're uneven, but not more so than they are in the picture. I think they're lovely. They have a good lustre and color, even though it's not even. <end>  Great gift  We purchased these for the bridesmaids at our wedding. They looked very nice and an excellent price.The box looked very impressive and perfect for a gift. The necklace itself looked to be sturdy and evenly colored. <end>  Absolutely lovely!  I was highly impressed with these pearls, especially for the price. I expected them to be fair quality, but they were beautiful, with only minor surface imperfections and a great peacock sheen. Also, they are expertly strung on silk, and strung loosely enought that they fall naturally when worn. Stunning! <end>  Beautiful  These ended up being darker than pictured, but still very beautiful. They feel satiny smooth, and add a touch of class to any outfit. These would be a wonderful gift. <end>  These were perfect!  I must have read over 100 reviews of different pearl sets/strands on Amazon before deciding to purchase these pearls. They were just as described and pictured, and they were absolutely beautiful in person. I bought these as a gift but they were so lovely I think I'll have to purchase one for myself too! Very surprised at the quality for the money spent; excellent all around! <end>  Nice just color is a little different  I really love the length and feel of this necklace. My only issue is that the color is a little different then expected. In the picture it seems like more of a silver black pearl, but when they arrived they are more dark purple/maroon than gray. Still love it, just a different color than I was expecting. <end>  My wife likes the pearls but we had trouble with the latch.  My wife likes the pearls but we had trouble with the latch. We ended up having to replace it so that was an additional expense. <end>  oval black pearls  These are very lovely, and exactly as pictured. They do seem to go with everything I own. I am very pleased - and what a great price! <end>
 B000CE8DS0  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 7-8mm white Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Pearls are Perfect!  I bought these for my wife and they are exactly as specified. Knots between each pearl and everything. My wife was very happy with her gift. <end>
 B000CE8DUS  AugustinaJewelry Triple Strand 16-18 Inches 8-9mm White Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Triple pearl strand  Product arrived quickly and nicely boxed. Quality of the pearls is quite good. Only issue is that the connection between one strand and the clasp came apart the first time my wife wore this item. I was able to fix it myself, but the entire clasp and connections seem to be lower quality than I expected. We will probably have a local jeweler install a better clasp. <end>
 B000CECNXG  AugustinaJewelry Triple Strand 16-18 Inches 7-8mm Black Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Beautiful pearls, needs better graduated strands  Pearls are notoriously difficult to buy and sell via the web because a pearl's color varies so much, and it's tough to accurately portray color on a screen. This is especially true of black pearls, which can be black, blue, gray, purple, or green.I've tried 4 Augustina black pearl necklaces, and all leaned toward the blue/gray spectrum, with splashes of purple and pink and very little green, my least favorite color. These pearls have a nice shape and luster. The 3-strand necklaces, however, weren't properly graduated; the middle strand lays on the top of the bottom strand more often than not instead of "nesting" in the middle. If you like your multi-strand necklaces to lay flat, you may not like that; if you don't mind them jumbled, it may not bother you. Beautiful necklace for the price, just disappointed with the way the strands were graduated. <end>
 B000CEEST8  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 22 Inch 6-7mm white Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Wrong size  I purchased this necklace along with the same exact necklace but black pearls. They came from the same shipper, received on the same day. The black pearls were perfect and the correct size ordered. The white pearls were way off in size. I was really disappointed as they were very pretty. I would order them again if I could be guaranteed the correct size would show up. Very careless on the shippers end. <end>
 B000CEFV3U  Set of Three Sterling Silver Extender Chains ||	  Cheap and embarassing  I purchased these links to extend my Tiffany necklaces. They were cheap and embarassing from the back, and although my hair hides it initially, when they came around to the front, it was very ugly. One of the clasps only lasted one outing, and I almost lost the pendant when the clasp failed! <end>  Love These!!  These are by far the best chain extenders I own. Love the fact that they're in sterling silver. Very sturdy and well made. The three different lengths is just what I needed for different looks. Would highly recommend. <end>  Just what i needed  Good quality extension chain, and getting 3 sizes is perfect...let me extend a 16 inch necklace i got for xmas to an 18 inch.since i have a fat neck (LOL)... <end>  Perfect  The necklace extenders I purchased were perfect. The shipping was very quick and reasonable. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000CERQ38  Genuine Cultured Freshwater Pearl and Green Emerald Blooming Flower Sterling Silver Ring Size 9(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Affordable pearls and emeralds  If you love the look of pearls and emeralds but don't want to spend a fortune, go for this ring. It's beautiful and does have a "blooming" quality to it. <end>  you get what you pay for  One of the pearls fell out of the setting the second I took it out of the packaging. It was glued in. It is a pretty ring...but I guess you get what you pay for <end>  GOOD BUY  This ring is great for the price. This went well with a friend's sterling silver bracelet with pearls and a pearl necklace with green emerald crystals who I bought this ring for. The green emeralds in the ring are not the bright green ones but they are light green emeralds. Again for the price it was a great buy. My friend is very happy to have it because it does matche her other jewelry. <end>  design/fwp and emerald ring  IT IS PRETTY; I DO NO PARTICULARLY LIKE THE DESIGN; BUT, I WILL WEAR IT ON OCCASION. IT DOES LOOK GOOD ON MY HAND AS I HAVE LONG SLIM FINGERS. WOULD ADVISE PURCHASE OF THIS RING; REGARDS,DH <end>
 B000CETBIQ  Sterling Silver Rainbow Moonstone Celtic Knot Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  I bought this for my daughter-in-law who loves Celtic things. She loves these earrings so much I am giving her the matching necklace for her birthday. I am not too sure what moonstone is, but the stone diffuses light in a way that gives off beautiful colors, particularly blue. It really is quite amazing. There is no way you would get such high quality for the same very reasonable price in any jewelry store. <end>  As advertised  I bought for my wife for her birthday; and the necklace and matching earings came as advertised. I would order from this merchent again. <end>  Celtic Knot Earrings  They arrived promptly and they are just as beautiful as the picture,more beautiful! Quality jewlery to add to my collection. <end>  Love these earrings!!!  I wear them with anything that has the slightest bit of blue, and they accent it perfectly. Though the moonstone is not as high of quality as i might have liked, what do you expect for the price. These are beautiful earrings and I get complimented on them all the time. If you are looking for something different than the same old gemstones, this is it! <end>  Not much rainbow  This is a well made item, the only disappointment was that there was very little 'rainbow' effect from the stones, certainly nowhere near what is shown in the picture. I bought both necklace and earrings and this lack of rainbow effect was in all three stones. <end>  must have  these earring are beautiful and go great with the necklace. if you like celtic than these are a must have. <end>  Excellent  I bought these for my wife for our anniversary. The metalwork is quite good and has a nice heft to it. The moonstone does not have as much color I would have liked, but they are very nice just the same. I can recommend without reservation! <end>  Moonstone takes on colors your wearing  These earring are very pretty and take on a color that you are wearing. They've had a green, blue, and purple glow depending on the shirt. They are elegant. <end>  Very pretty earrings  I really like these earrings - they are simple, yet elegant. You can use them to dress up a simple outfit. To me they were certainly worth the fair price! <end>  Very Disappointed  Sterling Silver Rainbow Moonstone Celtic Knot EarringsFour days before Christmas I recieved these earrings. The hook for the ear was attached backwards! If worn, the earring itself with the moonstone would be facing to the back. It was very disappointing. I was unable to use these earrings as a Christmas gift. In fact, they are unwearable!!! <end>
 B000CF3M94  Crystal Rope Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Ostentatious  As one should expect from a name like "Cuff Daddy", these are huge. Completely useless for anything but costumes.They do look like the picture, but they are so big that the effect is far different. They arrived in a nice box, and without damage. <end>
 B000CFIWUI  Cute Stretchy Crystal Web Chip Bracelet ||	  Plenty of Sparkle!  I love this bracelet! The crystals are very shiny. It looks like you're wearing bits of glass on your wrist. It goes with everything and is very comfortable to wear. Of the three web chip bracelets I bought, this one is the shiniest. The width varies a little, but is about 1 1/2 inches. <end>
 B000CFMYPC  Cute Stretchy Peridot Web Chip Bracelet ||	  Stretchy Bracelet  Purchased the bracelet because it's my 1st grandchilds birthstone. I really like the look, however when it stretches out some of the stones get loose so I'm afraid to wear it much. Sorry to say that because I really like the look of the bracelet. I'm on the fence on whether to recommend it. I actually bought 2 of them - but haven't worn either much - just don't want to lose the stones. <end>  stretchy peridot bracelet  when you put it on the stones start falling out - it's beautiful - just hope I don't lose all the stones! <end>  Great Looking Bracelet with an excellent price!  This bracelet has been a great additional to my jewelry collection. I wear it frequently and always get compliments on it. <end>
 B000CHPZL0  Sterling Silver Celtic Scottish Thistle Kilt Brooch or Cloak Pin ||	  Very Pretty  I purchased several thistles for gifts. The shipment arrived earlier than projected and in excellent condition. The pins were well crafted and very pretty. <end>  Surprisingly pleased  I was very pleased and surprised that it was even nicer than the photo.The product was definitely worth the price. <end>  very pretty  This pin is very nice and the picture is close to actual item. It is just the right size for those who like smaller subtle pins. <end>  Nice, but not as pretty as the picture.  It's very nice but looks kind of flat as opposed to the picture here at Amazon, where it looks a bit rounder and more detailed. Still, very pretty and my wife loves it. Off to the next Ren Faire! <end>  Fantastic Pin  I purchased this pin as a Christmas gift for a friend. IMO, the pin is even nicer in person. The simple, yet pretty thistle design goes with everything. The pin arrived well before Christmas and was packaged nicely in a velvet jewelry bag. Would buy from this seller again. <end>
 B000CHPZU6  Sterling Silver Star Spinner Motion Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Great Little Ring  I bought this spinner ring for my daughter who picks at her nails. Now, instead of picking at her nails, she spins her ring - most of the time! While it is nothing fancy, it a nice little ring. She wears it all the time, even in the shower. It still looks like the day we bought it! <end>  Much nicer than photo  Nice ring, prettier than the photo, well packed and sent very quickly. Would deal again any time. <end>
 B000CHUHE0  Multi-Color Cultured Pearl Multi-Strand Silver Chain Lariat w. Heart Shaped Crystal Slider ||	  Beaware  I really really want to love this necklace, but I just can't! I feel in love with it the first time I saw it on Amazon. I just loved the style, the color, and everything about it! I been contemplating for over a year to get it (I look at it a few time a month, pondering about getting it. I love it so much, but was a little hesitant to buy jewelry online. I even went onto their website and poke around) and watch the price go from $70 to $80 and then to $90 over the years. I finally crack and bought the necklace as a gift to myself and was super excited for the arrival. Well, lets just say it when downhill when I open up the Amazon box. I provided a few images so other people can see it.... I rarely get work up over a bad purchase, but this really made me upset! I had made countless purchases through amazon for the past few years and only returned two products...this is one of them.The jewelry box was fairly beaten up, with the corners worn out or crushed, which caused the side of the box to bend and curve out (if you look at the right side of the box). I could of overlook the issues, because the detail of the box was so pretty. However, there was a big bright yellow stain next to the necklace when I open the box! I can imagine someone missing the other yellow stain in the box on a time constraint or without a second look, but this one couldn't have been missed. As for the necklace, the pearls were not the lovely and vibrant peach, pink, white, lavender, purple, and grey showed in the picture. The pearl colors were a very flat light peach, cream, metallic grey. The pearls also look rounder and bigger than what it is in the pictures, which is some what deceiving. I notice a couple of the pearls had light scratches on the surface as well. The "lariat chains" were also longer than what was shown in the picture, making the necklace look really cheap and the pearls fake. The chain was also made from poor quality material (the quality was similar to children jewelry), which also surprised me. I had bought necklace for $15 with a better chain. As I said earlier... I really wish I could love this necklace, but it's just not happening. The shipment was quick, as I place the order on Sunday and got it on Friday. I gave the product 1 star, because of the beautiful box. <end>
 B000CITRHW  Triple Moon and Celtic Trinity Knot Sterling Silver Filigree Crescent Genuine Rainbow Moonstone Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Intricate detail, and elegant  I am a repeat customer of Silver Insanity and I have had nothing but good experiences with them. The ring got to me in record time. I love it! It's more petite than you would imagine by looking at the picture, but I am glad because I don't care for chunky rings and it's still very sturdy. I am glad I picked up this ring and I won't hesitate to purchase from SI again in the future. <end>  My wife ordered this and she wears it daily!!!  This little ring is very elegant and goes with everything. My wife wears hers daily! <end>  Beautifully detailed  This is one ring where the actual thing looks better than what you see online. The rainbow moonstone is small but that is perfect because it protrudes and anything bigger you would be knocking the stone into stuff (especially when ladies rummage for stuff in the handbags). The celtic design adds a mystical feel to it which makes you want to program it as a good luck ring or for protection etc. I would recommend this any day. <end>  Looks delicate than the picture  I was a little bit disappointed because I was hoping for a more tough looking ring. It looks weird, in my opinion, when worn alone, but I like that it looks artsy when worn with other funky looking rings. <end>  Lovely ring  I received mine today, shipping was prompt and it was packaged securely. The moonstone is a bit small, but the detailing and knotwork are beautiful on their own. The moonstone catches the light nicely to present the prismatic character of the stone. I was concerned with this being too masculine of a ring, it looks rather large in the picture because it's so close, but it looks delicate and elegant. A great purchase. <end>  Good quality, got what I expected.  I purchased this ring for a teenaged relative, and it's perfect for a girl that age. Cute and well made, but not too fancy. The moonstone is quite small, but it's got a nice depth to it, and the patterns in the silver are very well done. As other reviewers have noted, it's more delicate than the image suggests. I think it looks nicer in person than in the preview image, Silver Insanity should add a photo with a hand modeling the ring so customers can see it in context. <end>  Many wonderful compliments!  This ring is gorgeous. One friends said it looked liked a butterfly, when I told her it was two moons, she had to look at it again. I have received numerous comments on how pretty it is.Silver Insanity is wonderful!! Very quick service! <end>  rainbow moonstone celtic knot ring  i was extremely pleased with this ring. workmansship was well done and the rainbow moonstone was exceptionly filled with so many different colors considering the size of the stone. <end>  Great ring!  Just recieved mine today! Its very beautiful. It is a weighty ring though and the moonstone is a but smaller than I thought it would be but all in all it is a great buy. <end>  My Ten Cents  Beautiful! and it came the day after it shipped, very nice, I was worried about it fitting, because of my chubby hands, but it fits well, and as some of the other reveiws mention says its a bit thinner than appears in the picture, but not too thin, and although the moonstone is miniscule, it seems of good quality and adds to the beauty of the ring perfectly, and wouldn't really look right if made much larger in the design, now I gotta invest in some silver cleaner so it stays nice and shiny   ) <end>  Pretty ring... but meant for dainty fingers  I bought this ring because of the style... It is a pretty ring and seems well made. The only problem is it appears larger than it is. I was quite sad that the ring wasn't larger (the moons are not much wider than the band).I recommend this ring if you have 'dainty' fingers. <end>  Pretty but.  This is a pretty ring but the size is a little off. Otherwise it is a good value and the quality is great.Connie D. <end>  Almost as pleased as she was  A simple silver ring that was exactly what I had hoped for; the girlfriend loved it. Good business and good products here! <end>  Gorgeous Ring  I received my ring today and it really is gorgeous! A little bit bigger actually than I thought and I wouldn't neccessarily agree with the ring being delicate, but it's definitely an interesting shape. <end>
 B000CJ15FI  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 6mm Star Ruby Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  perfect  I got these earrings for my granddaughter's birthday. As soon as she saw them she loved them! They're very nice. <end>  Luv these earrings!!  I bought these earrings for my best friend as a birthday present. We both LOVE stars and pink so I HAD to buy them for her. I received them way before the expected shipping estimate which was very nice. The product came in a cute little silver box and my best friend LOVED them. I loved them so much too I had to buy myself a pair.  o) Overall I'm very happy with my experience. <end>
 B000CJ55DG  Sterling Silver and Two Tone Gold Accent Celtic Knot Marquise Garnet Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  WOW!  I am so completely pleased with this purchase!! The ring arrived quickly and was packed well. After removing it from the velvet bag and the celephane ziploc within, I was so impressed with its appearance.The seller obviously took the time to ensure that it was well polished and it glistened in the light. The next thing I noticed was that the quality was outstanding. The stone is gorgeous and the ring itself is thick and fashioned for strength. The shank is thick enough to ensure that this beautiful ring will last a lifetime. Great price too!I can't wait to shop from Silver Insanity again! <end>  Love it!!!  This ring is beautiful, just as pictured. And the service was fast, was shipped quickly. Will order from these people again. <end>  Celtic rings  This ring is beautiful.It is of very high quality.Everone that has seen it has admired it.My wife is very pleased with the ring. <end>
 B000CJ9AGE  Enhanced Black Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (L1S3R2) ||	  Disappointed  I have a hard time believing that these pearls are AA quality. They are of a very nice size, but every single pearl has significant visible flaws. And the luster is not that amazing. Well, when you wear them, they still look nice, but I believe I could get a better product for the price. Previously I purchased pearls from the Amazon collection that were described as A quality. They are nearly perfect, and the luster is fantastic. I payed for them significantly less than these pearls that I am reviewing. I was torn between keeping or returning them for a while, but I will be traveling for a long time, so it looks like I am stuck with them. <end>  beautiful necklace  I wanted something beautiful and precious for a young person of my family who lives in America, I live in France, so it's difficult to choose far away, I read what you wrote and thought it was the product that will be enjoyed and it was! <end>  Disappointed  I have a hard time believing that these pearls are AA quality. They are of a very nice size, but every single pearl has significant visible flaws. And the luster is not that amazing. Well, when you wear them, they still look nice, but I believe I could get a better product for the price. Previously I purchased pearls from the Amazon collection that were described as A quality. They are nearly perfect, and the luster is fantastic. I payed for them significantly less than these pearls that I am reviewing. I was torn between keeping or returning them for a while, but I will be traveling for a long time, so it looks like I am stuck with them. <end>  beautiful necklace  I wanted something beautiful and precious for a young person of my family who lives in America, I live in France, so it's difficult to choose far away, I read what you wrote and thought it was the product that will be enjoyed and it was! <end>
 B000CJBA6M  Enhanced Black Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (L1S3R2) ||	  Disappointed  I have a hard time believing that these pearls are AA quality. They are of a very nice size, but every single pearl has significant visible flaws. And the luster is not that amazing. Well, when you wear them, they still look nice, but I believe I could get a better product for the price. Previously I purchased pearls from the Amazon collection that were described as A quality. They are nearly perfect, and the luster is fantastic. I payed for them significantly less than these pearls that I am reviewing. I was torn between keeping or returning them for a while, but I will be traveling for a long time, so it looks like I am stuck with them. <end>  beautiful necklace  I wanted something beautiful and precious for a young person of my family who lives in America, I live in France, so it's difficult to choose far away, I read what you wrote and thought it was the product that will be enjoyed and it was! <end>
 B000CKE9CS  Sterling Silver Dragon Pendant, 2 1/2 inch tall ||	  bend  When I received this charm the top part holding the charm on the necklace was backward, the top was pushed outward, middle part of the dragon was pushed inward the bottom where the tail is pushed outward. Ii's bend in several position. I paid over $30 dollars for this necklace, it not worth it.Sterling Silver Dragon Charm, 2 1/2" (63mm) Tall <end>  Cool Dragon!  Very cool look! This pendant is beautifully detailed and nice quality for the price. The included chain is nice but a bit feminine for the dragon! I ended up putting it on a leather cord necklace as I purchased this for my ten year old boy. He absolutely LOVES it and wears it constantly! Perfect for someone looking for a gift for a kid that loves Dragons! <end>
 B000CKG59S  Sterling Silver Fish Pendant, 5/8 inch tall ||	  Pleased!  I bought this necklace, and although it's much smaller than I expected, I really love it. I am a goldfish fanatic, and it's just a really cute little charm. I like the chain included, it's really dainty and it shines. The company is great, and I will definitely order from them again. Thanks so much! <end>
 B000CKI7VC  Sterling Silver Filigree Horseshoe Pendant, 7/8 inch tall ||	  "Must have a Horseshoe up your . . . . .  I bought this for my mom for Mothers Day & presented it to her over lunch out at a local Casino. It didn't bring her any luck at the slots but she thought it was great! It's not fancy but it's not pricey either. You get what you pay for and my Mom liked it just fine! <end>
 B000CKK5K8  Sterling Silver Cobra Snake Pendant, 1 1/2 inch tall ||	  Perfect  I ordered this charm with a worry in the back of my mind that once it arrived, it would be smaller than listed on the site or made of cheap material- once I opened the box I knew I was worrying over nothing. The charm is large enough that the etching details are clear and the silver is quality. I will definitely buy from Sabrina Silver. <end>
 B000CKNJDS  Sterling Silver Multicolor Jade 18 inch Necklace ||	  Could be better  It did not take long for the jade pieces come out of the silver holders. The jade did not appear to be of good quality either. I am disappointed and hesitant to purchase jewellery online again. <end>
 B000CMG8N4  Beautiful! Sterling-silver Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Dream Catcher dangle-earrings & Pendant ||	  excellent product  unlike other jewlery that i bought on line that looked big and sturdy in pictures but were delicate and light weight this was exactly as pictured and described <end>
 B000CNMHHO  14kt. Gold, 1/5 ct.tw. Canary Yellow Diamond Circle Pendant ||	  \Lovely and unique pendant  This pendant contains very nice quality diamonds and is unusual because one doesn't see many "circles of life" pendant with canary diamonds. I highly recommend it. Is well worth the money spent. <end>
 B000CNOZO2  Sterling Silver St. Christopher Medal Antiqued Finish 11/16 in. (18mm) Round. ||	  Just what I wanted  This pendant was just what I was looking for! The size is perfect for my husband who is not very big on wearing jewlery. I bought chain seperatly since the chain that came with this pendant was too short for my taste (and looked a little feminine on him). This item was worth every penny I paid for it and then some! <end>  Wouldn't do it again.  I think it was a little to small and dark. Pick on that is a littlemore happy and chain isn't good. I gave it to my sister. <end>  Tiny.  Much smaller than expected. Chain is dainty.Not appropriate for a guy. A bigger medaland heftier chain is what I was looking for. <end>
 B000CNTSPS  Sterling Silver Blue Enamel Moon & Star Pendant Made in Italy, 1/2 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  Very disappointed  I thought this was beautiful so I ordered it. I didn't read the specifications, so when it arrived I said, "That's IT?!" It was too small!! It was a better size for earrings. The picture is very misleading. Too bad it's so small it's beautiful but I'm returning it because it will look ridiculous. Someone will have to be in your face to get a good look at it! <end>
 B000CODH22  EXOTICA Solar Blue TRIBAL BACK Belly Chain ||	  Exotica solar blue tribal back belly chain  This is of a light material and you have to be careful when using it. I did like it but it broke the first time I use it. <end>
 B000CODZLU  Pave Rolling Trio Triple Roll Ring ||	  surprisingly good quality  very nice ring...you have to play with it alittle to get it to lay right on your finger...but all-in-all, it's a great deal for the price. True to size also. <end>  Within a couple of days stones were falling out!  I loved this ring online...after wearing it only two days stones started to fall out of two of the three bands. It looks great but is not worth the price! <end>  Looks even better than the picture  This is a great, stylish ring. You do have to work it a little to get the three rings to lay just right, but it's worth the effort.Also a note on the price. As of the date of my review, it is listed as $84, marked down from $90. I paid $58 for it in July. I don't recall if that was a sale price, but wow, that's quite an increase now. <end>  Pave Rolling Trio should roll back to it's creator Serious Rip Off  Purchased this and it arrived fast but;no glimmer at allone stone feel out in the box on arrivalfeels and looks very cheap and bubble gum machine likeworth about $2.50, nothing more then that..royal rip off and I question who would ever write it's grand, seriously ...run from this one <end>  Great Ring  This ring is really beautiful, the stones shimmer and the three colors really look good with any outfit! <end>  Awesome Quality, Very Happy  Pave Rolling Trio Eternity BandI have had the ring for about 5 months and none of the stones have fallen out or are loose that I can see. I love the ring and I wear it all the time. The only negative that I can see is that it isn't the most comfortable to wear because it is thick and it can get caught on clothing, but it was definitely worth the price. <end>  one little problem...  I love this ring and looked at it a thousand times before I ended up buying it. It arrived in great shape and was everything I expected. I have had no issues with Eve's Addiction and would definitely shop with them again. However, there is one little problem...the rose gold band started to turn almost immediately. It looks almost antiqued, sort of pink but mostly black down around all the prongs. The coating just didn't hold up. I like the ring and still wear it often, I just wish it hadn't tarnished so quickly. The other two bands still look like they did the day the ring arrived. <end>
 B000COHBSS  Sterling Silver Designer Inspired Floating Heart Slide , 18IN ||	  Excellent Piece  the customer service for this item was great. They called me and sent me an e-mail when there was a confusion about the shipping address (I wanted it sent to work and we use building codes instead of an actual street address). The piece was pretty solid and very brightly polished. It almost looks like white gold. The only thing is I wished that I had ordered the 18 inch chain instead of the 12 inch one they offered a while ago. I highly recommend this item for the value. <end>  Very nice piece of jewelry  It's quality exceeded my expectations. This is a very nice piece of jewelry and I am delighted to have purchased it at such a fair price. The seller offered great customer service and it arrived in a timely manner. I would definately buy from this seller again! Highly recommended! <end>
 B000CONAEW  Blue Red Circus Striped Belly Button Ring ||	  It broke  After my first wear, the top ball split. I don't believe I over tightened it, especially since I was aware of the tenancy for the acrylic balls to split over a metal thread. I still gave it two stars because I have purchased other rings from this company with the same materials and had no problems. <end>
 B000COO83O  Pregnant Belly Button Ring with Pink UV ends ||	  preggos dream  I used this during my pregnancy for about 5 months up until the day we came home. I never took it out. I loved the fact that I would be able to keep my piercing throughout my pregancy. It was never uncomfortable. <end>  cute, but not helpful  I wore this part of my pregnancy, and people always said something about it because they could see it through my shirt, and the pink balls fade in the sunlight. Plus if something snags it, shirts, basically anything it hurts so incredibly bad that I cried one time. I do not recoment this I would say don't go with the plastic, or don't wear one at all. I wore my regular metal one. <end>  Would Recommend  I've had mine in for a little over a month and and a half, and haven't had any problems with it. It fits comfortably. I did cut it down so it wouldn't get snagged on anything. <end>  never felt right  This had to be cut several times to fit right and was next to impossible to re-thread. When I finally got the ball to stay it felt uncomfortable. I put my metal ring back in but had to take it out a few weeks later so my pregnant belly wouldnt push it right out. Would not recommend. <end>  Not neccessary.  I bought this after I got pregnant thinking my belly would grow making my belly rings too small. Not the case. I never had to take out my original belly ring. The pregnant belly ring is completely unneccessary. <end>  this is great!  i have a surface piercing in my tongue, and the only bar i had for it was metal and too long. i knew that i needed a flexy bar, but couldnt find anything anywhere with the right length. i found this by accident, and ordered it immediately. i love the pink balls. you can also use metal balls on the ends. they hold tight. <end>
 B000COSEHU  Light Blue Gem Keepsake Dangle Belly Ring ||	  My favoroite  Love the way it hangs, colors very pretty. <end>
 B000COUC02  Passion Pink Gem Jeweled Fluttering Heart Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Bummer  Bought a few of these belly button pieces and this one lasted one day too. The wings fell off which I found but couldn't be put back on. I still use the remaining piece. They need to make the rings holding the dangles alot stronger so this doesnt keep happening <end>
 B000CPCT1G  Carribean Sea Horse Shoe Circular Barbell ||	  Cute if the right light  I do like this ring, but when I received it I thought they had sent a green one by mistake, unless you turn the balls where you can see the differnt colors you see green (a pretty shade of green). Still think it's cute though. <end>
 B000CPCT48  Electric Blue Miracle Ball Horse Shoe Circular Barbell ||	  Cracked Balls  They were great while they lasted, but as another customer mentioned, the balls crack so easily. I would try to stick with all-metal barbells as well. <end>  Product Looks Great but The Balls Don't Hold Up  The company themselves are FANTASTIC, however, all of the rings I have purchased from this particular company (the product itself) has flaws. I have extremely sensitive skin. Not an issue as all of the hoops & horseshoes are rated & are not going to break you out or cause irritation. HOWEVER, the screw in balls at the end, go metal only if you want them to last. These have chipped & cracked & there's nothing like having a piercing & having to carry around spares in your purse KNOWING it'll crack or chip & be useless. Sorry, great people to buy from but I'd stick with entirely metal units if/when you do. <end>
 B000CPCT5W  Gothic Axe Dangle Horse Shoe Circular Barbell ||	  unique, sexy, coool  i am always "iffy" about buying jewels online, but when i saw this i had to have it. it is different; i have never seen anyone have a belly button ring like this. it is unique, it even sparkles! its super sexy and i love the little axes. i reccomend this ring for any bellys! <end>
 B000CPIOMO  Red Miracle Ball Horse Shoe Circular Barbell ||	  Pretty But Not Durable  The company itself is great to deal with. The ring IS as stated & if you want to get an idea about piercings & rings I like to use http //www.monstersteel.com/size-chart.html to get a clear idea of exactly how big something is before I buy it. The only problem I've had are the beads are just too fragile and have a habit of breaking if you screw them on too hard. Problem is if you don't they loosen up and you lose them. So get extra beads. <end>  I love the miracle ball!  I bought a pair of these, and they're very nice. The light shines off of them and makes them really stand out. <end>
 B000CPLMX2  Aqua Blue Racing Maddog Stripe Horse Shoe Circluar Barbell ||	  Aqua Blue Racing MADDOG Stripe Horse Shoe Circluar Barbell  Great ring and cool colors. My daughter really likes it and thinks it is cool. <end>
 B000CPYJG4  Sterling Silver Anchor Pendant, 7/8 inch tall ||	  Looks good, but it is quite small  I bought this necklace for my boyfriend (though I was going to switch out the chains for something a little less feminine)The pendant itself is a nice anchor and I'm still excited to give this as a gift, though all in all, it is quite small. Even from the other reviews and the tittle, I was expecting a small anchor that would be thicker. It's about the length of a thumbnail, for comparison's sake, so he'll probably end up using it as a bracelet charm or something (though on a girl it would make for a nice necklace size). Besides that though, it is a nice pendant for sure, so as long as you're know what you're getting, it's worth the purchase.   ) <end>  silver anchor  I love this item! I bought this for my husband 5 years ago, he has never taken it off and it still looks great! <end>  Anchor Pendant  The pendant is not 1 7/16" as described. It is 7/8". In other words, it is about half the size I expected. <end>
 B000CQ4YT0  Sterling Silver Airplane Pendant, 1 1/16 inch tall ||	  Piff  I love this plane/necklace. The chain was too small though so I ordered another. But it looks fine. I'd recommend it for anyone who likes WW2 planes and necklaces I guess. <end>
 B000CQ5ASO  Pugster Cat Bouquet Animal Photo Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Really nice cat with roses Italian charm  This is a really nice italian charm of a cat surrounded by roses. It is very sweet, with outstanding colors and details. Great price, quality, shipping costs, and delivery. <end>
 B000CQ5ASY  Pugster Red Fox Animal Photo Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Quality  This was exactly the quality they said, it arrived promptly and the image was fastened on beautifully. I love what i got <end>
 B000CQX62G  DEMDACO Willow Tree Friendship Keepsake Box ||	  My friend loved it!  After looking forever for something really sentimental to give my best friend, I stumbled upon this. The image on the lid conveys a feeling of intimate conversation with a trusted friend and the inside message says it all.This item is well-made and I imagine it will easily stand up to the rigors of time. I know that this is a gift that she will look at all the time and know she has a friend and that's exactly what I was looking for.The box it comes in is really nice and completely presentable as a gift. Also, this came with a really small card inside with a "to " and "from " to fill out. It's a wonderful gift item. <end>  oh so cute!  this is a very sweet friendship box, to give a keepsake to your friend. On the inside it says "forever true, forever friends". In my opinion this would be a perfect gift for your best friend. It'll be a memory that she'll cherish forever. It is very well made, very sturdily put together, and apparently made to last. You shouldn't be disappointed. I like this way better than the ornament of the same design.  ) <end>  WONDERFUL GIFT ITEM  What a great item for a gift. So many uses. Work Desk, Bedroom, Kitchen, to hold office supplies, Jewelry, Safe box next to kitchen sink to safely hold rings. All the time it tells the world that you are a great friend and someone felt so strongly that they had to tell you. <end>  Keepsake Box  Very very cute keepsake box. I bought this as a gift for a friend, and I know she will love it! <end>  Gift for a best friend  If you are looking for a gift for your best friend who loves Willow tree items, this is your choice. The writing inside is very meaningful and cute. My friend loved it! The box is designed to store very small items, like jewelry. <end>  Love this item...  I have the most amazing girlfriends... I mean truly blessed. To find something in a price range where I could buy multiple's that are QUALITY... I was just HAPPY... My girl's will LOVE these... simple and solid... I would buy again, no second thought needed. <end>  beautiful keepsake for true friends  it is beautiful for friends of over 30 years. The quality is excellent. I would recommend this to anyone! LOVE IT! <end>  lovely gift for my bestie  this is such a cute and small keepsake box. Perfect for gifts for best friends or sisters. Great to keep small jewelry/rings/etc. <end>  willow tree friendship keepsake box  This is a great holiday gift for your best friend. Would be a great birthday gift also.This is a great holiday gift for your best friend. Would be a great birthday gift also <end>  perfect  I got this as a gift for a friend and I thought it was perfect. Well made and just the right size and - perfect! <end>  So beautiful  This was wonderful. It was small, but very cute. Willow Tree success. I recommend it to everyone, for any type of celebration. <end>  love it  I love this! I got this for my best friend who lives 700 miles away and I love it! Received it fast! <end>  Perfect  It was exactly as I thought it was. Love it. Shipped fast perfect condition. I gave it to my BFF and she loved it as well. <end>  Great gift for a friend  This is a very nice box for a friend. Delicate looking but sturdy. I know my friend will love it. <end>  disappointaned  i was very up-set it's called a keepsake box it's not that's a lie it's a plake a little tiny one it's nothing like i wanted and all they could say was i'm sorry but it is what it is crazy <end>  great  GREAT, BOUGHT AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT, SHE LOVED IT..SENT TO ME VERY FAST <end>  Perfect  I ordered this box for a birthday present and when it arrived I was so excited. It is exactly as it is shown. I purchased a tiny angel and placed it in the box to give to my cousin.To respond to the negative feedback regarding the size of the box  this is labeled as a keepsake box and the dimensions are given in the description. I don't believe that it is fair to give the item a negative review when YOU are the one that did not read the description and did not understand what a keepsake box is. <end>  Great sister gift  I would definitely recommend this box. I wanted it for a sister gift because of the little girls on top and the hidden message inside. I intended to add a sister necklace but unfortunately they didn't come in time. It was very nice even without the necklace. <end>  perfect and beautiful  I bought this for my best friend for Christmas, little did I know she collects these. She was so happy to receive it and thought it was so perfect and beautiful. This will be treasured for years to come. thanks <end>  Perfect gift  I saw this box and knew it would be perfect to go with a necklace I found. It arrived before the expected delivery date and was as I expected. <end>  Purchased As A Gift  I purchased this for my pen pal for Christmas. We always sign everything &#34;Forever Friends&#34;. It proudly sits on her dresser. She loved it. <end>  A Treasure  This keepsake box was a perfect gift for my oldest and best friend. A lovely reminder of friendship and perfect for little trinkets. <end>  Beautiful Artwork.  This little box is very beatiful. I gave it to my friend for her birthday with an added gift inside (Follow Your Heart Pocket Compass in a velvet pouch) and she loved her birthday gift. <end>  Perfect for Friend  Our daughter saw this and thought it would be great for her &#34;Big Sister&#34; in the Big Partner program our city has. It was a perfect and sentimental gift. <end>  love it  bought this as a gift, great quality. looks perfect. in box, great condition, great price.i love it. awesome- great. <end>
 B000CQY260  10mm Plain Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  good product, terrible shipping  the product arrived in perfect condition. shipping is ridiculously slow. will not order again from this seller. <end>  Horrible clasp on these things  I have not yet been able to fasten these things while they are in my ears. They are not useful to me at all. <end>  Nice Size  These were a nice size, but they were pretty difficult to get on. I thought the hinge back would be easier but the size was too small for man fingers! Definitly need a womens help. He has had them on for over 2 months with no complaints and they look great! <end>
 B000CQY2B0  Small Pentacle Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Nice and simple  I bought this pendant because it was small and not obvious and in your face, I liked that. It is a very simple design, I wear it pretty often and there is nothing that it would look bad with. <end>  Not bad  The pendant is really nice, and was smaller than I was expecting. The down side is I don't really like the cord it came with. It was difficult to get the waxy cord to tie a knot and then when I did finally I couldn't get it around my head. <end>  Not similar to the picture, but very nice.  I like this pendant a lot. It's about the size of a dime, but the star in the picture is not like the star on the pendant. The star on the pendant doesn't have the overlapping of the lines like the picture, but instead just a star with the pentagon in the middle. I didn't think that it was that small, but it's still nice and i like it.  ) i didn't think that it would come with a cord(black), but it did and its very short. I ended up taking it off and using a chain from one of my older necklaces. I was also worried it might leave green lines like cheap jewelry does, but it does not do that. overall very pleasing, but not quite what i was expecting. <end>  Not as it seems.  I bought this item for a gift and the Amazon pic did it no justice. It looked like a piece of plastic that came from a bubble gum machine. The only nice thing I would say is it's size and the price. Just wish it looked like the pic instead. <end>  Small Pentacle  It is approximately 1/2 inch in diameter. Very nice. I am not wiccan or such. Just have a part Celtic heritage. <end>  Sterling Silver Pentacle Pendant  I like my necklace. I will get a sterling silver chain to go with it. I am not crazy about the black cord that came with it. This small pendant reminds me of a beautiful star standing in front of our moon & making it glow beautifully in our sky. <end>  small sliver pentagram  I'm very disappointed with this pentacle, it said small but I did not know it was that small, I was at least expecting the size of a dime or quarter, seriously who is supposed to wear a pendant that small a doll?. a complete waste of money. <end>
 B000CQY2BA  Rope Twist Sterling Bracelet Sterling Silver ||	  a bit disapointed...........  I like this piece but it really is very very slim , small , and maybe not worth th e price . It does look nice but it is not a braclet that is all that noticeable. I am going to keep it , but have to "pair it " with other braclets for any effect ............ <end>
 B000CQY2EC  Stud Earrings Sterling Silver - Blue Gem Flowers ||	  Pearced!  This is what I'm still wearing. I have to because I got my 1st ears piercing. 3 more weeks until I get dangling earrings. So exited. <end>
 B000CQZZ5M  12mm Bali Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Never received  Have not received these as of yet, still waiting on them and wondering when they will arrive, they were sent out on the 7th of Dec. and it is the 18th, where are they? <end>
 B000CQZZA2  Glass Yellow Rose Pendant On Hemp Necklace ||	  Nice BUT  This is a nice necklace no doubt, but the hemp cord is really short. I'm a petite woman (under 5ft) and the necklace did not fit over my head. <end>  Very cute...  I received this 3 days after I ordered it, which made me very happy. The pendant is very cute and the twist looks very nice. I do prefer my necklaces a tad bit shorter and the hoop is one single strand of thin hemp. So I am a little concerned that it won't last as long as my other necklaces... time will tell. But all in all, good for the price. <end>  necklace  i like this necklace my fieonce bought it for me for christmas. the hemp work is nice and even, and the glass rose has lots of detail. its a very pretty necklace <end>
 B000CQZZBQ  Solid Sterling Silver Skull - Pendant Necklace ||	  i love it  love it so cool but i did not now that it was small the pic dose not showthe real size <end>
 B000CQZZDY  Fossil Bee - Hemp Choker ||	  plastic crap  It's a piece of plastic crap. Also, we were told that the bee in it died in the fossil but obviously they trapped the bee in plastic so I wouldn't call that a fossil. <end>  Not a quality product.  I was so disappointed with this item! It was supposed to be a Christmas gift for a fossil-loving friend. It looked like a necklace from a 50 cent machine. I had to get her a new gift. <end>
 B000CQZZGG  Skulls - Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  Rock and Roll will Never Die  Picked this up for a special gal christmas of 07... she's got a pretty decent level of rock in her blood; she absolutely loved it! may not be "expensive enough" if that's what matters to the person who's gonna actually rock this, but otherwise... 'tis perfect! <end>  Perfact little gift for me.  I just got this yesterday, it is just beautiful!I got it for myself; it's a good price and the skulls look like Oingo Boingo mascots; my favorite band, so I thought why not? Treat myself.The quality is not the finest I have ever seen, the way the skulls are attached is through quick sliver solder, but it is sterling. As long as you're not hard on it will last and the detail in the faces of the skulls and their smiles is very good quality; and for the price, how do you argue?I love it, and will wear it for a long time to come. <end>  nice product but too small  This item is constructed decently and is of good quality. The only problem is tht it is too small. It was listed under men's jewelry. My wrists aren't extraordinarily large and I can't get the bracelet to fit. I'm going to see if I can modify it with some spacers or something. If it was larger, I would have rated it higher. <end>
 B000CQZZK2  Stud Earrings Sterling Silver - Sunflowers ||	  Great second hole earrings!  I wanted these earrings as second hole earrings. I got them to wear with hoops and other larger earrings. I wear them too with some wonderful sunflower earrings I found at Pike's Place Market in Seattle. I also got Sterling Silver Large Sunflower Ring by Sabrina SilverSterling Silver Large Sunflower Ring size 6.5that matches very well. Not that earrings and rings always need to match, but these two go together very well. I was amazed that I ordered them on 9/11 and they arrived on 9/15. I would use this seller again and would certainly recommend them. <end>
 B000CQZZMA  Psychedelic Mushroom - Pendant Necklace Sterling Silver ||	  Perfect  )  I bought this to wear with my alice in wonderland costume for halloween, but I've been wearing it ever since I received it and have actually gotten a lot of compliments on it  ) <end>
 B000CR2CUM  Pearl Essence 7-8mm AAAA Drop Pendant w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Necklace, Pink (16") ||	  Good bang for the buck  I had never thought that I can get a product like this at such a cheap price. That's until I found and ordered this product. Very nice for casual use. Moreover, the merchant also made me a good impression. I received the product several days before the expected delivery date. It arrived in a nice packaging and everything was as expected.A good bang for the buck! <end>  Beautiful Product, Excellent Experience  I am very impressed with the product and the seller. The pearl and chain are stunning, and at an excellent price. The package arrived in two days at the standard shipping rate- which I wasn't expecting at all. The necklace arrived in a pretty satin bag, which is perfect as it is a gift. This necklace also comes in other colors, so I will likely buy more for other friends and family. First rate! <end>
 B000CR40MU  Pink Camouflage - Choker ||	  Great product but I would NEVER BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I placed an order on December 13, 2006. The package was to be delivered on December 22. I finally received my package on January 10!!! I strongly recommend you never purchase any Item from OLD GLORY, because they will not get your package to you on time. Don't believe the whole "Item ships in 24 hours" because it doesn't. Old glory isn't even open on the weekends. <end>
 B000CRQPPK  Three Tier Band - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Don't order this.  It arrived dirty and even after I polished it, it looked cheap. I ended up giving it away and never wore it once. <end>
 B000CRQQI6  Large Woven Braid - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Simple but "unique," very appealing  Was in the market for wedding rings, but didn't want the traditional simple band. Looked in SO many jewelry stores for something a little more unique, and decided we would need to custom-order something. On a whim my wife-to-be found this style on-line, and we have been very happy with it. And together they cost only a fraction of what more traditional wedding bands would have cost.The company, while a little difficult to reach via phone, was very good about delivering when promised.The rings themselves have been a very satisfying purchase. While the open design lends itself to trapping of substances (bits of soap when washing hands, or rarely a hair gets caught), this has not been a persistent problem and the rings have stood up well to wear-and-tear (so far). Too bad they are not available in more traditional metals. <end>  Photo is larger than actual ring is.  I am a bit disappointed with this product, but please take this review with a grain of salt. I had a similar ring I wore on my thumb for 15 years, and then it was lost while working. So I was searching to replace it. This ring's photo looks exactly like my ring. I was so excited, because I was missing this part of me that was just gone after 15 years. There are no specs to know the width, but the photo size looks just a little larger than my actual ring size, so I got this ring. This ring is beautiful, and simple and elegant. My problem is it just doesn't look as substantial as it's photo. I expected it to be wider, almost twice as wide as it is. I expected the wires to be thicker, I guess I just expected more. This ring is dainty compared to what I expected, so I rated it 3 stars, as it's okay. I do wear it, and would even say like it. <end>  not what I ordered  I purchased two rings expecting them to be identical but they weren't. One was smaller in width than the other. Shipping was not fast it took a week just to receive them in the mail. Have to say I was dissatisfied with the result. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I had a hard time finding this ring. But this is exactly what I wanted. It is sturdy and well made. It is a beautiful ring and looks great on my husband. <end>  Love My Purchase!!  I received my ring and I just wanted to say a Big Thank You for the fast delivery and quality of your merchandise.Looking forward to ordering more items from you.Will recommend you to all my friends! <end>
 B000CRTH8C  Classic Band - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Classic Silver Band  I purchased 2 sizes of this ring. These items were exactly the way they were described. They even arrived sooner than the estimated delivery date. The rings were brightly polished with no marks. My husband and I are using them for our wedding rings. <end>  Too expensive for what you get  This ring is exactly like one that I already own which I paid $8.00 on sale at a local department store. The seller charges $6.95 for shipping which they paid less than $2.00 for. I gave 3 stars because I like the ring but save yourself some money and buy it at your local store. You can buy almost 3 rings for the price they charged. <end>
 B000CRTHGY  Flowers - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  gorgeous jewelry  I love this ring because the flowers go all the way around the ring and it fits my ring finger so if I ever find Mr. Right he doesn't have to buy me an engagement ring, he can just use this as my engagement ring, as I am not into getting into debt before marriage. <end>
 B000CRTHI2  Footprints Band - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  cool thought  cool ring but there a huge scratch in the picture on the left side. see for yourself <end>
 B000CRTHPU  Sterling Silver Ring Rope Twist - Size 11 ||	  Nice Ring  I bought this ring almost a year ago and I haven't taken it off (it's the only ring I own). It seems to come slightly bigger in size which I prefer. I can't wear rings that are tightly sized. It's also a little thick so it may feel uncomfortable at first. And there are many places for lotion or soap or such products to get into. Every now and then I have to take an old tooth brush to clean it out. Otherwise, it's a nice, simple ring. <end>
 B000CRTIFE  Celtic Knot - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Great Ring!  I bought this ring as a wedding band for my husband last spring. He has been wearing it for over a year now and it still looks great! <end>
 B000CRTIRW  Skull Signet - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Great looking ring  Delivered earlier than anticipated! Ring looks just like the picture. Very satisfied with product. <end>  What you see is what you get.  I bought this ring for my roommate for his birthday. It is just like it looks in he picture. Good solid, light but detailed. Well below the cost of what I saw it for in a popular retail store. I say if you like the look, buy it. <end>  not worth the time to try and sell this item  the item i received was distorted and not fit to wear,it was ripped on the bottom right hand side of the ring(top) it was not fit or safe to wear.it would've cut my finger. i sent it back ,have not heard from them yet i asked for a creit back to my account. <end>  Just what he wanted !  My husband seen this ring and fell in love , so it was given to him for a anniversary present , even though we had to have it resized for him as they out of his size , it was still a Lovely item. <end>  nice ring  a tad bit hollow inside, nothing a that i coulden't fix with a tourch an some silver wire. still a great ring, worth the trouble. <end>  Great Ring!  The detail of the skull on this ring is pretty amazing - especially for the price. And the fact that the skull is upraised allows the ring to be used like a signet or seal ring (the skull can be pressed into melted letter wax). The only problem I've had with it is that the back of the skull impression is hallowed out, so that there is air trapped between my finger and the ring, and this causes my finger to sweat a little. But, for such a great looking ring, it's certainly something I can live with. <end>
 B000CRTIWW  Large Indian Head - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Really big!  Really nicely done, big ring. Just what my mom wanted. Moving feathers are a cool touch. <end>
 B000CRVAZU  Pentacle Signet - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Sub-par  I had to go back awhile to write this review, but this ring is NOT worth the amount. For 30 bucks, I expected a heavy, solid ring, this was a cheaply made, semi hollow waste of time and money. To make matters even worse, I ordered a size 8 and recieved something much smaller...it is items like this that frustrate the public, I thought I ought to warn somebody, but if you like this ring, KEEP SEARCHING and you will find a quailty product somewhere else, this one however is not... <end>  I am very disappointed  Not only can I not review this product I never even received it!!! I expected better from Amazon & the people it does business with. I am also very unhappy with the lack of recourse to resolve this issue, despite several attempts to contact the seller and Amazon this is the first time I have heard anything. <end>  nice  What can you say about a ring ? IT IS NICE AND WHST I WOUNTED, DAN <end>
 B000CRVB72  American Eagle - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  awesome ring  iv'e had my ring for about a month now. great quality solid artistic ring. i get comments and compliments about it all the time. <end>  Silver v Stainless  I purchased both the stainless and silver versions of this ring. Unless you plan on punching someone, I would highly recommend the silver over the stainless. The inside of the stainless ring has sharp edges from the casting cut. The silver ring slides on very smooth. There are minor differences in the looks, the stainless has painted on shading and is a bit more defined. At the end of the day I am far more please with the silver ring, it's more smooth and a lot lower profile. In essences the silver is less gaudy. I will warn you though, I'm a big guy and BOTH of these rings are VERY long.I will be purchasing more of the silver rings for other family members.Also, the picture doesn't do the ring justice. The claws and beak are far more defined. The one posted appears smashed. <end>
 B000CRVB90  Fairy - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Ouch!  I'd like to point out that the good reviews for this ring weren't from the person who actually wears this ring. The feet are VERY sharp and I have also have scars from her feet and forget trying to get into your pocket wearing it. I tried wearing the fairy in both directions but now just have scars in two places on my finger. Don't get me wrong, I loved this ring! It's super cute but I'm not sure it's worth the injury. I ended up filing down her feet and that seems to have helped for now. <end>  Fairy Ring - Love it!  My sister loved the ring and wanted to know where in the world I found it. It was shiny, a little thing but the perfect gift! Quick shipping and cute as a button. Thanks kindly! <end>  Great purchase!  I ordered this item for my wife who is a fairy-aholic. Previous reviews warned it was sharp (this is true, thus wouldn't recommend for youngsters). My wife LOVED it!! Will be purchasing mathcing necklace and earings soon. <end>  dangerous  I love fairies so when I saw this ring I had to have it. That was until I went to use the restroom, was pulling my pants back up and the feet &lt;which are pointy as daggers> ripped about a 3 in gash across my knee. Here I am at work, trying to sop up the blood and get back to my desk. I gave the ring away after that, but I have a nice scar to show for it! <end>  I love this ring!!!  I used to own this ring and while yes if you aren't careful you will cut yourself the same is true for many things ... if you're old enough to handle sharp objects with care you should be fine.I repurchased it because after 4 years of everyday wear the wings bent and eventually broke ...It is cute and the details are great! <end>  perfect gift  This ring was a replacement to a fairy ring that my girlfriend had lost. Although this fairy figure is smaller than the last, it is perfect according to her. the feet are sharp, but it doesn't seem to bother her or scratch her finger like the last one did. its an advantage for having a smaller fairy. she doesn't have to take the ring off to reach in her pocket which is how she lost the other one. In addition to all that, the shipping was quick and i received the ring a lot earlier than i expected. i wasnt impressed by the packaging it came in, but the ring was in perfect condition nevertheless. <end>  none  I bought this ring, I thought it was pretty, until I got it home. They should inform you that the feet of the fairy are like a dagger! I have multiple scars on my finger where its gouged me, and I have a 3 inch scar up my knee where the feet ripped thru my pants and into my knee! I had it in my pocket so I could use the restroom. I was going to send it back but I dont know the info was, so I left it on my desk at work hoping someone would steal it, no luck so far. <end>
 B000CRXCRE  Lapis Inlay - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Trouble with the inlays  I bought this for my 8 yo son a month ago. When the ring arrived, one of the inlays had come out into the baggie it was shipped in. Instead of returning the ring and making my son wait even longer, I just super-glued the inlay back in and hoped for the best. Now, a month later, another of the inlays has popped out. It's a really cute ring, but beware that you may be losing inlays.  ( Luckily, we found the inlay and I will be super-gluing this one back in. I don't know if it is the same inlay that I glued before and my glue failed or if it is a different inlay. The seller was great; shipment was fast. It's just the product that is a bit iffy. <end>  Love it!  This is the 3rd ring I bought while searching for a new wedding band w/my husband and it will be the last. It is absolutely beautiful! Mine also has a slight imperfection around the inlay, one or two lines are not perfectly straight. But you'd have to look for it to notice and it doesn't bother me. Like the other reviewer said, it means it's handmade, which I love. The ring is stunning and I can't stop admiring it. <end>  Nice ring for the price  I bought this because I love Lapis, but most jewlery items that has Lapis are far too expensive.The stones are of decent quality.Even though they are not perfectly set they still make a pretty ring. There is one tiny impefection it look like there was a tiny scatch on on of the inlayed stones. The main problem I have with it is that you can visbly see the sodering mark inside the band.This is were the ring was joined together.This doen't mean that it will come apart.It just means that the jewler didn't sand down the mark well enough.I recomed that if you want a peferct Lapis ring then this isn't the ring for you. In my case I love jewlery that has some imperfection it make the item look more hand made, not stamped out by a machine. <end>
 B000CRXCVA  Scroll Work - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  YOU DO NOT GET THE RING IN THE PICTURE.  The ring that actually comes looks like a kindergartener made it. It looks NOTHING like the picture. I used to own the ring in the pic but lost it and was super stoked when i saw it on here. I even tried another size thinking maybe it was just because i chose a really small size. WRONG. WRONG. WRONG. They do not have this ring and they should honestly change the picture as it is false advertising. <end>  50 cent machine ring  I bought this ring for my girlfriend and I was very upset and so was I. I did not pay 46.90 dollars for a ring that I could buy from a 50 cent machine in a burger joint. I expected better material and have it be worth my money. On top of that the ring was not even as described! It was as if it were another ring! It had this dotted designe around the edge and the black areas in the back was not even black it was ALL silver! I'm returning this thing. <end>
 B000CRXCY2  Pentacle & Stars - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Very Nice Ring  Picture is a very good representation of the real thing. Looks nice and wears well. <end>  Lovely  I love this ring! I was a little worried about how long it would last on me (I seem to be a ring murderer) but it's going strong  no green! It's the perfect width for the design, which is exactly as noticable as I hoped it would be. <end>  Love the ring.  I love the ring and it looks just like the picture - very nice cause sometimes they don't!! AND I received it quickly! <end>
 B000CRXD3C  Frog Wrap - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Love this ring!  Love, love, love this ring! I bought it to match some other frog jewelry I own (earrings and necklace) and it was a wonderful match. Well made. The Japanese believe frogs to be good luck, and fortune frogs are meant to be a charm to ensure a safe trip home. This frog ring is a small subtle note of luck. <end>  pretty but delicate  Beautiful ring, but mine broke two weeks after I got it. The band is somewhat flimsy so be careful with it. <end>  fun frog  this was just the right gift for a frog loving family member! It was just the right fit and arrived in a very timely manner. <end>
 B000CRY3MM  Tinker Bell Pixie Room Disney Pin ||	  Great item  This is a great item and adds one more pin to the collection. A ++++++++ <end>
 B000CS6LZ8  Green Jade Simple "Fortune" Rectangle Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Very Nice, but.....  This pendant is very nice. Nice size, color, shape,...but! The gold lettering is put on with some cheap glue. It fell off after wearing for about two weeks. Nowhere to be found to re-glue on. <end>
 B000CSF208  Thread Earrings    THXS2SS    Medium Length, Sterling Silver ||	  These earrings look beautiful on the ear lobe  A neighbor of mine turned me on to these earrings...she had bought them on a visit to CA. They look beautiful on the ear...I ordered a pair for myself. Loved them so much I ordered 2 more pairs for my daughters for Christmas. Good value for price & compliments are a given <end>
 B000CSGZY0  Thread Earrings    THTSTSS    Medium Length with twisty ends, Sterling Silver ||	  Love Love Love!  These are my favorite earrings! Light, sparkly and well made... Highly recommended! The price is reasonable but the product is absolutely not cheap. <end>
 B000CSPJWY  Qlink EMF Protection Pendant - All New Design (Black) ||	  qlink emf protection pendent  i ordered the qlink after reading many favorable on line reviews. i have worn the pendant 24/7 for over five weeks now with no measurable improvement. i am going to keep the pendent even though is has a money back guarantee because i hope it will work some what with a prolonged usage.i would not recomend this to a friend <end>  about e-pendant  I dont know about the qlink but there is another e-stress pendant that didnt do anything it was claimed to be after wearing it for a year. <end>  Yes  Original review I like the concept, but I just received this today and it is a little plastic wafer with a copper coil embedded in the back. Looking at it closely, it probably cost less than $1 to manufacture. Definitely not the quality I was expecting. Hope it doesn't fall apart when I shower. I'll give it a try but feel silly wearing it for now.-Been wearing this 3 days and I do feel an improvement in my overall mood. Will update my review after further experience.Update, May 2010I can't explain or exactly put my finger on it, but this thing does something very good, and I wear it every day. It's kind of like half and half in your coffee, makes everything just a bit smoother. The construction quality far exceeds my original contempt, I apologize, and it is in new condition to this day. <end>  EITHER scam or legit  LOOK AT UPDATE 1/17/2010 BELOW LOOK AT UPDATE 1/17/2010 BELOW NOTE  I only tried the SRT2 version, not the SRT3.HOW I FOUND IT (eBay) I had heart palpitations and high blood pressure, and thought it was caused by parasites (upon reading about them). So I looked on eBay and found a formula sold by [seller]. I looked for other things he sold, and found he sold the qlink. I was skeptical about all the claims, SO I LOOKED HERE ON AMAZON and read all the reviews. Lies by the sellers? Could be. Legitimate? Perhaps.PERSONAL FINDINGS So I wanted to try it and see for myself. At first, it seemed to feel good for my heart wearing it, esp when sleeping, where the device stroked next to my heart. But I understand there's personal placebo effects. So I took it off to see what happens. I did feel a difference, but I conclude it's placebo. I tried it again and took it off again.... it's so hard to tell between placebo and not.WHY I THINK IT'S A SCAM Unfortunately, such items can easily exploit the placebo effects, and claim that it works. How do we really know it's not placebo or not?For one thing, the device disobeys electronic conventions. There is no battery, the circuits are not connected, and there looks like a isolated resistor in the middle that does nothing. They claim it uses quantum technology, but if that's true, how would we know?Well, since it claimed that it stopped EMFs, I tried to do a test the best way I know how. I placed it next to a WiFi access point and tried to see if it made the laptop reception worse. It didn't at all.I understand that some qlinks come with an EMF instrument. I never got it, and I don't know if it works.Anyhow, since I didn't know what else to test, I wanted to return it after months of trying it on.Long story short, I tried to return it, but seller never refunded the qlink and the feedback period closed on me, so I couldn't leave bad feedback.See that's the problem with such devices.... you test it out to see if it really works, but it takes like a month, in addition, you have school/work, so your mind is on other things, then the feedback gets closed. I think that's why [seller] and others have such a high feedback. Some people get fooled, and because [seller] is so nice, they leave a nice feedback. But when others try to return it, the feedback time gets closed on them after they try to test it.CONCLUSION I feel it doesn't work. Did I mess something? Perhaps, but more likely not. If you think I missed something, then please reply back and tell me. I'm very open but I don't want to be deceived and others to be deceived while the deceivers make millions.If you are unsure about this device, but after reading my review, still want to try it out, MAKE SURE YOU ORDER through ebay, and have a way to TEST it within like a week. If nothing happens, THEN RETURN IT and in 3 days or so report negative feedback, if they don't refund. BE STRICT or else you'll end up like me.UPDATE 1/17/2010 Recently, I took Electromagnetism in university physics, and found that current is ACTUALLY induced in a coil when the coil is rotated around in an magnetic field. This is FACT, and you can look it up. It's how electric generators produce electricity!So I decided to buy another qlink to give it a second chance. Eh, still didn't feel a difference, even after several months. But after going through the physics course, and after a bunch of negative ratings on my review, I've decided to write this update and change my ratings to 3 stars instead of 1 on all my reviews.In general, I don't like myself and others being deceived, and I HATE SCAMS and scammers getting rich, and so that's why I wrote the negative review to have buyers beware. (I gave a ONE star to balance out the POSSIBLY deceptive reviews).BUT if qlink ACTUALLY does help people, then qlink company should do a better job to PROVE to users that it works by allowing them to see things for themselves, rather than trying to convince us that it works. For example, I like the EMF finder device sold with the qlink on ebay. Also, qlink company SHOULD recommend ways to *prove* this device works... if feeling improvements doesn't reveal anything, like myself. Another way is for qlink company to find some stress test to perform and have the users feel the difference w/ and w/o the device. I know no best stress test to test.I am being honest, and if people don't value honesty in this world, then screw the world.-NVS <end>  Great product, needs something other than a cord  I purchased two, one for me and one for my husband. I put mine on a silver chain, he is still using the cord. This should come with a waterproof chain, especially for the price. <end>  C'mon, folks!!!  People, come ON!! This is totally bogus... the "amazing" thing is made of a zero ohm resistor/circuit, some wire and they are not even connected to each other!! There is no effect coming out of this thing, and for $90, you can buy some fine copper wire and a $0.005 zero ohm resistor and, presto! Wrap around your foolish head... You will get all of the (???) benefit, and have $89 left over to buy a nice towel to dry off your head after you soak it in the toilet to wake yourself up! Buy some cheap cayenne pepper capsules and take them regularly, they will actually provide an amazing benefit, and you will not be embarrassed and feel like a total imbecile after... unless you do not take them orally as recommended! <end>  Qlink  I believe the Qlink works. I had one for 5 years and it got damaged. I ordered another silver pendant and gave my black pendant to my son. He's not a believer yet. <end>  placebo affect???  bought 1 of these for the old lady, she swears by it, said that she felt a lot better and had more energy. she ended up getting me 1 for my birthday. i wore it for a couple of weeks straight, didnt really feel anything, and the next thing i knew, i was in the hospital with an pneumonia. while i do not think that this necklace caused my pneumonia, it did not prevent it. <end>  I noticed nothing  I purchased this item after wearing a friends for a couple days. After wearing hers I did feel a difference, I started to feel more energy. But, I argued that it might have been the placebo effect.When I received this one for myself - I felt nothing.I see other protection products that claim to genuinely work selling for 4-5k, I would be skeptical of those much less this less than $100 version.Just an honest review - take it or leave it. <end>  Not a scam! Haven't got a cold in 15 months!  I know to some people this necklace may sound like a load of garbage but for me it works. I bough one of these 15 months ago and I never take it off because I work in front of computers all the time and also carry a cell phone. No matter your profession, we are all exposed to EMF's from just about anything that runs off electricity (television, computer, cell phones, alarm clock, wireless networking equipment, etc.,).The government tells us we are safe from it all, but when was the last time you could trust the government for the truth. Anyway, there is no 15 month placebo effect and it's not like I sit around and think about how great my Qlink is everyday. In fact I never think about it to be honest. The one thing the Qlink has done for me is that I have not been sick since I started wearing it. That's right, no common colds for 15 months. Before wearing my Qlink I would get sick at least twice if not three or four times a year. I can't begin to tell you how nice it is to not have been sick in so long!If you care to know why, it's quite simple really. EMF's mess up your body's natural frequency. This can cause multiple health issues, but one of them is that your white bloods cells become mutated and inefficient. The Qlink aides in making your body's EMF stronger. This will protect you from harmful EMF's and will allow your white blood cells to stay healthy, which just so happen to be your immune systems first line of defense. I admit that perhaps I am a minority when it comes to the effects on my immune system, but I know the Qlink made the difference.[...](P.S.)I know this necklace is peddled to golfers, I can't attest to those claims but the overall health benefits are well worth the money, plus there is a lifetime warranty! <end>  Good Experience with QLink  This is day 3 of wearing my QLink SRT-3 Pendant, and I have had a noticeable (yet also subtle) change in my energy levels. It is hard to describe, but the best way I can come up with now is that I feel more solid and grounded then I did before having the Q Link. I have been wearing to sleep the past 2 nights as well and have slept well, but with some vivid dreams, so I don't know if that has anything to do with wearing the pendant or not, but I generally feel just more positive energy around me in general. I feel like before wearing it that there could be some sort of energy-leakages, probably due to constant exposure to EMF /Wi-fi/Cell-phone/Microwave/environmental and ambient interference which is constantly around all of us all the time in this modern world, and I feel like the QLink has helped to stoppage the leaks and it actually has helped to buffer things that make me feel stressed. Don't get me wrong here, it hasn't solved all of my life's problems, but I feel like I have a stronger foundation to do my daily-life activities from while wearing it. I highly recommend it at this point to anyone considering buying one, $90-120 is a lot of money for such a small item, but after my first 3 days of wearing one, I feel that it is well worth it, just wish I had some extra money to buy them for family members too. <end>  Save your money  Placebo effect. No difference whatsoever, and the manufacturer doesn't honor their 90-day return "guarantee"; I actually tried reaching them.Now that I am stuck with this thing, I wear it every other day or so "for fun". For the past 6 months, never had I felt any difference.I agree with other reviewers that you are just getting a piece of copper wire in a plastic box with a shoelace.What's up with reviews telling us how this little plastic box fixes all their problems? What's up with overwhelming number of people marking them as "helpful"? I guess I will just remove my review to let people waste their money in peace. <end>  Qlink Does work!  This is a precious gift that I made to myself. I wear it for less than a month but I started seeing results  I smoke & drink less, I have no problems keeping calm in most situations, my driving (on the golf course and at the wheel) is very stable. Last but not least; my ability to stay phocused has almost doubled.I am so happy with my Qlink pendant that I "complimented" it with an 18 carat gold chain. <end>  Helpful little pendant  My daughter's personal experience with this pendant, which was a gift, has been positive. She is very sensitive to weather changes, like lightening storms for example, and she feels wearing the necklace has eased those symptoms. But she can only speak for herself. <end>  So far so good  I've been wearing the pendant for almost a month now and have noticed an increased ability to handle stress. I have no clue how this thing works, but it definitely seems to be doing the trick.I wore the original q-link pendant for years and lost it for a few months when I did a move. This one really does seem to work better than the original for stress reduction. <end>  Smells like scam, BUT, could be genuine.  LOOK AT UPDATE 1/17/2010 BELOW LOOK AT UPDATE 1/17/2010 BELOW NOTE  I only tried the SRT2 version, not the SRT3.HOW I FOUND IT (eBay) I had heart palpitations and high blood pressure, and thought it was caused by parasites (upon reading about them). So I looked on eBay and found a formula sold by [seller]. I looked for other things he sold, and found he sold the qlink. I was skeptical about all the claims, SO I LOOKED HERE ON AMAZON and read all the reviews. Lies by the sellers? Could be. Legitimate? Perhaps.PERSONAL FINDINGS So I wanted to try it and see for myself. At first, it seemed to feel good for my heart wearing it, esp when sleeping, where the device stroked next to my heart. But I understand there's personal placebo effects. So I took it off to see what happens. I did feel a difference, but I conclude it's placebo. I tried it again and took it off again.... it's so hard to tell between placebo and not.WHY I THINK IT'S A SCAM Unfortunately, such items can easily exploit the placebo effects, and claim that it works. How do we really know it's not placebo or not?For one thing, the device disobeys electronic conventions. There is no battery, the circuits are not connected, and there looks like a isolated resistor in the middle that does nothing. They claim it uses quantum technology, but if that's true, how would we know?Well, since it claimed that it stopped EMFs, I tried to do a test the best way I know how. I placed it next to a WiFi access point and tried to see if it made the laptop reception worse. It didn't at all.I understand that some qlinks come with an EMF instrument. I never got it, and I don't know if it works.Anyhow, since I didn't know what else to test, I wanted to return it after months of trying it on.Long story short, I tried to return it, but seller never refunded the qlink and the feedback period closed on me, so I couldn't leave bad feedback.See that's the problem with such devices.... you test it out to see if it really works, but it takes like a month, in addition, you have school/work, so your mind is on other things, then the feedback gets closed. I think that's why [seller] and others have such a high feedback. Some people get fooled, and because [seller] is so nice, they leave a nice feedback. But when others try to return it, the feedback time gets closed on them after they try to test it.CONCLUSION I feel it doesn't work. Did I mess something? Perhaps, but more likely not. If you think I missed something, then please reply back and tell me. I'm very open but I don't want to be deceived and others to be deceived while the deceivers make millions.If you are unsure about this device, but after reading my review, still want to try it out, MAKE SURE YOU ORDER through ebay, and have a way to TEST it within like a week. If nothing happens, THEN RETURN IT and in 3 days or so report negative feedback, if they don't refund. BE STRICT or else you'll end up like me.UPDATE 1/17/2010 Recently, I took Electromagnetism in university physics, and found that current is ACTUALLY induced in a coil when the coil is rotated around in an magnetic field. This is FACT, and you can look it up. It's how electric generators produce electricity!So I decided to buy another qlink to give it a second chance. Eh, still didn't feel a difference, even after several months. But after going through the physics course, and after a bunch of negative ratings on my review, I've decided to write this update and change my ratings to 3 stars instead of 1 on all my reviews.In general, I don't like myself and others being deceived, and I HATE SCAMS and scammers getting rich, and so that's why I wrote the negative review to have buyers beware. (I gave a ONE star to balance out the POSSIBLY deceptive reviews).BUT if qlink ACTUALLY does help people, then qlink company should do a better job to PROVE to users that it works by allowing them to see things for themselves, rather than trying to convince us that it works. For example, I like the EMF finder device sold with the qlink on ebay. Also, qlink company SHOULD recommend ways to *prove* this device works... if feeling improvements doesn't reveal anything, like myself. Another way is for qlink company to find some stress test to perform and have the users feel the difference w/ and w/o the device. I know no best stress test to test.I am being honest, and if people don't value honesty in this world, then screw the world.-NVS <end>  Don' t let your preconceptions dissuade you  I first purchased a Q-Link SRT3 in February 2008 and would like to give you my impressions after nearly 3 years of use. I had always been in good health until some surgery 3 years ago. After the recovery period I was still feeling lousy- general fatigue and more problematic were headaches 2-3 times per week. Visits to different doctors revealed nothing. I'm not one given to somatization so I started looking for other factors that might be influencing my health. To make a long story short, I ended up purchasing a Q-Link SRT3. Within a couple days, I was feeling more invigorated and nearly 3 years later still do. My previously frequent headaches now occur once every 3 months. Needless to say, I'll keep using the Q-Link.What prompted me to write this review is the number of negative of negative comments regarding the Q-Link and other similar devices. These negative reviews are based on either the idea that since biofields cannot be objectively measured they must not exist, or since the nay-sayer cannot comprehend how a device like a Q-Link might work it must be quackery or placebo. Such remarks remind me of the critics of scientists like Semmelweis, Lister, Fleming, Koch, etc. who later had to revise their belief when the experimental hypotheses were proven.Biofields are known to exist, as do other electromagnetic fields. Even in the electronics field, crystals are being employed to alter how one experiences music reproduction. It was my experience in this area that caused me to consider Clarus' claims about the Q-Link. While the jury may still be out on how these devices work, the existing research indicates that they do work and are being used by many people.Will the Q-Link have positive effects on everyone who tries it? Of course not. Just like established medical devices or medications, there are those who do not respond to them. But Q-Link it honest enough to offer a 90-day trial, so one has nothing to lose, except feeling poorly as I did. <end>  Good intro to personal EMF Protection  I feel like this pendant is good for someone who doesn't know any better, but if you want the best of the best, go elsewhere. My first pendant was the E-Pendant from Ewater. It was absolutely incredible. So balancing. Unfortunately, I lost it, and got this Q-Link as a replacement. While good, it's not great like the E-Pendant is/was. I ended up re-buying the E-Pendant again.I know Q-Link makes more expensive pendants, and maybe those are more powerful, but this energy just doesn't feel nearly as powerful as the one from the other company. I hate to write a review comparing 2 different models, but that's all I know. I think for your money, you should head over to Ewater and take a look at theirs. I'm sure you'll be happy if you do. <end>  Q-Link Works!!!  My husband (who's account I'm using) is weather sensitive. He has always had terrible headaches and feels tremendous pressure on his head whenever it rains, is cloudy or there are pressure changes in the weather.I was searching for an ionizer, in hopes of helping him deal with his weather sensitivities, when a wonderful lady in Colorado told me about the Q-Link. I had never heard of it and was of course very skeptical of the product.We paid [...] for two Q-Links and we weren't disappointed. I wear one and my husband wears one. I don't have the same sensitivity he does. However, I spend a great deal of time in front of my computer screen and I've noticed a slight difference, since wearing the Q-Link. I feel much more calm and less frazzled. It's easy to see why these are very popular among golfers.I can also see this being a useful product for those who use BlueTooth or talk on the cell phone a great deal. People are just now starting to become aware of the harmful effects of EMF radiation.If you experience weather sensitivity and simply can't deal with cloudy, dreary days and rain, do try the Q-Link. It can change your life. You have nothing to lose since Amazon has a terrific return policy and everything to gain.Review by Annette M. Hall[...] <end>  Relieves severe pain in 24 hours.  I have been sick with several viruses and an autoimmune deficiency for 2 years so I have a ton of symptoms. One that disturbed me was a sharp pain in my skull or neck that felt like an ice pick and seemed to have a pulse to it. I had it for months. Intuitively I felt increased cell phone activity was making me stupid as I watched cell phone use and population density increase in my already dense neighborhood of Brooklyn NY. I also noticed people getting dumber, walking into traffic a lot and seeming to be half asleep or out of it. My own memory has been failing and I was not sure if it was age or illness but I was complaining about EMF for months without knowing it existed.I finally scheduled neurological testing for the pain and memory. The pain often occurred every 10 seconds and was bad enough to make me wince visibly. Before the appointment I learned about EMF and a healer recommended a Tesla Watch. I have ADHD and would never remember to take the $200 watch off in the tub so I got the waterproof QLink.Within 24 hours the head pain stopped. My memory, mood and energy have improved but it may be other factors in my health program so I won't credit the pendant but the removal of this pain was immediate and dramatic. It has been gone for months now. <end>  Undecided  If the pendant helps with anything, I don't know what it is for me. Have been wearing it for almost 3 months now ... and haven't noticed any physical or psychological changes in the way I feel as of yet. <end>  This is a must have! Trust me!  This is one of the best investments I have ever made. The Q-link works as claimed. I always take care of myself, keep in good shape, eat healthy, and in general keep myself healthy. So i figure this would aid to anything i would do but since I'm so healthy and in good shape i wouldn't feel much different. And it was so for the fist 3 days, after that I've increasingly started to feel with a lot more energy, its amazing how better focused i am. The interesting thing is, that after feeling like this is that i realized i was actually used to the little pains and to feel no so good in general (feelings like that became normal over time) and now is that i realize it because i feel so good now.Even if I have a few social drinks now, I don't get hangovers at all when i always did, and feel completely ok. My appetite has reduced and i feel its normal, I'm leaner and have lost a few pounds in less than a month, I dont need coffe in the morning anymore, im virtually stress free. In general, this is been a big plus in everything i do in my day life, even when im sleeping i sleep and rest so much better. It surpassed my expectations... <end>  Don't let your preconceptions dissuade you  I first purchased a Q-Link SRT3 in February 2008 and would like to give you my impressions after nearly 3 years of use. I had always been in good health until some surgery 3 years ago. After the recovery period I was still feeling lousy- general fatigue and more problematic were headaches 2-3 times per week. Visits to different doctors revealed nothing. I'm not one given to somatization so I started looking for other factors that might be influencing my health. To make a long story short, I ended up purchasing a Q-Link SRT3. Within a couple days, I was feeling more invigorated and nearly 3 years later still do. My previously frequent headaches now occur once every 3 months. Needless to say, I'll keep using the Q-Link.What prompted me to write this review is the number of negative of negative comments regarding the Q-Link and other similar devices. These negative reviews are based on either the idea that since biofields cannot be objectively measured they must not exist, or since the nay-sayer cannot comprehend how a device like a Q-Link might work it must be quackery or placebo. Such remarks remind me of the critics of scientists like Semmelweis, Lister, Fleming, Koch, etc. who later had to revise their belief when the experimental hypotheses were proven.Biofields are known to exist, as do other electromagnetic fields. Even in the electronics field, crystals are being employed to alter how one experiences music reproduction. It was my experience in this area that caused me to consider Clarus' claims about the Q-Link. While the jury is still on how these devices work, it is pretty clear that they do work and are being used by many people. It is unclear whether these type devices alter the electronics or the listener. Technological advances may answer this question one day.Will the Q-Link have positive effects on everyone who tries it? Of course not. Just like established medical devices or medications, there are those who do not respond to them. But Q-Link it honest enough to offer a 90-day trial, so one has nothing to lose, except feeling poorly as I did. <end>  Q-LINK PENDANT  Q-Link Pendant with SRT-3 (Black) - New DesignThis was for my husband for Christmas,he wears it all the time.He said it helps with all the pains in his body. <end>  works for me, but don't expect miracles  The pendent supposedly increases your aura (they call it biometric field?), which in turn may help sheild out negative EMF radiation as well as improve other things in your life which is inherent with having a larger aura (like being a little more confident). If this is true, then a potential issue is that this pendent may or may not work for all people and may work differently for different people as people that already have large auras and are relatively healthy are probably not going to see a whole lot of improvement. Similarly, people with a lot of negative areas in their aura or negative karma, might possibly increase some of the negativity in their lives.I also question why this pendent is so expensive. While I don't know what it takes to make the SRT-3 chip, I can hardly imagine that with mass production this pendent should cost more than $20. What does it have in there, a pentium computer chip?And as long as they keep the science behind this proprietory, people are always going to question whether this pendent is quackery or if the results are the result of a placebo. For example, is this device nothing more than an orgone device? Orgone energy is supposedly concentrated via a hexegon (6 sided device). While this is not strictly a hexegon, it does have 6 sides, and also has copper in it. If this is truely a simple orgone device, then there are much more cheaper devices than this (I suspect this isn't however, based on my personal experience of this device... but still you have to wonder).Many golfers use this to supposedly increase their "game". And with golf, you have to be in the zone (meaning having confidence in what you are doing), to score your best.I did personally notice a difference when first putting the q-link pendent on and also did notice that I seemed to have more energy. Although it did not improve my performance on video games, it did seem to improve my stamina and possibly luck as well (another plus with having a large aura). Mind you the improvement wasn't mind blowing, but there is definately something there.Just out of curiosity I did look at the device using etheric vision to see what was happening. It appears that the copper coils absorb etheric (orgone) energy. This absorbtion is exponential the closer you get to your body with this pendent. It seems to send out pulses of something, especially at the 3 cornders of the pendent. Seems to also generate some sort of sound (on the etheric). Based on what I read about SRT technology  http //www.toolsforwellness.com/et310.html, it's probably what they say about it, is true. However, I do not know whether or not this absorbtion on the ether of your body is healthy or not. Your body supposed generates etheric energy constantly, but still.... Maybe putting an orgone device in front of this pendent will help its power, as well as putting it in a hexegon shape? <end>  How it works.  In reference to the review prior, the qlink does not block but rather nuetralizesthe EMF. Find someone who can muscle test you wearing the qlink and with it off.If you are strengthened by it you know that it is working. <end>
 B000CSWFX0  Mother of Pearl Hand-Carved Butterfly Pendant on Leather Cord Necklace ||	  Beautiful but flimsy  The butterfly is truly beautiful, but it attached to the leather cord necklace by a flimsy piece of wire. The wire broke upon the third time wearing it. It is repairable with some jewelry wire or an actual clasp. <end>
 B000DLB4YM  Connected Heart Necklace in 14K Two-Tone Gold ||	  Cute  My wife enjoyed this item. It looks exactly like the photograph. she wore it to sleep and eventually the chain seperated from one of the hearts. Needs substantial construction/connection between the chain and the hearts. <end>
 B000DN8CJ0  White Mother Of Pearl Small Centered Cross Pandant, 14k Gold ||	  VERY SMALL CROSS  I was surprised when this arrived how very tiny it is. it is lovely - just much smaller than I had expected. <end>
 B000DN8CJA  Green Jade Enclosed Dragon Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Very beautiful pendant  I have just received this pendant and I find it gorgeous. Very delicate, very sober yet it makes a statement. I agree with the second reviewer that the size is perfect as it is. Perfect for a woman's neck. The design of the dragon is intricate and the jade is a very beautiful shade of green and nicely carved. Very beautiful indeed. I'm also satisfied with the service of the seller, though of course, the pendant is new to tell whether it will stand the test of time. <end>  Looks are deceiving.  When I received the pendant I was not happy with the fact that it was so small. I can hardly see the dragon. It was a lot of money for what I got but had to keep it since I had no time to get another piece of jewelry. <end>  Perfect for a small omega chain  This is small but well defined. It fits perfectly on a smaller omega chain and feels good against your neck. I love dragons and this is perfect for me. <end>
 B000DT8DVG  Green Jade Mini Lucky Elephant Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Cute Earrings  Got these for my daughter as a gift and they are so cute and she loves them. They are well made and very detailed. They are very small though. <end>
 B000E1B5TK  Sterling Post White Mother of Pearl Post Earrings ||	  Nice but....  Nice pair but not as concave as shown but pretty flat MOP. Also, the post was short and thin. The posts need to be long for a secure pair of earrings. <end>
 B000E1PJT2  Beautiful! Pendant/necklace Sterling-silver Kokopelli with Italian Made Box Chain ||	  Better than pictured!  The necklace was much nicer than it is pictured in the ad. I was exceptionally pleased when it arrived. I have seen similar items sell for considerably more. Service was great; item arrived quickly well packed and in great shape. Way to go! <end>
 B000E3UF62  Sterling Silver Black Rose Pave CZ Cocktail Ring ||	  Antique Look  This is a beautiful ring. It's looks expensive too and goes well with the most classiest of dresses. The only problem is the middle. It's not too sturdy. <end>  Black rose beaming  It's such a dainty and mysterious cocktail ring ! It's excatly the size, design and color I was looking for, and the price is also very practical when compared to high fashion designer prices of the similar design. Perfect for Valentine's and that very special date  ) <end>  Love it!  I absolutely love this ring - great quality and exactly the size, shade and weight I was hoping for!  ) <end>
 B000E3YQ6C  SCBR020 Sterling Silver Pink and Green Jade Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful!  This bracelet is much more beautiful in person than on paper. The crystals between the glass beads are beautiful and sparkle in the sun and under light. The colors are magnificent! <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  This bracelet is beautiful. I bought it for my mother-in-law for her birthday and she just loved it. <end>  Where is my bracelet?!?  umm...I can't honestly write a review for the bracelet...But I can write a review about the company. WHY? Well, I ordered this bracelet almost TWO WEEKS AGO and I still haven't received it. I keep looking at the tracker and it STILL says "Has been processed in Charlotte, NC. Further updates will show up at the end of the day". Something along those lines. Now...That has been saying that since the 15th. There's no holiday this week right? No reason for the delay... I have ordered 4 or 5 things from amazon few days after I ordered this bracelet, and I have already received those items yesterday...What is taking so long? I'm about to be like forget it, I don't want it anymore, just give me my money back. <end>  Charmed bracelet  I wouldn't use this bracelet as a charm bracelet as it is lovely as it is. Paired with the earrings that match the crystals, this makes a very nice gift set. It is small and feminine, not clunky, and I enjoy it just as it is. <end>  Gorgeous!!  This bracelet is gorgeous!!! The picture is good but it looks even better in person. You won't be sorry. <end>  Good quality  Good quality product. Purchased for myself. Pay attention to the size in description as it is a bit smaller than the 'look' in the picture. The colours are preety and it a very unique piece. <end>  Given as a Birthday Gift  My husband and I gave the Sterling Silver Pink & Green Swarovski Crystal 7.5 (true to size) bracelet to our friend for her "birthday" and we felt very comfortable giving her this gift because the bracelet is so beautiful and she just loved it. Dottie - Leesburg, FL <end>
 B000E3YW5M  Sterling Silver Clear AB Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Crystal delight  Would have given this five stars,but had to send back for a larger one..I am a size seven wrist,but since there is so many stones, and supreme,may i say,beautiful closure to boot..Such sparkle..It is amazing,but the dealer sent me another,and i could not be happier..This is a true keeper.. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  This one is a winner. My wife loves it. It is nicer than I expected and a great piece of jewelry. <end>  Beautiful cluster clear swarovski crystal bracelet  I have been wanting this clear crystal bracelet for a long time, but I hesitated, not because I didn't want it, but because I worried about money, but I am glad I bought it, I LOVE IT! I would buy it again and again and not only that, it's something you can wear anywhere and enjoy. I also like other Gem Avenue's Jewely, but this is my favorite, it's beautiful, as well as affordable, I am so glad I bought it!! <end>  nice bracelet  it is a nice bracelet, but i can't really tell this is the Swarovski Crystals or some cheap glass bracelet i can buy from flea market for just $2. <end>  I Love it  I love the bracelet and as other reviews say, it always attracts positive comments. I have received compliments every time I wore it.You can wear it with jeans or with formal wear. It seems to stand out no matter what colors I wear, and even picks up the color in the bracelet.Well made. I bought a safety clasp on ebay to assure I will not lose it. <end>  Rainbows!  My mom really loved this bracelet - she says it makes rainbows all over the house. <end>  Circle of light delights  This is a very nice bracelet! Simple, sparkles with crystals mostly clear in color with highlights of delicate crystal accents. I would not use it as a charm bracelet by choice, but it is simple enough that those who wish to add charms could do so without overwhelming the crystal simplicity of this bracelet. <end>  beautiful  This bracelet sparkles and looks beautiful. I plan on wearing it to my daughter's wedding with the earrings and bracelet. <end>  Great gift  I sent this gift to a friend for her birthday and she loved it. <end>  Amazing  I offered this bracelet to my girlfriend and not only she loved it but also all her friends have been asking her were she bought it and some people on the street even offered her money for it. Great gift for any woman! <end>
 B000E4AEXU  Sterling Silver Open Heart Ear Cuff ||	  Nice to look at  I received this ear cuff and it looked just as it was described. But it bends very easily and isn't that comfortable to wear. <end>  I quite like it  I just received this cuff today, and have worn it for an afternoon. It is just what I want, a beautiful little thing. You can easily bend it a little bit to fit your ear. It just stayed there without falling off. Most of the time, I cannot feel there is a thing on my ear. So light and comfortable. My friend said it looks cute. <end>
 B000E4AEY4  Tiger Eye and Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Sterling Tigereye earrings  I am very pleased with them, the quality and workmanship is excellent.Delivery was quick and well done. I would buy from them again. <end>
 B000E4ARE6  Sterling Silver Double Teardrop Pendant, 18" ||	  Chain looks cheap  I really liked this necklace based on the picture so I decided to buy it. Now that I have it in front of me I am not as impressed (it looks kind of cheap - particularly the chain). I would say it's overpriced at $30. Value-wise, I'd put it at $15 <end>  great purchase  we sent this necklace to our daughter. It arrived actually earlier than anticipated and she just loves it. What a great company to deal with <end>  never recieved item  i ordered this item over a month ago and have still never received it. <end>
 B000E4AREQ  Sterling Silver Sculpted Open Square Dangle Earrings ||	  Style and shine  I had wanted these earrings for a very long time to match the necklace,Sterling Silver Sculpted Open Square Pendant, 18", that I had bought previously. Thankfully I have some wonderful friends that sent them to me for my birthday. The earrings are just as nice and solid as the pendant and worn together the set looks great. I do like that the shape is a bit unusual, people notice it and that's nice too.*I posted a picture of how they look. <end>  Caution  Get the plastic backings!  I wish I had read J. Littlefield's comment about the plastic backings a month or more ago! I ordered these earrings and on the very first day I wore them, I lost one of them. I was angry with myself because earlier in the day, a colleague mentioned to me that the earrings looked as though they were starting to work their way out of my lobes, but I was quite busy and just pushed them back on. However, by the end of the day, one of the earrings was gone. I tried backtracking my steps, but didn't find it. What a waste! The earrings themselves, however, are quite nice and I'm considering re-ordering the pair. But I won't wear them until I get some of those plastic backings to hold them in place. <end>  Love the Understated Artsy Style  I got these earrings for Christmas and love their understated, artsy style. The only reason I gave them a four instead of a five is because they didn't come with those little plastic backings that most dangle earrings have. I doubt they're going to fall out, but I feel more secure when my earrings have the backings anyway. <end>  Very Nice!  I bought set of these earrings and necklace as a gift for my daughter-in-law. They were just beautiful and very nice in quality. <end>
 B000E4C8BG  Sterling Silver Butterfly Design Pendant, 18" ||	  Sterling Silver Butterfly Design Pendant, 18"  Nice item. The person I gave it to as a gift loved it. <end>  Love it!  Beautiful and unique. It is a nice size, very visible. One of my favorite everyday pieces. I would highly recommend. <end>  Nice as a Christmas present  Arrived quickly and in good shape. I gave it to my wife as a Christmas gift. She is wearing it now and likes it very much. Good size, too. <end>  Pretty, but feels cheap  I chose 2 stars for my rating because I bought this to give to my sister as a gift and unfortunately it just feels too cheap to give it to her. I put it on myself and it is pretty - would be good for someone who likes bigger proportions/sizes in their jewelry (not particularly delicate). And I would recommend it to you if you think it is pretty, you need a silver every day kind of necklace and you are going to be wearing it yourself. Unfortunately, as a gift, it just comes across as a cheap necklace - when you hold it in your hand the medallion and the chain make a tin-like sound against each other and the under-side of the medallion is hollow and not smooth. Again, it is pretty when it is on and the quality can be kept as your little secret if you don't mind. <end>  sterling silver butterfly pendant  I love the design inside of the circle. I love that the butterfly is camofloged within the pendant. You have to get one for yourself <end>  Just ok, not very impressive  I thought the bale was too simple, could have been better, too light weight for the pendant, should have been better. <end>  great piece!  Bought this as a gift for a friend, and it was better than I had expected. Some of the reviews said it was cheesy, however I loved it. My friend wears it all the time and she loves it too. <end>  Very nice  This is a nice pendant. It seems to be a good quality and is not too heavy. The chain that comes with it is a snake chain with a good clasp. It is 18" I think. I will want a longer chain with this pendant but I will use this chain with smaller pendants. Good value. <end>  Very nice necklace  This butterfly pendant is very nice. When it arrived in the pretty blue box inside a pretty blue velvet bag, I was hoping it was going to look as nice as I was anticipating. It was! It's shiny and the butterfly design is unique but as another reviewer noted, it kinda looks like a flower. It's still an attractive piece no matter what the design is you see. The size of the pendant is perfect. No to big or small. The chain is decent but unsure how long it will actually hold up. Overall, I am very happy with this pendant and chain. <end>  sharp  I would have to qualify this review with "for the money". I paid a reasonable price for the piece that I received, and my wife seems very happy with it. High quality for the price range, and the wife was happy, a win. But, obviously from "that" price range. <end>  Gorgeous, Quality Necklace  I got this as a gift for my sister. She loved it. It's a little larger than I expected (about the size of a silver dollar) but very pretty. She's gotten tons of compliments on it. It's very different from most jewelry you see out there. The chain and pendant are very high quality. <end>  Better than I expected  Just received the necklace today and I am MORE than happy with it. It arrived quickly and the packaging is fantastic! It came in a little blue box and in a blue velvet bag...very niceThe necklace is good quaility and has a great shine to it. I might just have to order one for myself after xmas...this one is a present <end>  Beautiful signature piece  I got the necklace and immediately put it on, and have received compliments from men and women. It's a very modern and different piece that should go with just about every style, and it dresses up almost anything.The necklace is very light, bright silver (someone called it "very new looking"). It would be amazing on luminous skin. As other customers have stated, the pendant is large - the size of a 50-cent piece - and sturdy. The chain is serpentine and delicate, and probably prone to damage. I imagine it will eventually have to be replaced, especially if I continue to wear it as much as I have.Overall, a fabulous accessory. <end>  The compliments will never end!  I purchased this item because I simply had to have it for myself. I have not stop getting compliments on it since I got it. Trust me when I say that for the money this piece is a real stunner. You'll be suprised how many people stare in awe and give you compliments on this beautiful piece. <end>  Butterfly Pendant  My girlfriend will not take this off ;). Very nice sturdy quality with a decent chain. You will be happy with this item! <end>  Sterling Silver pendant  I love this piece!! It is a beautiful quality and design....It is lightweight and will look good with anything you wear. <end>  Stands out  This necklace is beautiful and I receive so many compliments. Take note that it is relatively large for a pendant (about the size of a silver dollar), so get this if you want something that stands out. If you're looking for something small and discreet, this is not it. I LOVE the size and look of it though -- exactly what I wanted. <end>  My GF loves it!  I bought this as a Gold Box deal, so I got it at a low enough price that I can't actually even recall what it was. It is everything I expected it to be, and my girlfriend wears it very very often. It looks really good against her fairly pale skin. It's a very nice size and design for her small and somewhat delicate frame, and the length of the chain is perfect to make it hang high enough that it isn't right in her cleavage - which can be a disconcerting place for shiny pendants to settle since women don't tend to like it when men stare at that particular spot, while shiny objects do tend to draw the eye. Was that last part too crass? If so, sorry, but such details are important, IMHO. <end>  Beautiful!  The lady for whom I purchased this as a gift says it is her very favorite piece of jewelry. Can't ask much more than that. <end>  pendant not round  I received this pendant today. The chain is nice and the lustre is decent, but there is one segment of the outer ring that is flat, not curved - so the circle looks like it has a big dent in it. This is so strange looking it is very distracting. Even though it was inexpensive, it looks so bad I think most people would rather receive nothing than this as a gift. I will be returning it. <end>  great value!  This necklace is beautiful! I get lots of compliments on it. The chain is very sturdy, and the pendant is very nice too. It can also be confused for a flower, which is ok too! Now I've got to find myself some matching earrings!! <end>  Great Necklace  I bought this necklace about a year ago, and just as great as everyone has said it is, it still is. I wear it probably on average 3 days a week and often forget to take it off at night, and it has never broken or shown wear. The butterfly is not too little girlish looking, and the size of the pendent (about the size of a half dollar) is not a big deal either, in fact, I wouldn't want it any other way.I have gotten so many compliments on this necklace as well as many others I have bought from Amazon, and the common denominator is the amazon collection. The jewelry the amazon collection puts out are great quality and hasn't disappointed me yet! <end>  Good Value  Gifted to my girl friend who likes it very much. Great value for the price and design. <end>  Sterling Silver Butterfly Design Pendant, 18"  Beautiful, interesting necklace that can be used for dress or casual. Just the right length for many tops and sweaters, not too long or tight. <end>  Excellent  Got lots of compliments on this necklace. People think it is more expensive that it really is. <end>  Nice-  A large enough piece to be well worth the money, a small enough piece to feel delicate. The chain is great quality. The center piece balances size with class. Timeless. My sister-in-law is not a jewelry girl, but she loved it and it looked great on her. A very versatile piece of jewelry. <end>  Very pretty!  I bought this for myself and think it is just lovely. I get compliments all the time and find it to be the perfect size. Not too small so you can't tell what it is, but not too big that it looks gaudy or tacky. Very nice quality, not too thin. I thought maybe it'd be so thin I'd accidentally bend it or break it, but no. It's perfect and I highly recommend it. <end>  Better than I expected  I ordered this for my 11 yr old daughter for Xmas. It was prettier and bigger than I expected (even though I read the size specs). For the price I think it's a perfect gift. <end>  Shiny and cute  When the necklace arrived, it came in a generic sized blue pouch and box. But the necklace itself is quite small, and looked tiny in the box. Luckily you can use another box or jewelry pouch if you're actually gifting this item so that it looks better as a gift, and the person receiving it isn't disappointed by such a tiny and lightweight thing in such a large box. The necklace itself is quite nice considering the price. It's very shiny and the chain is smooth, everything is as described in the item description. This is more of a stocking stuffer gift (or a gift for a child) than a large gift or something to really "wow" someone. <end>  Nice  I like this necklace, the charm is pretty. The chain is nothing special and the clasp get knotted on my hair and pulls it out which pretty annoying. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  The necklace is beautiful and shiny. It is a great gift for yourself or someone else. The only problem I had was that my hair kept getting caught in the chain when I wore it. <end>  nice  i like it when i saw it online. and my girlfriend likes it when she wears it.so i would recommend this product to other customers. <end>  little to large  very nice neclace, arrive on time in good condition in a nice velvet pouch. but make sure you check the dimensions on the product before you purchase it was much larger than what i thought but the girl it was for still loved it. <end>  Very happy with necklace  This was purchased as a gift and the recipient LOVED it. It is larger than it looks online. Makes a great gift! <end>  Nice looking  I'm very pleased with this necklace. Its not to big and not to small. The butterfly design is nice looking and it is a good quality necklace. <end>  Looked cheap  Okay, it was cheap, but it looked cheaper than I expected. Luckily, I don't really like the person I bought it for. It might be nice for a child or someone who likes odd butterfly designs a lot. The chain was short, but I'll take responsibility for being too lazy to get my tape measure out. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  The necklace is lovely. It arrived soon after purchase in a handsome velvet case. Quite a bargain. <end>  Sterling Silver Butterfly Design Pendant, 18"  Good quality , but looks more bigger that really is , and is not a very heavy silver product , but its ok <end>  Sterling Silver Butterfly Design Pendant, 18"  The service was prompt and the product was in great condition.Thanks!R. Caspers5 out of 5 stars... <end>  She loves this one!  Got several silver peices, but this is the one she loves! thx <end>  Sterling Silver Butterfly 18" pendant  Very nice. Chain is not thin at all and very high quality, and so is the pendant. My wife loves it for everyday use. Highly recomended. <end>  Pretty necklace  I bought this as a present for a friend, it looks exactly as shown in the picture and it is a beautiful necklace. <end>  Beautiful  this is a very shiny, girly pendant. It hangs at just the perfect length, and I've gotten many compliments on it. The diameter is JUST over an inch. <end>  Lovely and Elegant  This is a beautiful and delicate necklace I purchased for my wife as a gift. She loves it. It is light and can be worn as a trendy or elegant piece. I really like the chain, it is sturdy and neither the pendent nor the chain tarnish easily. The pendent is about the size of a quarter so it isn't gaudy. The velvet pouch it comes in is a nice touch. I would recommend this as a gift, however, keep in mind that it is sterling silver so if the person you are giving the gift to has expensive rather than sentimental tastes, this may not be enough to satisfy. <end>  Thnx sis!  I got this today, as a gift from my younger sister. I was totally not expecting jewelry. It is so unique..and pretty ;) She got me this necklace, because in the past i was in love with butterflies...this does not look like a butterfly to me really...but i love the design--it's such an interesting style..Thnx sis (Ashley), for such a thoughtful and wonderful present. <end>  show stopper  This is perfect everyday necklace that will attract alot attention. Quality piece of silver. <end>  Stunning~It looks even better in person~High Quality.  I got this for a friends birthday early in next year when I saw it personal picks for me. It is so delicate and smooth. The chain is like liquid. Just holding in your hand you can tell it is worth more than the selling price.It comes in a dark navy blue drawstring bag in a nice black cotton lined gift box. It is going to make a fantastic gift. It's so nice it's going to be hard to let it go but I will because it's just perfect for my friend.You will not be disappointed with this necklace. <end>  Lovely Pendant  This pendant is very pretty and is a nice size. I bought a black cord to hang it on, but the silver chain it came with is very nice too! <end>  Beautiful butterfly pendant  The pendant is beautiful. I get many complements on how striking it is. It is very delicate yet strong. The sterling silver is brilliant and the open design creates a simple and gorgeous pendant. Whatever color clothing I am wearing shows through the pendant, so it changes color according to what I wear. I like the slightly curved design so it's not totally flat against my skin. The butterfly design is not readily visible to all people. They think it is a flower, but I like that it is there and so large. I love it, and it's just what i wanted. <end>  Exquistite workmanship  This butterfly necklace is absolutely beautiful and an obvious well crafted work of art. No skimping on the quality. <end>  Wonderful pendant  Beautiful pendant. The chain isn't as delicate as some but, if it were a little more sturdy the pendant would be perfect. <end>  Pleasing to the eye  My lady friend wears this item more than any other I've purchased for her this year( and I spoil her a lot ). It's simple yet elegant; it suits her personality to a "T". *smile* <end>  large and beautiful  I'm happy I got this necklace because I've gotten lots of compliments on it since the first day I wore it. The design is unusual, and this would make a great gift - I'm thinking of ordering another one for my mother because she loves silver jewelry. The chain is well-made and complements the pendant very nicely. All in all, a great piece of jewelry to give as a gift or add to your own collection! <end>  For by Daughter's 14th B-Day  By daughter picked three pendants out and this was the one I picked to give her. Emily loves this item and has it on right now. We are very happy with the purchase. I would buy again. <end>  Wonderful mother's day gift  I purchased two of these necklaces for gifts to my daughters for Mother's Day. I was amazed at the great quality and reasonable price of this item and would recommend it to anyone looking for a special and unique gift. I plan on purchasing more jewelry items from this company. The gifts were delivered on time and in super-fine condition. The service was outstanding. Thanks so much. Paula T. <end>  Butterfly pendant  I ordered this for my mom- she was wanting something to wear everyday. She loved it! I was impressed with the quality of the pendant and the chain. It arrived in a very nice gift box. <end>  gorgeous  I love this pendant. The chain is decent and the pendant is beautiful and abstract. It is about the size of a silver dollar and yet so delicate. Great buy! <end>  beautiful treat  This is a very beautiful necklace that gave me many compiments.It is also a very good buy <end>  Very cute...  I purchased this necklace for my friend's daughter (she's 6) and all I can say - charming... cute and charming. This type of jewelry is a perfect Christmas/New Year present or casual, of course, too for a 6-17 year old girl. However, if your girlfriend, or your sister let's say is over 18, 20, 30... and you know she loves cute-looking silver things/accessories, believe me, she's gonna love this one. This butterfly was definitely designed by a person with a gorgeous and perfect sense of taste. And besides that, you know how women are... if they like something, they want to have a lot of it and all kinds.I also would like to mention the packaging this necklace arrived in - it's worth every penny. Very professional and neat. I wish some i-net stores would pack hard drives like that.Also, I read one critical review on this product on amazon before I purchased it - well, I strongly disagree on what that person says about this necklace in general.Thank you for reading my review. <end>  not what I expected  I had read the reviews on this necklace and it seemed that it was what I was looking for. After receiving it, I was disappointed. The design and the size where fine but I felt the metal the medallion was made of was inferior-I would have been embarrassed to give it to my sister. I would be cautious in ordering jewelry in the future. I have used amazon many many time in the past and this is the only time I have returned an item because of the quality. The return process was easy and very efficient. <end>
 B000E7H52A  Lavender Jade Large Traditional Hoop Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  NICE earrings!!  These are VERY nice earrings! The color is great and i always get compliments when I wear them. They are light-weight and attractive. This was a great purchase and I enjoy wearing these earrings. I recommend these for others. <end>
 B000E7L76U  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Oval Shape Cubic Zirconia Amethyst Polished Finish Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Gorgeous  My wife loves rings, so I buy her lots of them. This one is gorgeous. It is very classy; not a knuckle buster. You or your lady will love it. Oh yeah, don't miss the fact that it is nickel-free and sterling silver! That's a bonus for ladies with sensitive skin. <end>  Takes FOREVER to receive  This has finally arrived! It took 8 days.Upon inspection, it is much prettier in the picture than in person.the sizing is nice, and it stands up pretty tall. The amethyst stone is a beautiful rich purple, very natural looking, and the polished silver is very bright.My only complaints, and why I had to give it 2 stars 1. the well of the "V" that holds the amethyst isn't polished, it looks barely sanded. IT detracts from the face of the ring.2. the CZ are not even as close to sparkly as they are in the picture, even under florescent lighting.3. the band is so thin, that with everyday wearing, the band will break soon.For $24, it's ok. But if I had seen it in a store, I wouldn't have purchased this. (hence the 2 stars instead of 3.) <end>
 B000E7NYCK  Rhodium plated and enamel Smoochy Lips cufflinks with presentation box ||	  Smoochable Lips  I luv cufflings & these luscious red lips really makes my dress shirts even more feminine; i get a lot of compliments. <end>
 B000E7YJVK  Beautiful! Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold onyx Heart Women's Earrings ||	  Perfect for any occasion  Men, if you do one thing right for your wives, get them this pair of earrings. They go with nearly everything, and can be worn on any occasion. <end>
 B000E8ZCK6  Salvatore - Beautiful Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Not so comfort fit  This ring is gorgeous--BUT my husband said it wasn't so comfort-fit. The edges weren't round like most comfort fit bands. The edges were very sharp and irritated his finger. The ring was gorgeous though and the delivery was fast! I was overall happy with the company. We decided to exchange the ring for one that was more comfortable--didn't like the fact that $35 was charged for an exchange--but I do understand since the rings are custom made! Thanks again! <end>  B-E-A_UTIFUL!!  we love the ring ther very nice we are very pleased thank you . nathy munoz <end>
 B000E8ZCRE  Beau - Elegant Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Very happy with this ring  My wife and I have had these wedding bands for two years, and we love them. The price was right, the rings came in a reasonable amount of time, and the packaging was nice. Also, the jeweler was responsive to questions about possible re-sizing (we didn't end up needing it, though). Good product at a fair price. <end>  NICE!!!!!!  I bought one of these ring for my marriage and I have to say I'm very impressed with it. Came exactly how it looks and in the size I ordered. Very good quality, all other rings I searched for on here didn't really match what I was looking for, some of the prices were way too high. The company has a very nice selection, if I every need to buy any more jewelry I will most definitely consider them again. <end>
 B000E938VU  Aldabella - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Quality product  I'm writing this review 10 months after I purchased the product, and I'm just as happy with it now as I was when I ordered the rings. Very durable and quality product. <end>
 B000E94X78  Amazon.com  Subdued Lieutenant Colonel Insignia Set  Clothing ||	  awesome  very fast shipping and excellent product, me and my dad does Vietnam Cosplay for conventions and memorials he's a Veteran of the war, also in my paintball group we go by ranks and i was just promoted lt.col. for my actions in winning the last match of the year, anyway these are excellent insignias they came fast and were shipped well <end>
 B000E95BSI  Delana - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Excellent product and super service  These rings are absolutely stunning. Well worth the price and look much more expensive than they were as the quality is superb. Even more, the customer service was first class. I needed these on a rush and they were received exactly when I needed them. I made an error about size on one of the rings and they were very accommodating to me, got me what I needed and delivered the second time with flawless perfection. I cannot say enough about the level of service and the quality of workmanship. You've made two people very happy. Thank you! I will definitely be back for more product from these guys. <end>
 B000E96X0S  Amazon.com  Silver Matte Stainless Steel GI Type Dog Tag (Blank)  Clothing ||	  RIP OFF - BUYER BEWARE  1) Pic shows dog tag on chain. Didn't come with chain. Just dog tag part. 2) Ordered with expedited shipping, took 10 days to get here, missing Halloween (this was part of a costume) 3) Paid $8.95 for shipping - it came in a plain white envelope with the $1.31 postage on it.I wanted to give no stars b/c I'm not even 20% happy with it, but the system doesn't allow that. <end>
 B000E99PFS  Amazon.com  GOLD (PLATED) CAPTAIN POLISHED OFFICER INSIGNIA- 1 PAIR  Clothing ||	  Officer Insignias  Excellent quality, looks great, put in my camo boonie hats and in some ocasion people salutes me! Have to wait how long will last that gold polished. <end>
 B000E9LSUI  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Floral Tarnish Free 4mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 ||	  I like it!  I would have to say i was surpised to see the ring the day I was to actually get it! I love the ring. It is sooo pretty just what i thought it would look like in the picture. Thanks Alot! <end>  Pretty but not happy  I ordered these rings for everyday use. The pacakage was beautifully done in a pretty gift box. It has a nice shine and sparkle to it. But I was unhappy with the stone settings. It makes it look fake. Also the size I ordered is slightly loose on my finger. SO I will exchane/return them possibly. <end>  This is just beautiful  This ring set is just lovely...not gaudy or ostentatious...but neither is it tiny. It looks very believable and I wear it every day. Everyone comments on how pretty it is. An excellent value. Almost impossible to tell from real ..I actually like it better because I don't worry about it. I will definitely buy more jewelry from this company for many ocasions. <end>  Love it!  I love this ring. I'd purchased and returned a couple of other rings, none of them from Gem Avenue, before I found this one. It looks just as pretty on my hand as it does in the photo. I've been wearing it for a month now and no sign of tarnish, which is great. It came in a beautiful little ring box, arrived on time and in perfect condition. It's sparkly without being gaudy or cheap. I recommend anyone looking to buy this ring to go ahead and get it, it's great to wear day to day or would also be perfect to have for trips when you want to leave your really expensive jewelry at home.I wouldn't recommend just wearing the engagement ring by itself, the ring definitely looks best when both pieces are worn together. Also, make sure the fit is snug or you'll go crazy trying to keep both pieces lined up together. <end>  This ring is GORGEOUS!  I received the ring in the mail a few days ago and I was absolutely blown away! The ring is gorgeous. It fits perfectly (size 5). It looks REAL and I've already gotten compliments on it. The metal looks like white gold and the stones are gorgeously cut. The only thing is that the design is a bit bigger than I expected because I have small delicate fingers, but nonetheless a gorgeous ring. Well worth the money.Overall, fast delivery, high quality ring, etc. This company is amazing and I'm considering buying more items from Gem Ave. <end>  A lot of sparkle for a great price!  If you want bling on a budget, this is it! I'm not wild about the way the engagement ring looks on its own - it really needs the wedding band to complete it. But I'm definitely going to enjoy fooling my friends! The center stone is roughly half a carat, and each side stone is 1/10, maybe a little larger. The shipping was super fast, too - I ordered it on 1/30 and it arrived on 2/4. WELL worth the $25 price tag! <end>  Wedding Ring, Women's  The ring took a while to arrive, but when it arrived, it was exactly as described. Came in a beautiful heart-shaped ring box with a cute little bow on the top. Very nice packaging. I ordered size 7, which is my actual ring size and it fits exactly right. The ring is beautiful. Several people have seen it on me and think it is the real thing. It looks very real. When I look at it I feel that it doesn't look exactly real, but that is probably because I KNOW it isn't real.I have only been wearing the engagement ring for 11 days and the wedding ring will be a week tomorrow but so far the rings have held up well with no tarnishing and no dulling. The cz's look very real and sparkly.I am happy with the rings and I will be buying more jewelry from this vendor. <end>
 B000E9PNSG  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Best Friends Heart 16mm x 15mm Pendant Charm ||	  Childhood Revisited  I am an adult, but I bought this for my best friend. It was a huge hit, she really loved it and we had fun breaking it in half. It made us feel like little kids again. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the bottom of the charm is really sharp once it's broken. I wouldn't recommend it for very small children but for adults or older kids it's definitely a great buy. <end>  Very cute  I think that this is very cute and I love it. My only issue with it was after you break it in two, the edges are a little sharp. Not a big deal, but wish it wasn't like that. <end>  Confused At First  I was confused when I opened it--weren't there supposed to be two necklaces? But then I realized that the metal was thin, and someone told me that my best friend and I were supposed to break it together. Sadly, I had already come up with the idea to break it myself, and my best friend is in Alabama, and I'm not. I told her I was going to send her the other half, and I am, as soon as I get an envelope. It made her very happy to hear that it came in the mail from Amazon. However, it is much smaller than it looks. I thought it would be the size of a quarter, but it's more like a penny. But otherwise, it's pretty cool and easy to put it on a necklace, or, in my case, a bracelet. <end>  Okay  They are A LOT smaller then I expected. And they bend easy. But they are cute. I am still going to give it to my daughter and her best friend. <end>  Different than the picture  It is very small and is more of a bright silver color rather than what is shown by the seller. Giving it to my friend for her birthday before she leaves to study abroad. Hopefully it will hold up and be what I intend it to. <end>  perfect for children  I bought this for my 3 year old and her best friend who was moving away and it is just perfect for their age. She wears it ofter and loos so delicate on the tiny chain. Highly recommended for litle ones. <end>  cute for the money  this was small but very cute not bad for the money except for shipping which was as much as the charm <end>
 B000EA66JK  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Antique Finish Toering Sun Toe Ring ||	  Toe Ring Review  i gave this ring to my mother for her birthday, and i am pleased to say that she loved it! i picked out this gift for her a couple months before her birthday, and i was anxious to see what it looked like but i couldnt open it to see, because i'd ordered it gift-wrapped. so i ended up seeing it in person for the first time while my mom opened it  i am so happy with this ring, it is super cute. and so far, it hasnt rusted/changed colors in pool water or at the beach. thanks amazon  ) <end>
 B000EADJFE  Sterling Silver Clear Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Love these earrings  These are another pair that I am wearing over and over, but they still look pretty. I am very pleased with these Swarovski earrings. <end>
 B000EAGEI8  Sterling Silver Pink Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Swarovski Pink Crystal Earrings  These earrings I bought for a friend who loves pink. She will be excited with the elegant styling of this gift. <end>
 B000EAGK5K  Sterling Silver Blue Crystal Hook Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Stunningly Simple...  Gave this gift to one of my "friends" and she absolutely fell in love with it. It's pure simplicity made it look so elegant, it's balancing a valuable stone at the end of the wire. Why gave it 4-stars, the Swarovski Cube had a little scratch, I mean the cube could like a little "plastic-ky" but this one is definitely a winner in all accounts. <end>
 B000EB3R0K  Pretty Little Sterling Silver Butterfly Post Earrings, #11274 ||	  Another Perfect Transaction!  I absolutely LOVE my earrings, purchased for an extremely reasonable price, and delivered as fast as humanly possible! I would recommend this seller to everyone, they have an excellent business!  ) <end>
 B000EBAMCQ  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Princess Cut Pink and Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Polished Finish 3mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Love at first sparkle  This ring is very beautiful! I bought it for my daughter . Pictures don't do this ring justice! It is beautiful in person! She loves it and so do all her friends and family! <end>
 B000EBBPT0  Amazon.com  Clava Color Junior Padfolio  Kitchen &amp; Dining ||	  Great quality, nice pockets  This is a very nice quality leather padfolio. I love the extra pockets for business cards, cash, etc. I wish that the inside gusset pocket would be wide enough for my blackberry. The padfolio doesn't close with my blackberry in it, but maybe future BB's will be thinner and then it will be perfect. It was hard to decide which color I wanted-got the royal blue and it's a nice change from black or brown. <end>  Outside Better Than Inside  Cute pocket size padfolio.Outside leather like cover is gorgeous.Inside pocket quality not so satisfying.Still love it though! <end>  Love it  May buy more! the handy pocket hold a smart phone. Zipper is great for money and slots for any kind of cards. I use it at work for notes and a place for my phone. <end>
 B000EDPUVM  Blue Topaz and Diamond Heart Ring 14K White Gold ||	  Great buy!  I really love this little (not THAT little) ring. I.ve had it on the whole two months I've had it. In the shower, everywhere...parties - it really does go with whatever you're wearing, casual or cocktail party type ring.I am SO GLAD I bought it. It's the Best thing I've ever bought for myself, and I could actually afford it. Too bad more things aren't like that! <end>
 B000EDTV2Q  14-kt Yellow Gold Heart Shaped Garnet Ring ||	  Not well made  I only wore this ring a few times and one of the teeny tiny diamonds fell out. I doubt I will ever wear it again. This is very disappointing - my husband gave this to me for my 1st mother's day and garnet is my daughter's birthstone. <end>
 B000EE7D98  Red Coral Rose Cultured Pearl Tail Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  Picture does not do this necklace justice!  My mother received this necklace yesterday for a birthday present and it is absolutely beautiful! There is a sparkle to it that doesn't show up in the pictures. The rose itself looks absolutely beautiful and not cheap. This is a fantastic gift. The chain is a good length and is very sturdy, not flimsy. The pearls are good quality. <end>  Coral/Pearl necklace  This coral/pearl necklace was the perfect gift for me to give for my daughter's 35th wedding anniversary. The pearls echoed the traditional 30th anniversary gift. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  This necklace was a gift, and i had searched for the perfect necklace for a long time. When I came across this one, I knew it was perfect. The person who I gave it to, loved it to. For the price, it is a great deal and a beautiful necklace. I highly recommend it! <end>
 B000EE81EY  Amazon.com  Italy Dog Tags  Clothing ||	  Very good quality  This item is of the highest quality and looks amazing! It is smaller than I expected but that is even better because it is like a lucky charm! This dog tag is a perfect way to support Italy! FORZA AZZURI! <end>
 B000EEXAXQ  Diamond Circle Pendant in White Gold ||	  Do not buy this item. I did and was sorry. Be warned  I purchased this circle of love item from szul which shipped late. When it arrived it was not as advertised. you could not even see the diamonds to the naked eye. It was also much smaller than advertised. When I went to return it they charged me a $18 restocking fee which is contrary to their money back guarantee. Don't believe or trust them. My CC company returned the difference because they found szul in the wrong. Don't be fooled. Be warned instead. <end>
 B000EFDCTW  Triple Larimar Choker ||	  Triple Larimar Choker - Simply Gorgeous  I ordered this stunning choker after having been to the Caribbean and learning about Larimar. The stones are incredibly lovely. If you want to impress some one by giving them a unique gift, this would be the item!! <end>
 B000EFJNXG  Digital Camera, 5.1 MP, 12X Opt. Zoom, 4-1/4"x3-1/4"x3-19/32" (SONDSCH1) Category  Digital ||	  Sony 5.1 MP Camera  This camera would warrant 5 stars if not for the flash and the delay in shutter response with the flash.The flash consistantly over performs resulting in slightly over exposed photos. If your subject is at a further distance the flash issue won't be so noticable, but it is a definate issue on closer images.When using the flash there is a significant delay in shutter response. It is quite annoying and the result is that you'll lose some pictures. By the time the camera responds when the flash is in use the subject has moved, unless of couse the subject is inanimate.If you are particular about your photos then this will be important to you, but if you are more casual user then the flash issue may not concern you as much.Beyond these two annoyances I have been quite happy with my camera. The macro capability is very good, versatility with lenses is handy, menus are user friendly, the large LCD is a winner. Photos come out quite nicely, and with a good printer you'll be very pleased with the results. <end>
 B000EG47XQ  Sterling Silver Open Flower Pendant, 18" ||	  Much shinier in person  This pendant is much prettier in person. It's got a nice polished finish, not satin/matte like in the image. It hangs nicely on the sturdy snake chain. I've already received several compliments on it. <end>  Excellent purchase  My wife loved this. It has more shine to it than the picture shows. Not cheaply made and comes in a nice blue jewelry pouch. Give this for Birthday and you're set to buy silver earrings at Christmas! <end>  You'll get lots of compliments!  I bought this as a Christmas present for myself. I wore it with red and green tops during the holidays and got a lot of compliments each time. It really is a beautiful, high-quality piece. <end>  Pretty  We purchased this for our 10-year old niece last Christmas and she was very happy with it. Very pretty and a nice price. <end>  What a find at a great price!  The quality of this piece is really surprising! I purchased this as a gift for a 16-year-old. When I received it, I immediately loved the styling and the chain. I was very pleased to have found such an appropriate, lovely gift at such a great price. <end>  Pleasantly surprised!  The photo of the necklace looked pretty, but I didn't realize it would be so nice! My daughter loved it and I will probably purchase one for myself. <end>  Marquise Matcher  I used this necklace as a matching piece to my fiance's marquise heavy engagment ring. It is a beautiful contemporary piece of jewelry. It's symmetry and simplicity are hard to find in sea of gawdy overly embellished jewelry pieces. It's a great buy and my fiance loves it. <end>  Nice  This is my first silver necklace. I have had it on since I purchased it and I have received a lot of complements. It is also comfortable to wear. <end>  great necklace!  I bought this as a gift for my niece. She loved it! It is much shinier than the picture. A great value! <end>  For under 10 bucks this is a great find!  This pendant is now at a great price. It is an open flower with smooth silver polish which shines and is not matt like in the picture. The size of the flower is a little bigger than a quarter and it comes with an 18 inch snake silver chain. Pretty nice, for casual wear. It's nice to wear this to work or just casually especially in the summer. <end>  Pretty Flower pendant , not crazy about the chain .  I have had this in my wish list for quite some time, so when I racked up some certificates, I decided to purchase it for myself.The pendant is pretty and very shiny, but the chain (which is fairly dull)that it came on did nothing for the pendant, I had an extra 16" diamond cut snake chain, which has a bit more shine and I had purchased it awhile ago on Amazon.I placed the pendant on that and they look beautiful together, I was at first thinking of returning this product, but after I changed out the chain I LOVE IT !! <end>  Very Nice  I was pleased when the packaged arrived and this was a gift for my Sister-In Laws birthday and she has worn it everyday since she received it. Very well constructed and nice shine. <end>  Wonderful  Inexpensive and very beautiful! I bought this for my wife and it was a big success. It looks so much better on her that it liiks in the picture. I am completely satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Nice quality for the price  I purchased several of these as thank you gifts. I was concerned that for $9.99 they wouldn't be all that nice, but they were! The necklace is very strong and the flower, very delicate and feminine. <end>  My favorite  I wear this necklace every day and get comments about how lovely it is. Much better than it looked in the image and great quality. I did put the pendant on a fine ball chain instead of leaving it on the snake chain and it suits the design of the pendant better. I am considering buying another from the same company.I would definately recommend buying. <end>  Very pretty piece of jewelry  This was an impulse buy, but I'm pleased I did buy it - very pretty. I've had lots of compliments on it. <end>
 B000EG6FWC  Sterling Silver Oval Marquis Drop Earrings ||	  Pleased  I bought these for my mom and they looked great. Not to big or small. The packaging was very cute and she really enjoyed that. They looked nice and not cheesy at all. Overall both she and I were very pleased. <end>  Beautiful  The earrings can be put on quickly, feel comfortable and are beautiful. I am enjoying them. <end>  Wonderful simple earings  I received these earings and the matching necklace as a gift. Unfortunately it does not appear that the necklace is currently available. However as stand alone pieces the earings are beautiful and simple. As such they can be worn on a daily basis. Contrary to another review the finish is the same as appears on the website. The size is appropriate for almost any face shape. They are very comfortable, and not too heavy at all. <end>  Pretty but worrisome  These earrings are very pretty. However, they tend to fallout very easily. This could make them very eady to lose. <end>  Very pretty  I bought these on sale for a future gift. They are much nicer looking than pictured and seem well made. <end>  BEWARE Of Amazon Jewelry !!!  Awful, Embarrasing, Deceptive, [PUT YOUR DISAPPOINTMENT WORD HERE], this was by far one of the most deceptive purchases I've ever made, jewelry DOES NOT look as pictured, is definitively smaller and finishing is slightly below average, I'll never buy jewelry online again... Hard time returning due to the looks, luckily they screwed up on shipping times and I was entitled to a return (just by the looks they WILL NOT take it back). <end>
 B000EGI1YW  10kt. Gold, Created Pink Sapphire Heart Ring (Size 5) ||	  Beautiful  I bought this ring for my son to give to his girlfriend for a special occasion. I must say it did the trick she loves it and it is BEAUTIFUL!! I will definatly order from this company again. Thank you <end>
 B000EGQRGQ  Sterling Silver Cactus Pendant, 1 1/8 inch tall ||	  Ooops  This necklace was exactly what I was looking for! It was PERFECT for the price and quality. The only problem I had was I ordered 10, got charged for 10, and received 1 upon delivery! The woman I spoke with quickly took care of this and I had the rest of my order within a couple of days. <end>
 B000EGSD6S  Sterling Silver Filigree Heart Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  great gift  My daughter requested "exquisite silver jewelry" for her 16th birthday. We got her this necklace and she loves it. She is not really a "girly-girl", but she wears this necklace every day. It is much prettier "in person" even than in the picture. <end>
 B000EGSFIY  Sterling Silver Guitar Pendant, 1 1/2 inch ||	  Nice little Pendant  This pendant was nice. It is sterling silver but looks a little more like steel. It is a good size and hangs very nicely. The shipping was fast and made a nice gift for my girlfriend. Seems similar to jewelery that can be purchased at a hot topic or spencers gifts. All in all a good purchase. <end>  guitar  This guitar has only two strings on it,but is a good size and you dont notice.It hangs well on the chane.I was pleased with the overall look. <end>
 B000EGUHJY  Sterling Silver Sea Lion Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  Very cute.  Bought for a halloween costume. Very cute, but kind of cheap looking. True to size. Small charm on even smaller chain. I guess it is a pretty good deal. Was pretty inexpensive charm to begin with. Perfect for a little girl. <end>
 B000EGUJHY  Sterling Silver Christian Fish w/ Cross Pendant, 1 inch ||	  Awesome Design, Great Value  Love it. I have a 17.5" neck and, I am a male. I was looking for a product that was distinct and humble - this is it! The seller is great too. <end>
 B000EGUJI8  Sterling Silver Saint Florian Pendant, 3/4 inch ||	  Wonderful!  The product I ordered and received was wonderful! I paid for fast shipping because it was for a birthday gift and I waited too long before ordering. The product arrived before expected and it was better than I imagined. Thank you! <end>
 B000EGWMWY  Sterling Silver Moon Pendant, 1 1/4 inch tall ||	  Beautiful piece  I purchased this piece to accompany a sun pendant that I also purchased from this website. The pieces are similar in design, and the little indentations around the edges add more character to the piece. Same as the sun piece, the chain provided is way to small. Only reason I took off a star is because this piece looks a bit rustic. Since I wanted it as an accompaniment to the sun charm I was hoping the detail was matching on both. But overall, very beautiful. <end>  High Quality! Very cute!  Sabrina Silver's moon faced pendant is great! The measurements are accurate and the bail (the oval shaped ring that is attached to the pendant that the chain goes through) is soldered closed, so there's no way the pendant can open up and fall off. I'm not sure the exact size of the bail, but a 2mm box chain (not the chain this comes with) can fit through it. There are four diamond-cut accents on the outer edge of the moon face giving it a subtle touch. Also, 925 is stamped on the inside of the face so the face isn't 3-D (meaning it has a one-sided face).The box chain that this pendant comes with is 18" and very thin. I'm not sure what mm it is, but I thought it looked kind of flimsy. Well, on closer inspection and after putting it on, the chain is surprisingly durable. No rings to come open on the chain either. From the clasp to the ring it hooks onto, there are no split rings to come apart from wear. To me, this is a sure sign of quality design.A traditional spring ring clasp (not lobster) is on the chain, which I thought would make it difficult to put on, but I had no trouble. All in all, I was very pleased with this item.In case you haven't noticed, I really hate jewelry with jump rings or clasps that aren't sealed shut. Not only do you have to worry about the rings coming apart and losing either the chain, pendant, bracelet, etc., but you feel as though you can't wear it often or treat it rough. And if you've ever owned a piece of quality jewelry, you'll notice there are no open ended pieces in it.So, I am very pleased with my first purchase with Sabrina Silver (of course, one purchase does not a favorite store make). I plan on buying another chain with them. Let's see if they can keep it up. <end>
 B000EHI9O8  Sterling Silver Digit Number 12 Pendant 3/4 inch (18 mm) ||	  Review Number 12  Very quick dispatch with quality packaging. Charm is even better in reality than on the picture. Would recommend it to everyone <end>
 B000EHI9PM  Sterling Silver Digit Number 21 Pendant 3/4 inch (18 mm) ||	  Great product.  There weren't many product reviews, when i ordered this so i was nervous. Upon receiving the pendant i was delighted to see that it was beautiful. The number was shiny, cleanly cut, and not too big or too small. It is functional for males and females. <end>
 B000EHW1NI  Sterling Silver Lord's Prayer / Holy Bible Pendant, 5/16 inch (8 mm) Long. ||	  blackens fast  i say not worth the price since it needs polishing every day to make it look good... <end>  nice pendant  nice pendant. just what i wanted for my charm bracelet. engraving of verse could be a little better, but still readable. would recommend. as usual, very good service from amazon! <end>  Awesome!  The pendant is small, very small. A little over a half an inch in length. It would be perfect on a charm bracelet. When I got it, I flipped it over to see if there was anything more to it (because from the picture, I looked as if you could open it), the Lord's Prayer is written on the back of it. It amazed me that they were able to get the entire prayer to fit on this pendant, but they did. I wear it on the same necklace as my cross. The only I didn't like was that the ring the necklace goes through had not been soldered together, to if the pendant is snagged, you may lose it without knowing. But that can easily be corrected. Overall, a wonderful item. I'm glad I bought it. <end>
 B000EHW1QU  Sterling Silver Hummingbird Pendant, 3/4 inch (20 mm) Long. ||	  so special  STUNNING!!!!!!! I bought these gorgeosu sterling silver hummingbirds as a gift for 4 special friends of mine. It is a symbolof our firnedship and how much they mean to me. These are gorgeous in person and the perfect size to be worn every day! They clean up easily with any silver cleaner polish or dip jar. <end>
 B000EHXX80  Sterling Silver Small Filigree Heart Pendant, 1/2 inch (11 mm) Long. ||	  a pretty little necklace!  I bought this necklace for myself and love it! From the picture, it looks like it might be too big. But it's the perfect size and a great necklace to wear casually or with something nicer too. <end>  Love it!  I also wear this everyday. It is the perfect size and I love the detail. Have gotten several compliments on it. When I bought it, I thought, ok, cute, but now I can't take it off because it is so comfy and looks good with any outfit. I highly recommend this necklace and it was a pleasant surprise to have it look so good in person (I was wary of ordering jewelry online). Also, Sabrina Silver offers very quick delivery and great packaging. I am so pleased with this item I plan to order more silver jewelry from this merchant. If you order this, you will not be disappointed! <end>  Heart Pendant  I love this necklace! I wear it everyday! It is lightweight and it will not tarnish! <end>
 B000EHXZ1U  Sterling Silver Pot Leaf Pendant, 1 3/4 inch (42 mm) tall ||	  Wonderful product!  I have looked everywhere for the perfect marijuana necklace for my boyfriend. I spent hours and hours looking at countless junk pendants. I happened to stubble upon this pendant and loved it. Only problem was there were no dimensions listed. I contacted the seller and the pendant is 1 6/8th inches up and down. (just so you know) This item was shipped extremely fast in a nice box. The necklace is a bit small for my boyfriend but for the price, its a bargain. It weighs nice and looks really good. One thing though, and it might of just been him but the first night he went to sleep, he slept with it on and connector to the chain (the circle thing you put around the chain) broke. I believe it was just how he slept but I would be careful with this pendant. He fixed it though and it still looks amazing. <end>
 B000EHY49M  Sterling Silver Crown Pendant, 1/2 inch tall ||	  silver crown charm  i bought this for a teenager who won a pagent. she loved it & put it on immediately & didnt take it off the whole time of my visit. was a surprise to have necklace included. wasnt expecting that! <end>
 B000EHY4GK  Sterling Silver Guardian Angel Medal, Made in Italy. 5/8 inch (17 mm) in Diameter. ||	  Wonderful Purchase  Very pleased the size is perfect for an adult and older children 7 and up would be alittle to big for an infant the back of the pendant has a pretty criss-cross design very nice product not too thin needless to say I'm back for more want mom, sisters and all my nieces to have one of these from me. <end>
 B000EHY4N8  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, Made in Italy. 1 inch (25 mm) Tall ||	  Not what I expected  Item arrived in a timely matter however upon opening the iten I discovered that it was not of the quality I had hoped for. It's a lot lighter than expected and is not solid in the back. It feels almost like it's plastic. <end>
 B000EHY51E  Sterling Silver Small Sun and Moon Pendant, Made in Italy. 1/2 inch (12 mm) Tall ||	  poor quality  This item is very poorly made and looks very cheap. You can see and seam very poorly lined up, it is very well hidden in the picture. I was very disappointed in the quality. <end>  Sterling Silver Small Sun and Moon Pendant, Made in Italy. 1/2 in. (12mm) Tall  if your pinky wants to rock a necklace buy this pendant. its soooooooooooooooooooooooo tiny. definitly not worth my 20 buckz... bad buy. <end>
 B000EI00OO  Sterling Silver Bat Pendant, 3/4 inch (18 mm) Long. ||	  peuny  If you like folks squinting and asking you "whats that supposed to be?" then this is the pendant for you. Its rather small to the point where the features are not noticable, and its very light. If it were larger I think I'd of liked it. It would make for a good "charm" persay, for a bracelet perhaps though. To each 'is own. <end>
 B000EI05XA  Sterling Silver Horse Pendant, 1 1/2 inch (36 mm) tall ||	  Surprised  I was very surprised at the weight, size and quality of this piece. I would definitely recommend this to my friends! <end>
 B000EI0850  Sterling Silver Teeny Anchor Pendant, Made in Italy. 1/2 inch (12 mm) Tall ||	  Beautiful charm necklace  I just received this necklace today, and I love it. The picture really doesn't do it justice. Beware, though--when they say "teeny," they mean teeny!! I guess I didn't realize exactly how small 1/2" was. The anchor is smaller than my thumbnail. The chain is also very thin, which is good because I was expecting something ugly & bulky, from the way it looks in the picture. Overall, I'm extremely satisfied. <end>  Great quality!  This darling little anchor is tiny, as stated, but it is so pretty and looks great! An excellent value. <end>  well made  great charm well made...looks solid and good quality....wow so great loved it ......i hope others will love toooo omg so cute <end>
 B000EI1WGE  Sterling Silver Tiger Pendant, 3/4 inch (19 mm) Long. ||	  Great Little Gift  This pendant was exactly as pictured--tiny, with great detail. It came quickly, as well. <end>  GREAT!  I was very happy with this, it was a very cheap, very nice, gift solution. She loved it  -DDefinatly a good buy. <end>  Great Gift  Item came as described  it was beautiful, well-crafted, and elegant. I bought it as a gift for my girlfriend, and she loved it. It is also sold at a great price. <end>  She loved it!  I bought this as a gift for a friends daughter, who is into Tigers. She loved it! <end>  A beautiful piece of jewelry  I purchased this necklace as a graduation gift for my daughter. I wanted something unique, something that I knew she would love. She loves tigers and this necklace is beautiful and affordable. <end>  friend  I bought this for my friend because she loves tigers. She loved it and it is soo life like. I am not sure if she has worn it or not but i definitely would. <end>  Tiger pendant  I am very pleased with the products and the speed of their arrival, the tiger pendants are exactly what was advertised and I was very pleased with the way they were packed. <end>
 B000EI219G  Sterling Silver Small M-16 Rifle Pendant, 1/2 inch (11 mm) tall ||	  Blink for AR Lovers  I bought this for my wife for Valentine's Day. There is a joke behind it between us. I was impressed with the quality and size of this pendant. I believe they also sold one a click bigger, but believe me, this is big enough to put around your neck. I couldn't find other pendants of this type, silver, and quality out there. Considering the price of siver these days, this pendant is a real steal. I also forgot to mention the super-fast shipping. It arrived about 3 days after the order was placed. <end>
 B000EI2JG6  Sterling Silver Jesus Pendant, 1 3/4 inch (45 mm) tall ||	  Jesus? Really?  It's hard to tell exactly who, or what it is. It is very cheap and hollow and hideous and smaller than advertised. It also cost more than advertised. I sent it back. <end>
 B000EI2MWC  Sterling Silver Gun (Uzi) Pendant, 1 5/16 inch (33 mm) tall ||	  Silver Gun Pendant  This took longer than I expected to get here but the wait was well worth it! The detail on this piece is phenomenal and it shines like it's platinum not silver, very heavy and durable. It will fit on any chain including a Cuban link!!! You will not find anything for this price or this nice I highly recommend this product or any other pendant from this seller as I received the Derringer gun pendant and I LOVE IT!!!! Both are highly detailed and simply elegant for either men or women the size is perfect! It is NOT goddy looking it is perfect. <end>
 B000EI2N2Q  Sterling Silver Cobra Snake Pendant, 1 1/2 inch (38 mm) tall ||	  Necklace  It was just what was needed. I got it for a friend, not myself, but he was utterly happy with it. <end>
 B000EI2N3A  Sterling Silver Scorpio Pendant, 1 1/4 inch (32 mm) tall ||	  very cute  I liked the size and shape of this pendant. I put it on a black chain though, and brushed over it with some dark paint to mesh with the silver. Thats just me though, like a little black and not so much shiney. Its a nice scorpion pendant. <end>
 B000EI90DQ  Sterling Silver Imitation Pearl Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Pleased!  Though they may not be mistaken for the real deal, they are cute, affordable, and arrived just as expected. I'm thoroughly satisfied. <end>
 B000EIB304  .62ctw Round Diamond Platinum Band (SI1/2, H-I), Size 6 ||	  Beautiful ring  This was a beautiful ring that stands out. One issue I had was the thickness where the diamons are. On its own it is really beautifull, my wife loved it. However when worn with the engagement ring on the same finger, both didn't seem to go together as it was hindering the diamond from the enagagement ring. A great buy and price's worth for around $600 <end>
 B000EICTOS  Sterling Silver Mariner's Cross Pendant, 1 1/2 inch ||	  Gorgeous  My son loved the anchor cruifix. He told me he was going to cherish it long as he lives, he loves it.. It is very beautiful.... <end>
 B000EICU3I  Sterling Silver Roadrunner Pendant, 1 3/4 inch wide ||	  INTERESTING BIRD!  If you're looking for something funny and funky, something that is a conversation piece, get the roadrunner pendant! It's very detailed, has different textures in it and is very shiny. Plus it's size allows everybody to know what you have hanging on your neck chain.Did you know that 1.Roadrunners are in most all southwestern states?2.Roadrunners are quick enough to catch and eat rattlesnakes?3.Roadrunners prefer walking or running and attain speeds up to 17 mph. hour?4.Roadrunner is also called the Chaparral Cock?5.Roadrunner reabsorbs water from its feces before excretion?6.Roadrunner's nasal gland eliminates excess salt, instead of using the urinary tract like most birds?7.Roadrunner is the state bird of New Mexico?That's how interesting they are! <end>
 B000EICUA6  Sterling Silver Small Sauropoda Dinosaur Pendant, , 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Hollow back  ( Looks cheap.  I was hoping for a nicer charm. The back is concave, and I think that it looks very cheap. Probably not worth what I paid. <end>  pretty tacky  baught this as a xmas present, might as well have just waited until i opened my xmas cracker and giving them what ever fell out <end>  Feels kinda cheap  The silver doesn't look that great but it's a cute size and I keep in on my chain along with another charm. I keep it on and shower with it and it still looks decent <end>
 B000EIEIQ0  Sterling Silver Crucifix Pendant, 1 1/4 inch ||	  crucifix  It is Fine for a child or young teen. I would not recommend it for an adult. <end>
 B000EIEIYM  Sterling Silver Eagle Pendant, 3/4 inch ||	  great  Pendant was beautiful. Got it super fast. Was a bit smaller than expected, but was the size listed online. It's hard to judge how big an item is based on given dimensions, but it was perfect. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  Just want you to know I think this necklace is beautiful. It was a gift too my son. Now I want too purchase the same one for myself. But I noticed that you don't have any. Please keep me posted, because I would love too purchase one for myself. Thank you. And delivery on the purchase was fantastic. Again thank you. <end>
 B000EIEJ1O  Sterling Silver Duck Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  Flying duck  This was a gift from me to my wife on valentines day. She is very happy with it. I believe this is my second purchase from this person.They have good quality items at reasonable prices. They always deliver on time. <end>
 B000EIGJ1W  Sterling Silver Crucifix Pendant, 1 1/2 inch ||	  Perfect  The pendant is about 1.25 inch in length. It's very simple, detailed, but elegant. Simply beautiful. <end>  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Crucifix Pendant  Nice product, FAST shipping, I'm very satisfied with this purchse - Thanks! <end>
 B000EIGJ5I  Sterling Silver Ship Pendant, 1 1/16 inch ||	  Review  Good customer service. Received the item quickly. Only problem is that the silver turns rather quickly; I have to clean it every other day despite its never getting wet. Looks great when clean and shining. <end>
 B000EIGJ7Q  Sterling Silver Saint Christopher Medal , 3/4 inch ||	  cheep necklace  This item came promptly and I like the way it looked...but in a matter of 2 days the chain broke and I now have nothing to show for it...maybe better just to get a pendent with no chain..if thats all they can afford to put on their product.. <end>
 B000EIGJ9Y  Sterling Silver Egyptian Ankh Pendant, 1 inch ||	  Not bad! A couple of details though  This is a fine necklace. I'm a guy, so I wanted a nice ankh necklace because the ankh symbol means a lot to me. This particular one seemed masculine because it (1) has grooves in the ankh itself to make it look more rugged and (2)it appears to have been pre-worn by the picture with the black-ish looking markings.What arrived is a very pretty necklace. It does have the grooves, exactly as seen in the picture, but be forewarned that this is not a dark necklace (there are NO dark black marks on it and it is very shiny). While it was kind of disappointing that it looked a bit different than pictured, it's still very nice. I wear it daily now.The box chain it comes with is gorgeous but a little feminine, in my opinion--so I got an actual dark-colored chain to go with it. Mix those together, and it'll suit a guy just fine.It is not a perfect necklace  There is a TINY imprint on the back of the ankh and there are no details on the back of the ankh itself (so if the ankh flips over, there are no visible grooves, in other words).I mean, this necklace was under $20. I think it's worth what you pay for.(I'll post a pic to give the actual look of the necklace) <end>  Gorgeous handmade product!  My husband is the one who wanted this and he hasn't taken it off since he received it in Iraq. We both love that it looks like it was handmade and has almost 'hammer-like' marks on it, which give it more definition. <end>  One hot Ankh  I been searching for a good looking Ankh for sometime, searched everywhere including inside Egypt which has marvelous varieties of the key of life but non met my needs, i needed a simple one with no hieroglyph writing and maybe just a little decorations, found very few that are plain but most had pharaohic symbols, notice that the original Ankh in the hand of the pharaoh gods doesnt have any symbols, thats why i choose this one in the first place, in addition to its good small size " about 2.9 cms "Recieved it in canada after eight days of ordering which is fast, like the size of it, the glittering is cool as its a 925 silver " stamped on the backside of it ".I bought it after i red icarus review which was detailed, it doesnt have the black markings, but if you wear it and turn towards the light in a specific angle you can see dark markings not like it shows on the picture but almost.The chain is cool, thin and glittering maybe a bit short, i like my black chain better it's longer 24 inch. and looks more manly.i would give it 9/10 <end>
 B000EIGJC6  Sterling Silver Christmas Tree Pendant, 7/8 inch ||	  Silver Jewelry  I really like the detail on this tree. Just wish it wasn't so thin. You need to make sure there is no chance of bending it. <end>
 B000EIGJDA  Sterling Silver Hope, Faith and Charity Pendant, 7/8 inch ||	  Beautiful item and super fast shipping  The item was absolutely beautiful and lived up to my expectations. It made a great Christmas gift for my religious friend who loves horses. It also works for anyone who likes lucky charms seeing as the pendant depicts symbols of Faith, Hope, and Love inside a horseshoe. Shipping on this item was also great, it arrived by standard shipping in expedited time and days before any other items I ordered. <end>
 B000EIGJXA  Nickel Free Tarnish free Sterling Silver Round Shaped Clear Cubic Zircona Two Tone Finished Rhodium Plated 4mm Band Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Looks Expensive  I love silver, unfortunately this ring gets banged up very easily. I actually chipped one of the stones in the first week we had them. I do wish the sizes cam in half sizes, as we each could use a half size smaller that what was received. <end>
 B000EIHWLI  Sterling Silver Crystal Earrings Bracelet with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  not white  Picture shows product as pure white, but there are yellow beads mixed in there. Still pretty, but I had to return it since yellow beads don't typically go with white wedding gowns. <end>
 B000EIICDU  Sterling Silver Saint Christopher Medal , 1 1/4 inch ||	  St. Christopher medal  This product was as advertised. It was received in a timely fashion. Was very pleased overall. <end>
 B000EIICFS  Sterling Silver Star of David with Chai Pendant, 1 1/4 inch ||	  Pretty cheap  While the price is low, it's not nearly as low as the quality. The item looks like something that you would get from a 25 cent machine at the enterance to a grocery store. The mold marks are painfully evident, it doesn't look like the manufacturer put any effort into cleaning it up after it came from the assembly line, and it just screams "massed produced shlock." <end>
 B000EIICHG  Sterling Silver Small Egyptian Ankh Pendant, 1/2 inch ||	  excellent company, excellent product  I have ordered several products from this company. This shipping is fast, the quality excellent. Will check here first if looking for more sterling silver jewelry <end>  fast service and wonderful jewrey  I can not say enought good things about seller....received my order way ahead of schedule and loved!!!! the necklace's. will order again. THANKS <end>
 B000EIICJ4  Sterling Silver Christian Fish Pendant, 5/8 inch ||	  My feedback  My daughter likes it. It is representing the love of God. It is reminding all of us that God dies for our wrong doing. Christ has risen from the death. <end>
 B000EIICRG  Sterling Silver Snake Pendant, 1 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Too Charming For Words  The title says it all. This pendant is so beautiful! I loved it the minute I laid eyes on it, and I have worn it every day since! Yay for snake-inspired items! <end>  Got it as a christmas gift  Bought it as a christmas gift for my girlfriend who loves snakes and she loved it immediately upon opening the box. <end>
 B000EJ87X4  72 Inches Cultured Freshwater White Pearl Necklace ||	  The BEST deal you will ever find on the most gorgeous pearls I have seen  AMAZING PEARLS!This is the most amazing string of pearls I have ever seen. It is one strand that is 6 feet long! Since it is 72" long, they wrap around your neck 3 times -you get an 18", a 20" and a 32" necklace ALL IN ONE!!COLOR They perfect ivory and very luminous--you can tell they are not fakes when you look at them.BARGAIN They look like they are worth at least 10 times what I paid for them. Seriously. The only thing I can see that doesn't make then "perfect" pearls, is that on a few of them, you can see a tiny bit of the round grind marks when you look very close. I actually like that, since it looks just a bit more contemporary and a TINY bit freshwater--but still very classic. These are not Mrs. Cleaver's pearls! -Instead, they are long and sexy like in the movies.SIZE They are very round and medium large, which is perfect for this long strand. Too small would have looked too little girlish, and too large would have looked Barbara Bush-like.DOWNSIDE The only downside I can see is that when they found out they made a mistake and they are only $169.00 they will have to pull them. Get them while you can.UPSHOT I rely on Amazon reviewers when I shop and am so excited to tell you about these pearls. I don't need too much, and it is hard to get me excited about a present, they are the best present I have had in years.2/19/11 UPDATE  THESE ARE SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE PICTURE!! They are one six foot LONG, beautiful, gorgeously ivory white strand! (The picture makes it look like it is two colors, which is wrong.)My husband got me these pearls an Amazon for Christmas 2 years ago, (after I researched for days and found these MOST UNBELIEVABLE PEARLS on Amazon) for $169. If you walk into a jewelry store they would be at least $2,000. I knot them and wear them as one long strand with a knot just above the cleavage, and the strand is still down to by belly button in length. I have worn them on many really special occasions (like Mother's Day and New Years, Birthdays, and to Really DRESSY occasions). Add these pearls and you go from every-day to OMG!.Last night I wore them to dinner and to a concert at a symphony hall. The waiter could tell we were off to the symphony hall concert next door (Groove for Thought from the Sing Off) by looking at my pearl strand! I have never had a piece of jewelry that made me happier besides my wedding ring! <end>  72 Inches Cultured Freshwater White Pearl Necklace  I've always wanted a long pearl necklace,and at last I've got one!This necklace is just wonderful, and I love it!The pearls are shiny and they match eachother in shape and color.Thank You so much! <end>  Beautiful but Broke almost immediately  The strand was beautiful, although not all the pearls matched well in the terms of luminosity, and a few had ripples, but pearls are not perfect. I was thrilled when I took it out of the box. It comes in a wonderful padded booklet type storage folder, quite elegant. I wore it to work today and 5 hours into my day, I went to re-adjust the strand, as I had it doubled on my neck, and with one little lift and very light tug at the strand it pulled apart and sent a pearl flying across the floor. Its going back and as much as I'd love to order a replacement, I would never feel confident it wouldn't happen again. I have a 40 dollar strand I bought on Amazon a couple of months ago, with less perfect pearls, and I use it as a lanyard for my flashdrive. Never had any problems with that one. Much as I wanted to love this strand, I can't trust it now. This is something I would want to be aware of, if I were thinking of buying. <end>  quite heavy..but really pretty!  I took 2 stars off because they are quite heavy which was expected except I can hardly wear them long in 2 or 3 layers beacause the layer or layers closer to my neck keep dragging upwards to my throat when I move to the point where its almost choking me. If I am wearing it layered the top strand keeps slipping upwards as the longer strand is heavier and pulls the necklace down and I have to keep pulling the shorter layer down to maintain the design and also to keep it from slipping up and strangling me  -) The constant pulling makes me worried that I might break the necklace and additionally I want it to look effortless and the constant pulling really doesnt help! They are very pretty pearls and seem very strongly built so a little rough handling wont harm them...though I wouldnt advise it. <end>
 B000EJCX8E  Sterling Silver Camel Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  My Mom loves camels...  So when I saw this cute little guy I knew that it was a perfect gift for her. She got it in her stocking for Christmas, and I haven't seen her without it on since. The camel is cute, and the chain is much nicer than expected. I was very pleased with my purchase, and it was delivered sooner than expected, even with the holiday postal delays. <end>
 B000EJCZ4Q  Sterling Silver French Horn Pendant, 7/8 inch Tall ||	  NOT A TROMBONE  The product description was obviously written by somebody who was not very well-informed. The image is of a French Horn--not a Trombone. Please correct this. <end>
 B000EJEKQC  Sterling Silver Squirrel Pendant, 5/8 inch Tall ||	  Squirrel fans will adore.  My girlfriend is obsessed with squirrels, and I decided to buy this necklace as one of her birthday presents. I was worried that it would not include a chain as it is described as a pendant, but thankfully it did. Great buy if your loved one likes these cute creatures. <end>
 B000EJEKRG  Sterling Silver Giraffe Pendant, 1 1/4 inch Tall ||	  Gift for lover of Giraffe  I bought this for my 14 year old sister and she loved it. She loves giraffes and this was the only giraffe necklace on Amazon she liked and approved of (yes, even though it was a gift she chose it!). It is a nice height and doesn't look cheap. However, it does not come with a chain, which is a minor detail. Yet, since I assumed it did I had to find a chain for it. <end>
 B000EJEKSA  Sterling Silver Wolf Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  Bark at the moon!  I have always loved wolves. This is a pendant that shows the beauty of the wolf. I want people to ask me why I love these animals, because I welcome the opportunity to explain why I do. I recommend this for all animal lovers. <end>  Amazing Wolf  I bought this a couple years ago, actually. But it's withstood the whole time. It still looks as beautiful as it did when I first got it. This is an amazingly detailed wolf pendant that any wolf lover should get (it would also be an excellent gift for a loved one who loves wolves). I wear this everyday, and this is the only one of my three pendants I wear when I wear my dress clothes (for interviews and such). This was the first necklace I started wearing (I'm a guy and was in high school when I got it), and my mom was surprised when I asked her to buy it for me, but she did so, and she's been impressed that it's held up so well and that I wear it everyday. I'd recommend this to anyway! <end>  Wolf Pendant  This necklace is very beautiful, but I was somewhat disappointed in the size since I bought for one of my guy friends thinking it would look manly. However it's perfect for a female and looks exactly as it does in the photo. I received it in about a week's time which isn't bad at all. <end>
 B000EJEL2K  Sterling Silver Moon Rider Pendant, 3/4 inch Tall ||	  An interesting charm  I've had one of these for years. I also have one in 14K gold from another source.They are very well made, and draw a lot of attention due to the nature of it's design.I would love to find another gold one, but they are tough to find these days.You definitely can't beat the price for this one. <end>
 B000EJELDO  Sterling Silver Large Drama Mask Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  Drama Masks  I purchased a silver drama masks necklace for my 15 year old daughter. She loves the necklace. It is good quality at a decent price. The order was filled immediately after it was placed and packaged nicely. I would definitely recommend this vendor. <end>
 B000EJELJS  Sterling Silver Medusa Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  a goddess of a pendant  I am more than pleased with this silver Medusa pendant. For various reasons I am attached to Medusa and the ideas she represents about strong, misunderstood, and misrepresented women, so I was very happy to find this on Amazon. It looks much better in person; the photo doesn't do it justice. The chain is silver and a good length--not too short--as sometimes occurs with an accompanying chain. <end>
 B000EJGDMG  Sterling Silver Cow Pendant, 1/2 inch ||	  sterling cow pendant  The cow pendant was perfect! My sister in law collects cows, and I thought she had them all until I found this one! Good quality, the seller shipped quickly, and overall, I am completely satisfied! <end>
 B000EJGE4S  Sterling Silver Dolphin with O-Ring Pendant, 5/8 inch Tall ||	  cute necklace  I bought this for my 11 year old. She is crazy for dolphins! It is a nice necklace and the chain is actually nicer then I expected. <end>
 B000EJGEFW  Sterling Silver Key Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  Sooooo pretty...  When this came in the mail, I was delighted by it. It's dainty and delicate, and the filigree is so pretty. I really love it. It also came with a thin, pretty box link chain. I don't usually wear much jewelry, but I wear this whenever I go out, and I've gotten quite a few compliments. Also, my husband likes it because it points directly at my clevage. All of this for a low, low price- 'nough said. <end>  Outstanding product & follow-up service  Today it is very unusual to find a item the vendor has put such careful thought to each detail as which chain would best fit the pendant. Still more rare is to find quick response when the item needs work. Not only was the written response great but the turn around was outstanding. This was sent as a special gift from my suddenly found soul mate from years past. When it broke I was lost without it. This liquid beauty held the "key to his heart" and I wear it always. Now I know where to go first when I am seeking superior quality and craft with a vendor that has pride in the item. <end>
 B000EJGERA  Sterling Silver Mizpah Pendant, 5/8 inch Tall ||	  Shared Heart Pendant  This was exactly what I was looking for. I wanted to give part of my "heart" to someone very special and this was a perfect way to do it. It's very rich looking for the price and the recipent liked it very much! <end>
 B000EJI6K8  Sterling Silver G-Clef Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  Not real silver  Im actually 23 yrs old but wanted my name anonymous.This was bought for me as a gift and after wearing it for 2 months the "silver" started rusting.I took it to a jeweler and the guy said its not real silver.DO NOT buy this necklace. Its NOT real silver. And now I have to throw that necklace away because its all rusted now. <end>
 B000EKIT0E  Top Mount Crystalline Gen Vine Belly Ring ||	  No go for hypo allergenic wearer  When I first recieved this navel ring I really enjoyed wearing it. It was nice and sparkely and very cute being a top mount. However, after a month, the shiny metal coating began to wear off and the copper core was revealed. As an individual who has difficulty with nickel and copper jewelry it began to irratate my navel and I can no longer wear it. It is an adorable ring; however, if you want something that lasts or have cheap metal allergies I would not recomend buying it. <end>
 B000ELCFG2  "Venezia" Earrings (Cobalt Blue) ||	  Perfect  First off, the picture above doesn't do justice to the product. My girlfriend found these to be far more beautiful than was displayed. Other than the display picture, the earrings proved to be a perfect gift. The craftsmanship is spot on, and the delivery was extremely quick. They arrived PRECISELY when I needed them to; it was almost serendipitous. Bravo to Sparklyworld; you have done this customer a solid with your quality earrings. Thanks! <end>
 B000ELCIXM  Flower with Filigree Wide Eternity CZ Band ||	  Absolutely stunning and brilliant  It is fabulous. It looks "real" and has a wonderful feel to it. I get compliments on it every time I wear it. Worth every penny! <end>
 B000EM16IY  Sterling Silver Cube Shaped Clear Multifaceted AB Crystal with 8mm x 21mm Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Exactly what she wanted...  The circumstances surrounding the purchase are personal, but all I need to say is; "It is exactly what she wanted." The charm was delivered in a timely fashion and in the description given on the page. This item came from the Amazon Marketplace and Gem Avenue was the company that fulfilled the order. The order arrived actually quicker than I expected which really made this experience positive. Also ordered a necklace and earrings to match, which were also fulfilled by Gem Avenue. Would recommend this company and will be happy to order from them again. <end>  Fast Delivery, great looking pendant, fantastic price.  I placed my order Monday morning and have my pendant Thursday afternoon. It looks fantastic and catches light and reflect your outfit so I imagine it will go well with about any top/outfit. I'd shop with Gem Avenue again! <end>
 B000EN5MY2  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Trillion Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Rhodium Plated 2mm Wide Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Love this ring!  This ring is beautiful and such amazing quality. Thank you for making a trilliant cut stone! <end>  beautiful and shipped quick  this ring shipped quick, it definitely looks real and has a pretty sparkle to it! i also bought the earrings to match! very beautiful ring! <end>
 B000ENM7Q8  Sapphire & Diamond Ring 14K 2 Tone Gold Princess Stones ||	  Perfect present for a great friend!  My best friend is going to love this ring...it's gorgeous! <end>
 B000EO76TK  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 3.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful Rolo Chain!  This is a beautiful Italian made sterling silver chain. Perfect size for a small to mid-size pendant. I bought one for my husband and liked it so much I got one for myself. Great length! Great service! And great price! <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this alittle over a year ago & LOVE it! I wear it with a slightly longer snake chain with a pendant & they look awesome together. This would also be great on its own though. I've had it on almost everyday since I bought it & it looks just as it did on day one! Can't go wrong with this chain. Pretty, shiny, sturdy, nice weight. <end>  Simply Lovely  This chain may seem delicate, but it appears to be well made and quite sturdy. It measures 1/8 of an inch in thickness and wears very nicely with my watches. The fact is, since I got it I have not taken it off. <end>
 B000EO76TU  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 3.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful Rolo Chain!  This is a beautiful Italian made sterling silver chain. Perfect size for a small to mid-size pendant. I bought one for my husband and liked it so much I got one for myself. Great length! Great service! And great price! <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this alittle over a year ago & LOVE it! I wear it with a slightly longer snake chain with a pendant & they look awesome together. This would also be great on its own though. I've had it on almost everyday since I bought it & it looks just as it did on day one! Can't go wrong with this chain. Pretty, shiny, sturdy, nice weight. <end>  Simply Lovely  This chain may seem delicate, but it appears to be well made and quite sturdy. It measures 1/8 of an inch in thickness and wears very nicely with my watches. The fact is, since I got it I have not taken it off. <end>  Beautiful Rolo Chain!  This is a beautiful Italian made sterling silver chain. Perfect size for a small to mid-size pendant. I bought one for my husband and liked it so much I got one for myself. Great length! Great service! And great price! <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this alittle over a year ago & LOVE it! I wear it with a slightly longer snake chain with a pendant & they look awesome together. This would also be great on its own though. I've had it on almost everyday since I bought it & it looks just as it did on day one! Can't go wrong with this chain. Pretty, shiny, sturdy, nice weight. <end>  Simply Lovely  This chain may seem delicate, but it appears to be well made and quite sturdy. It measures 1/8 of an inch in thickness and wears very nicely with my watches. The fact is, since I got it I have not taken it off. <end>
 B000EO76U4  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  16" Sterling Silver Rolo Chain, 3/16" Thick  This is a great chain! Great look. Well made. Excellent service. <end>  Silver Rolo Chain  Great quality!! Fast service. Needed to make exchanged...handled extremely professionally and quickly. Thank you!! A+ <end>  16" Sterling Silver Rolo Chain, 3/16" Thick  This is a great chain! Great look. Well made. Excellent service. <end>  Silver Rolo Chain  Great quality!! Fast service. Needed to make exchanged...handled extremely professionally and quickly. Thank you!! A+ <end>
 B000EO97OW  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 3.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful Rolo Chain!  This is a beautiful Italian made sterling silver chain. Perfect size for a small to mid-size pendant. I bought one for my husband and liked it so much I got one for myself. Great length! Great service! And great price! <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this alittle over a year ago & LOVE it! I wear it with a slightly longer snake chain with a pendant & they look awesome together. This would also be great on its own though. I've had it on almost everyday since I bought it & it looks just as it did on day one! Can't go wrong with this chain. Pretty, shiny, sturdy, nice weight. <end>  Simply Lovely  This chain may seem delicate, but it appears to be well made and quite sturdy. It measures 1/8 of an inch in thickness and wears very nicely with my watches. The fact is, since I got it I have not taken it off. <end>
 B000EO97RE  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 6mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Good chain  Chain looks very good. But it looks like silver balls from far. Would not reccomend for a man. <end>  VERY CUTE AD IT SILVERC  CUTE PLUS IT NEVER TURN BLACK AN IT REAL SILVER FOR THE PRICE YES THIS A A GOOD DEAL <end>
 B000EOBBAA  Sterling Silver Italian Thin Rolo Chain 2mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  great long lasting chain  i have had it for years with no tarnish at all. being a guy i dont take great care of it and it still has no signs of wear and shines plus looks great on men, its on the thinner side though so pendant cant be too big <end>  A staple for your jewelry box  I bought this chain to wear with a marlin pendant from the same seller.I use it for all my loose pendants and it works perfect.Nice quality and I'll most likely buy it in other lengths. <end>  heavy duty  This chain works very well for heavier pendants or statement pieces. Well made and sturdy. I will probably buy more. <end>  clasp too small  I really like the chain itself, very pretty and no nickel.... and I specifically did not want a lobster claw clasp. However this clasp is a bit too small for me. It is difficult for me to use. <end>
 B000EOD5CW  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  16" Sterling Silver Rolo Chain, 1/8" Thin  This is a great chain! Great look. Nicely made. Excellent service. <end>  Rolo Chain  The chain is exactly as stated in description. It is sturdy and looks very nice. There was some confusion about the shipping service due to a miscommunication from the seller, but this did not affect the time in which we received the chain. We still received it very quickly. Thanks! <end>  16 inch silver rolo chain  Received the chain in about a week. Very nicely packaged to prevent damage. The chain was exactly what I was looking for. <end>  WOW!  The picture did not do this necklace justice! I bought one for me and one for my son to give his girl-friend. He also bought her a charm (Dale Ernhart's no. in a heart) and we wanted something that would not break easily. This necklace is perfect. <end>  Rolo bracelet.  I love this bracelet. Very nicely made. Perfect size! I use it to hold my 15 year gold service award pendant from my job. <end>  Nice Silver Chain  Lovely chain and great price. I am fond of Silver jewelry because of the shine and the low price compared to the price of gold these days. I prefer yellow gold and always will, but I have been priced out of my hearts desire. LOL&lt;heavy sigh> But, be that as it may this is a great chain at a great price. It was delivered promptly and so I was pleased. <end>  rolo chain  The chain looks like it had been mended (badly) so I just tossed it out. <end>
 B000EOFHD2  East Prussia - German Bundeslander Lapel Pins ||	  A Quality Pin  I was quite pleased with this pin. It is well made and reasonably priced. <end>  good stuff with some shortcomings  I have received my ordered lapel pin and was largely satisfied with it. However, to be fair and balanced, I'm afraid that I'll have to point out the fact that...Warning  my received product does not look exactly the same as the picture of the advertised model on amazon based on which I had decided to purchase one. The quality of the pin is not bad, being smooth and glossy-looking, except the lapel-piercing needle on the back of the pin seems a little crooked downward, not outright straight which it is supposed to be, and rightly so. Moreover, though perhaps not a major defect but definitely not inconsequential to me either, the actual East Prussian flag shape of the pin is somehow slanting, sloping and inclined, making it less desirable to my taste, and inconsistent and inaccurate as compared with the straightly standing shape of the advertised model which appealed to me in the first place. The overall shape is also patently different from the advertised one. How do they account for that?Also, though unrelated to the quality of the product itself, the pin is shown to be made in China, not exactly something I am looking forward, but seemingly hard to avoid as are also the cases of most daily commodities sold in the markets of increasingly de-industrialized and manufacturing-devoid western countries nowadays. Just pathetic! <end>
 B000EOHDL6  Chile - Friendship Pin ||	  American/Chilean flag pin  I'm very happy with this pin. It is of good quality, the colors are vibrant. The detail is good and the back of the pin stays in place. I plan on buying more. <end>
 B000EOJIVE  Israel - Friendship Pin ||	  Friendship pins  Love these pins - I purchase a few before traveling to a country and give them out as thank yous or rememberances. <end>  came faster then i exspected!  i ordered this pin on the 20th of July and to my surprise i received it on the 23! it was in great condition when i got it. and I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>  Israel - Friendship Pin  Good quality. Good Price. Good deal.I've had it for about a month now and it is still in good order.The clasp on the back still works just as well as when it was brand new. <end>
 B000EOJIXC  Saudi Arabia - Friendship Pin ||	  Nice Lapel Pin  Great product for the price. The colors are spot on and the definition and clarity of the design is perfect. Seller processed and shipped the item quickly, and packaging was top notch. <end>  Quite nice!  This did actually put a huge smile on my host family's face, i bought this for him and he was very happy! there are sizes i recommend this size its more noticeable. <end>  The root of all evil  This US-Saudi friendship pin is an absolute must for all Neo-Cons, Machiavellian Zionists and (of course) Saudi citizens on American or United Airlines flights. Show your solidarity with the international Wahhabi networks! After all, they *did* save us from the godless Russian Commies in Afghanistan, right? Who knows what else these guys might come in handy for. And besides, they really do have oil.I also recommend this exquisite lapel pin to my fellow left-wing radical pinkos, who are all in favour of "democracy" and "free elections" in Egypt, Libya, Syria, Algeria... I mean, if the Muslim Brotherhood gets 75% of the votes in a free and fair election, that's a good thing, right?On sale next week  Israeli-Muslim Brotherhood friendship pin, "Proud Afghan-Taliban CIA Vet" T-shirt and "Leftist for NATO intervention" bumper sticker.Let's face it. Saudi Arabia really is the root of all evil... <end>
 B000EOL5HY  Ghana - Friendship Pin ||	  Great Friendship Pin.  I was born in Ghana but I am an American citizen. The best present I ever gave to my best friend. Long live our friendship...Long live Ghana and the USA. <end>
 B000EOLCI6  Rhineland-Palatinate - German Bundeslander Lapel Pin ||	  German Lapel Pin  Perfect for my Oktoberfest hat! It's a bit smaller then a quarter. Has a glossy finish that makes it stand out. <end>
 B000EOLD62  Saudi Arabia - National Lapel Pins ||	  Sized Right  This is a great pin for those who collect them from different countries, or for whatever reason they want a Saudi Arabia flag emblem.Best of all, this product is shipped LIGHTENING fast at very low shipping cost. <end>
 B000EOLXUI  Sterling Silver 1.9 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Amethyst Colored CZ Solitaire Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 13) ||	  fantastic  I suggest with any purchase like this, always get a jeweler to give you a correct size measure. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  Good value ring  The ring that was purchased was of good quality. It was sent as advertized and I can't ask for more. <end>  Stunning birthstone ring  I was browsing on Amazon one day and realized i have never had any form of my birth stone, I saw this ring and price and I knew I had to have it, it arrived on time and I think it is stunning, absolute perfect design and craftmans ship. I love it and will proudly where it always. Thank you. <end>
 B000EOLXVM  Sterling Silver 1.5 Carat Size Emerald Cut Blue Topaz Colored CZ Men's Solitaire Ring (Available in Sizes 8 to 13) ||	  an attractive masculine ring - very comfortable  Yes, the blue stone shown on screen is darker than the actual stone on the ring, but the blue is unmistakable, the ring is a good weight and very comfortable. There is great variation in natural stones, so I'm not the least disappointed in my purchase. A very comfortable attractive ring. <end>  Looks like Blue Topaz!  I read the reviews on this ring before I bought it. It is exactly the color that it claims to be...BLUE TOPAZ. It is much lighter than the web image, but so is Blue Topaz. That being said, the ring is great. The CZ is set solidly, the band is heavy, yet thinner on the bottom for a very comfortable fit. My husband loves it. It's not plated with Rhodium, so it looks great with regular polishing. If you're looking for an every day Blue Topaz ring for your guy without the huge price tag, this is it! You'll be happy with this one. Oh and did I mention that it shipped the same day (Thursday) and arrived a few days later (Monday)? I'll shop with Sabrina Silver again! <end>  Sabrina Silver Mens ring  This item arrived in a cheap package, jewel was loose,wrong ring size and the quality was poor. I sent it back and am waiting on refund to appear on my Amazon account. <end>  didn't like  this ring is pretty but not a blue like the photo shows its much lighter.and the first time i had it on it got a mark on it very easy.. ( <end>  EXCELLENT QUAILTY  very well made ring. the blue topaz is very high quailty. the rings fits me well and it looks nice on my finger. overall an excellent value for the money. <end>  Beautiful Ring  First, let me say that this ring was ordered on a Saturday and was delivered the next Tuesday, so very fast shipping!!!! The ring is just as described and is beautiful. It is a simple, yet elegant ring and I think that my husband will love it! I purchased this for either an Anniversary or Birthday present (both are in the next week!).He is a December baby so this is his birthstone. Thank you for a wonderful buying experience. I will do business again! <end>  Nice Ring  I recieved on time, and was what it said it was. I was happy with as a whole. And it look's good on may hand. <end>  blue topaz  this ring i am not as saticfied with. it iz not as dark blue az i thought it wld be. but from now on i'll juz but diamondz. <end>
 B000EOLY9S  Sterling Silver 1.25 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Misleading Label  The ring it's self is beautiful. But while it says ZIRCON it is ZIRCONIA!!!!(there is a BIG difference) I confirmed this with the people at Sabrina Silver. While the ring is great and worth the price don't be fooled into thinking you're getting a different stone. Aside from that I am pleased. The stones are a little whiter than the picture but not to the point of making it a bad CZ. <end>
 B000EOMJQU  Necklace, 'Blue Tear' 0.1" W 16.7" L ||	  'Blue Tear' Necklace  This necklace is beautiful and the craftsmanship is amazing. I bought one for myself and three more  one for each of my bridesmaids. It can be dressed up or down; it works well with a nice casual outfit or a more dressed up look. <end>
 B000EOMKKU  Sterling Silver 1 1/4 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Happy Customer  This ring is really beautiful! It looks like the real thing. I have been disappointed with other rings that I have paid much more for. Great Buy!!!! <end>  Beautiful Solitaire  I bought this ring to photograph for my photography portfolio. I wanted to find an inexpensive ring that looked real enough to photograph. This ring is really pretty. Aside from the metal being sterling silver (a different color from white gold and platinum), you can not tell the difference between this ring and a real diamond ring. It looked so nice that I even wore it to work and compared it to a real 2 carat round diamond from a very high class jewelry store. We could not tell the difference! I'm sure a trained eye can, but honestly, the craftsmanship and quality of this ring are very high, making it a very beautiful piece. The band is a perfect width, not too chunky, but not too thin either - just overall comfortable and pretty. My engagement ring is a princess cut, so when I'm feeling in a round mood, I wear this one with my wedding band and it looks really nice. I would highly recommend this ring to anyone looking for something that isn't fake looking nor too large of a stone but still over 1 carat. <end>  Great buy  I am very pleased with this ring. I have had several compliments on it. The sizing is perfect, the stone is brilliant and the prongs are even. It is very good craftsmanship and exactly what I was looking for. I placed the ordered and received my ring 2 days later. Good customer service and fast delivery. <end>  An amazing ring  I ordered this ring as a substitute to my real ring when traveling. It is so much more than I had expected. It is gorgeous, looks real and the band is seamless. An absolutely beautiful ring. I feel proud wearing this when it's not practical to wear my real ring. I would absolutely 100% recommend this ring, you wont be disappointed. <end>  Not Too Bad...  I ordered this ring because my wedding ring was too small for my pregnant fingers, and I wanted something to wear until they shrink back down to size. It really looks great, and is certainly worth the $15. The diamond isn't too big and it does not strike me as particularly outlandish. <end>
 B000EOMKL4  Sterling Silver 1.25 Carat Size Oval Cut Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Fine Quality  This ring, although described as a *Bridal Ring*, is a solitaire cz that can be worn at ANY time for ANY occasion. Beautiful ring! The sparkle when I'm out in the sun is amazing! The stone AND the ring are flawless, the size was accurate and I consider myself as having gotten MUCH MORE than my money's worth in this purchase.And Sabrina Silver's delivery system CANNOT be faulted. I ordered the ring and it was on my finger the second day after! I will most certainly be using this merchant again. <end>
 B000EOMVXQ  Beautiful Sterling-silver Angel with a 16/18/20/24/30 Inch Mirrored Italian Box-chain ||	  Angels from on high........  These necklaces are wonderful and truly worth more than words. I bought two, one for a friend and both of us are enjoying them fully. It's a shame there is no photograph for them as it would honestly help sell them. The small, winged angel is so perfect in details that it makes a wonderful gift or present to anyone - even to yourself! It's just the right size, comes with the perfect chain and is quite simply, just "perfect"! <end>  Most amazing angel ever!!!!  When i ordered this neckalce i was sort of skeptical about actually ordering it. i thought it was going to be something cruddy, and something that looks cheap. And really, the picture does not justice, i recieved it in the mail today and i thought it was the most beautiful angel i ever saw! its a gift for my mother, and i know she will love it! i cant wait til she opens it on christmas day! This purchase was so worth it!! Its really an amazing gift, and this angel is beautiful! <end>
 B000EOOJ1S  Sterling Silver 1.25 Carat Size Oval Cut Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  The picture is deceptive...  But in a good way! It is even more beautiful in person. I was greatly surprised and pleased. Simply gorgeous! It is obviously well made, and it shines fantastically in the sun. <end>  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful ring. The stone is very clear and really sparkles. The setting is solid silver and the band is solid. There is a lot of silver in this ring and it is beautifully finished. <end>
 B000EOOJ3G  Sterling Silver .35 Carat size Marquise Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Pre-engagement ring  This served its purpose very well being a costume ring. It was my engagement ring before him and I could afford the real thing and people really thought it was gold. It went through about 6 months of heavy wear and only broke once, (a baguette popped out) but it was easily fixed with super-glue. My real ring is modelled after this now because I loved it that much. <end>
 B000EOOJ4K  Sterling Silver .40 Carat Size Princess Cut Garnet Colored CZ Solitaire Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Nice but stone way too small  I really like the style and feel of this ring.However, the stone is much smaller than in the picture. It's about half the size of an eraser at the end of a pencil. I was disappointed in that. <end>  Ring  Was very pleased with this item, I wear it on my middle finger. I have received many compliements. No problems, rate this item 5 stars. <end>
 B000EOOJ4U  Sterling Silver 1.25 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  very nice ring  I bought this ring on Wednesday night and got it Saturday. Very quick!I got this ring as a possible stand in for my real E-ring when we went on vacation.I got it the day before my engagement party. During the engagement party, I had this ring and another fake ring (also from the same company) and my real engagement ring on my finger and asked people which one was real. About one 1/3rd said this ring was real.It was very impressive for the price. <end>  Sabrina Silver outshines them all!  The photo of this ring does not do it justice! In the past I've purchased other similarly priced rings from other sellers, and they just didn't measure up to the workmanship in this ring. Forget rhodium finish! If the ring you purchase is made of high quality hand-crafted silver, like this one, there's no need to hide imperfections under some chemical finish that peels and flakes. Do yourself a favor and select "Show only Sabrina Silver" -- You won't regret it! <end>  Just right  I just got this ring yesterday. I LOVE IT!!!! The center stone is not to big so it looks real. My sister has a ring that looks something like this one and we couldn't tell whos was the real one. ( and she paid the big bucks for hers)I hope it keeps it sparkle ans shine. I'll let everyone know how it goes. But for right now for the price buy it you will love it.It has been almost 2year since I got this ring. Still love it. But I smached my finger and one of the small stones fell out. Now I'm going to buy a new one. The old ring still looked just as good as the day I got it. The band was scratched but when I looked at my real old wedding set 14k gold so was that. For the price you can't go wrong. Your friends won't know if its real or not. <end>  So far so good!!  Ok. I just got my ring in the mail, put it on and its PERFECT! Its even prettier than I expected. I'm going to give it a few days to see how it does. Hopefully it will keep its shine nicely and not irritate my skin.Ok. I've had the ring a couple of weeks now and I absolutely LOVE IT!! It is so beautiful and looks so real and the sterling silver does not irritate my skin at all. I find myself stopping what I'm doing just to stare at it. I would definitely recommend this ring!! <end>  Looks fake  Yes I know it is fake but some look nice this just does not measure up I sent it back right away. <end>  Missing diamond.....  I've had my ring for a couple of months now. It came quickly and looked just like the image online. I have taken very good care of it and I don't wear it when putting on hair products, lotions,or while cooking. Recently i was bummed to find one of the small diamonds fell off. I pried the other small diamond off and now I wear it with just the single large stone. It still looks okay but different then the ring I purchased. <end>  oh my, it's beautiful!  you won't be disappointed! this ring is beautiful & believable. the stone isn't so big as to look fake. i love it & so does my daughter. we swap this one back & forth. <end>  NIce and really un expensive ring  At first i was looking for an engagement ring for my now fiance, but she saw the blood diamond movie, so she asked me to get a "Non diamond ring", honestly i dont think that i could have done better, this ring is really nice, it took a trip to the jewelry because of the size of my girl's hand, but everything was perfect <end>
 B000EOOJ7W  Sterling Silver 5.0 Carat Size Oval Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Guaranteed to Please!!  When I first looked at this ring, I passed it up because I thought it would be way too big for my hand. The more I looked at it the more I wanted it. I received it today and MY OH MY! When it says the ring is flawless in the description, they mean it. The shine, weight and quality rival any other CZ rings I own. You could definitely fool anyone into thinking it was real...if they don't know you! True to its picture and description A+ buy! Take this one out and flaunt it! <end>
 B000EOXXCE  Kosta Boda Wear Twist Black and White ||	  Outrageous  This is an outrageous price for such a small, insignificant piece of glass. I do hot glass and I'd charge about $15 for that. <end>  5-star quality, but too big for me  The glass pendant on this necklace is gorgeous. But, I found the pendant to be too big for my neck. (The length of the pendant was about 2-1/2-inches long and 1/4-inch wide.) The leather chain is of good quality and seems durable. If you like bigger pendants, this is a perfect necklace! <end>
 B000EOZSBI  Kosta Boda Wear Sign Heart ||	  Different and delightful  Not for everyone, it is a bit out of the ordinary. My wife adores it and wears it to the office. <end>
 B000EP9A4I  Sterling Silver Aurora Borealis Crystal Snowflake or Star Pendant with Chain Necklace ||	  Beautiful, but fragile.  When the necklace arrived I was so happy. It shifted from baby blue to a peachy-orange in the light and if the sun hit it right small hearts were reflected onto the nearby walls and ceiling. I'm not sure whether I was too rough with it, but after noticing that I had strange scratches on my chest I inspected the necklace and realized it had chipped. I never dropped the necklace or smacked it around but it had one large chip at the end of the point of a flake and another small one. I can no longer wear the necklace because it leaves scratches all across my chest, and am very disappointed. Perhaps if I purchased a longer chain I would not have this problem. But a necklace should not be so fragile. Be careful with it if you do decide to buy it. <end>  Must Contain Nickel  I'm highly allergic to nickel, it's my only allergy so I bought this item since it was supposed to be a sterling silver thing to connect it to the chain. It must have had nickel since I had a severe reaction to them with a short while of wearing it. Also their necklace chains caused severe reaction as well.Other than the nickel problem it is a very beautiful necklace and very pretty in the sun, would highly recommend if you have no nickel problem. <end>  Lovely!  This necklace is gorgeous! It's eye-catching and unique and I love how it sparkles. You get flashes of red, pink, and blue depending on the angle the light hits it. It's a nice size; noticible but not too chunky. I can't speak for the durability because I just got it, but I love it so far! <end>
 B000ER5YJG  Pugster Silver Foil Green Crusted Round Pendant Earring Set ||	  Different chain  The pendant itself is beautiful, but the cross came on a really cheap and ugly chain that resembles something you'd see on a key chain, not someones neck. It would be different if the seller showed this in the picture (I wouldn't have bought it if they had), but they didn't. They showed something that actually looks halfway decent.I guess don't buy this unless you have a chain to put the pendant on. <end>
 B000ER7EQM  Southwestern Style Chevron Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay and Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 12, #1775 ||	  Soooo Happy!!!  These rings are beautiful. Excellent quality. I was absolutely thrilled when I received them. They were packaged securely and delivered sooner than expected. All in all, a wonderful experience! My parents love, love, love their 50th anniversary gifts!! Thank you. <end>
 B000ES003U  Sterling Silver Medium Bali Hoop Earrings, 1 3/8" diameter ||	  hard to fasten  These are very nice Bali-style and a good size. They are very hard to fasten, though, hope if you get them you have a lot of patience or a good friend that will help put them on you !! Carol <end>  Hard to fasten  I love these earrings but the are really hard to fasten. I purchased smaller ones for my 2nd and 3rd holes and they are much easier. Maybe it's the size of these that make the design a bit flawed. I do love them, though, when I can get someone else to fasten them for me! <end>  Not Secure  I love the look and size of these earrings but could not fasten them because the way the wire is to go in the earlobe, it was wobbly and I could not close them to secure them. <end>
 B000ES1714  Sterling Silver GODDESS BLESS Word Necklace, w/ 18 inch Box Chain ||	  Illegible  I bought this as a gift for my goddess daughter. Unfortunately, it is completely illegible--worse than pictured. You can't make it out, even when staring at it up close, let alone on someone's neck. <end>
 B000ES17BE  Sterling Silver Small Bali Hoop Earrings, 9/16" diameter ||	  Little Bali hoop earrings, a jewelry staple  I bought these in 2008. Finally, earlier this year of of them broke. That is about 5 years of almost continuous wear for very little cost. They are small and elegant, go with everything, and lasted through 2 babies tugging at them without ever coming out. Will I be buying some more? Oh yes! <end>  I love these!  These are super little earrings. I wear them every day. A very good purchase. <end>
 B000ES1RA0  14k White Gold Cross Pendant, 18" ||	  Loved the Cross  I received the cross pendant with the necklace extremely fast! I couldn't believe how quick you processed my order. The cross was everything I had hoped it would be. As far as the necklace, it's really thin. I would probably suggest investing in a better necklace to hold the very sturdy and solid 14kt white gold cross. I'm giving it to my nephew as a confirmation gift. <end>  Happy customer  I ordered this chain on Sunday night Australia-time for expected delivery 6 business days later, but on the Priority Courier International of 3-5 business days. So I contacted Amazon who did their best to get the chain to my door by the Friday, so I could present the chain to my nephew for his Christening on the Sunday.The chain arrived within four days, on the Thursday before the Sunday - and three days early of the expected delivery date.Thank you Amazon for your speedy delivery and realistic presentation of the product online so I had a very good idea of what I was buying. The chain is exactly what I imagined and expected. <end>  Excellent Product  I've searched all over for a nice cross pendant, and this one provides an excellent value for the price. Both the chain and pendant are durable and made of quality white gold. I purchased it for my husband several months ago, and he has never taken it off - and it still looks brand new! It is a perfectly-sized unisex piece and would work well for anyone. I highly recommend it. <end>  Tasteful  My mother and I selected this cross for my boyfriend as a Christmas present. He was overjoyed when he received it and wears it everyday. If I say so myself, it looks very nice on him. The size isn't too small, and the design is simple but beautiful. Basically, you get what you pay for. <end>  14 K White Cross Pendant  I bought this for myself. My daughters thinks it is a tad big but I think it is just right. I did put it on a little heavier chain that I had. It is beautiful and am glad I bought it. If you are looking for a beautiful piece of jewlery you will not be disappointed in this cross. <end>  Nice cross but too thin a chain!  The product was shipped on time and arrived in just two days. I was kind of disappopinted when I received it. If you look at the image of the cross pendant closely, there is black shadow chromed on the bottom edge. However, when I received the real product, the whole cross pendant is in silver color only. I firstly thought they shipped the wrong item. This is not the most disappointing part. The chain is really thin for such a medium-size cross. The product description does not specify the gender. For girls, the thin chain might look alright. But for a guy, it is way too small. Overall, the pendant looks nice and delicate although the color does not match the image here. I really hope they can offer a bigger chain for this beautiful cross. After wearing it for a while, I got lots of compliments!  ) <end>  14k White Gold Cross Pendant  This item I Loved and most so did she; after I bought a heaver chain for it. The chain was far to light. Looks better with a 26&#34; chain X 3mm. Thank You, Otis <end>  Cross is Beautiful...Chain not 18&#34;  The cross is as expected - very simple and elegant. It is a larger sized cross but still classy. The chain however should be 18&#34; long but it wasn't. It barely fit around my husband's neck (his neck size 17&#34;). I now have to buy another chain so that my husband can wear it. <end>  Beautiful  It is very beautiful. I brought it for my boyfriend, for xmas. I can't wait to see the look on his face when he gets it. It's the perfect size. Its not too big or small. I never did like BIG crosses, especially on those guys who wear them super low lol Where it looks like its ganna hit their belly botton lolBut this chain is so perfect. The chain is thin but I dont want to get another chain cause it looks too perfect to do that. If you get this chain for your guy, its PERFECT. I, personally, like smaller ones for women but even if I bought this for myself, it could work.  ) <end>   ) Fast delivery.. nice pendant  This was very nice in person... a little smaller than i thought.. it was 2 inches like stated but that was including the clasp..which was stated as well.. i must have missed that . All and all though very nice .The delivery was so quick. I did do express delivery but it was still very fast even for that . I believe i ordered it on a Tuesday afternoon and received it the next day! <end>  Very Nice Cross!  I bought this cross for my girlfriend, and when it arrived I thought maybe it was too big, but after she wore it and we got used to it, it seemed very nice. It's quite beautiful too. The chain is a little thin, as box chains are, but overall I am very happy. Thanks! <end>  I still haven't seen it but she's happy  I live outside of US, but my girlfriend will be on christmas season in New York, when I saw it, I said so myself, it would be a beautiful christmas present for her, today she's very happy for the pendant. This is indeed a great gift. <end>
 B000ES4WE8  Sterling Silver I VOTE PRO-CHOICE Word Necklace, w/ 18 inch Box Chain ||	  Good Necklace  It's exactly what I wanted, it's not too big, yet people with in a few feet of me can read it. Perfect! <end>
 B000ES4WFM  Sterling Silver LITTLE MISS PERFECT Word Necklace, w/ 18 inch Box Chain ||	  This is Perfect.  I bought this as a gift for a friend who watched the show "Little Miss Perfect" as a gift. I don't know if it has anything to do with the show. But my friend loved it. Now that the show is off the air, he loves it even more. It's hanging from his rear view mirror. It's shinier than it looks the picture. But it was the perfect gift. <end>
 B000ES5GR0  14k Yellow Gold Cross Pendant Necklace, 18" ||	  Greater than expected  Bought it for christening of my godson and absolutely everyone told me that the cross was excellent very stylish and good quality. <end>  Nice cross, thin chain  The cross to this necklace is very nice. However, the chain is very thin. If I had seen this necklace in person, I probably would not have bought it. <end>  gold cross and chain  Purchased this item for my wife at Christmas. The item is perfect. Wish the cross was a little smaller and the chain a bit larger but it is just fine. <end>  very heavy  I highly recommend it. It is not just stamped out. It is actually very heavy and sizable. I don't know exactly how these things are made but the craftsmanship is there. It's very hefty and sizable to hold. My wife will love it. <end>
 B000ESD84S  Sterling Silver Snake Chain Ankle Bracelet ||	  Flirty yet Bold  Bought this as a gift for one of my close friends, it was very shiny and sturdy. It looks great against a darker skin tone. <end>  Simple, but sexy  I have had this sterling silver ankle bracelet for about 7 months now and despite it delicate and feminine look, it's held up remarkable well. I was originally attracted to this anklet due to it's simple elegance. I find that I can wear it with pretty much any outfit and for any occasion without it looking out of place. It's very easy to take on and take off, but I usually forget it's on until someone comments about it. <end>  Love it  Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it... Nice and sturdy which I like so it won't brake easily  ) <end>  Fantastic  I received it fast. I have not taken it off since I got it. It hasn't turned colors either. I am very satisfied. <end>  Anklet  This chain is beautiful, appears delicate and feminine, yet is incredibly sturdy. I'm not easy on any jewelery products and this chain has held strong. <end>  Can't tell it is there anklet!  Sterling! Beautiful! Shiny! Can't tell it is there. I sleep in it, swim in it, bathe in it, only change it if I want an anklet with color to match my outfit. A must buy for any lady who want ankle jewelry! <end>  lasalle  This was the second anklet I ordered but it was the first to arrive. Like the other anklet I ordered it runs big, but it really is a pretty anklet and it is very light weight. <end>  Pretty  This is a very pretty anklet. The fine chain is discreet, yet detectable. You can easily add a charm and the price is ridiculously low. Love it. <end>  It's a nice snake chain.  This chain is what you would expect. I bought it to pair with others. <end>  Elegent  I bought it for my trip but I like it so much that I wear it everyday. So simple and light. <end>  LOVE this anklet!  I have two of these anklets. I liked the first one so much that I ordered the second to have as a spare/back-up. My ankle measures 8 1/2" and I ordered the 9" anklet. It fits perfectly! I wear it 24/7 and never take it off. Every once in a while it seems to be a little tarnished (from body lotion, I believe) and all it takes is a quick swipe with a silver polishing cloth and voila ... as pretty as new! If you are looking for an anklet that you can wear all the time this is the anklet for you. It is very smooth and doesn't catch on clothing. I am very pleased with my purchase of this anklet! <end>  Nice bracelet!  I like this bracelet a lot. It's sturdy, attractive and looks very nice. The price was reasonable, and it meets my needs. <end>  Beautiful chain  I ordered this type of chain because it is very strong. For an ankle bracelet this is important. I was so pleased when I received it. It is so shiny, slim and pretty. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a sturdy ankle chain tha is not too wide. I love it. <end>  LOVE my anklet!!  I love my anklet......I have larger legs and can't just pop in a shop and pick one off the shelf!! I order this anklet approximately 2 months ago before going to the beach....Shipping was super fast and it was just what I ordered! I've been in the ocean and several pools and it still has'nt turned green, nor has it discolored my sking(like most do...even when they say they are sterling silver)......It still has the shine that it had when I got it in the mail.....Thanks and I will purchase another one should something ever happen to this one!.....~One happy customer! <end>  Invest in something more sturdy!  Originally ordered two 9" chains. But the chains were too small. Had to return them for 10" ones. Spent an extra $2.80 and $3.99 for shipping. UPDATE  10/15/12 One of the chains broke from regular wear..I would purchase a sturdier one the next time.. <end>  Cute  I finally return it because it was too long for me but since i really like it i bought the same style but shorter one. It is really cute <end>  Lovely Anklet  I was very pleased with this item - Very simple and elegant looking - I have already received various compliments on the anklet and will definitely be purchasing from this seller again. Thanks! <end>  Good Anklet, but arrived tarnished  The ankle is good for the price but needed some elbow grease to make it shine. It arrived a bit on the tarnished side, but not bad enought to send back. Good value for the dollar. Thanks <end>  Exactly as picture;)  I am very satisfied with this ankle bracelet. It is shiny and actually looks even better than I expected. This is a nice anklet for the price, I would highly recommend it. <end>  ankle bracelet  I love by ankle bracelet. It is beautiful and very well made! I liked it so much I ordered another one for a friend of mine <end>  very durable  This chain is very delicate and attractive and at the same time is very durable. This is the second summer I've worn it and it still looks like new. <end>  Exceptionally Sturdy!  This anklet is not only beautiful, but it's extremely sturdy! I haven't ever been able to wear an anklet for very long because they're so fragile & break so quickly. This anklet holds up exceptionally well, & it's beautiful to boot! I'm THRILLED with my purchase & plan to get both my daughters & granddaughters one of these too! <end>  Absolutely satisfied!  I ordered this ankle bracelet because of the high satisfaction ratings and, sure enough, I agree! It arrived quickly and looks absolutely gorgeous! I have already ordered another item from them! <end>  Lots of Sparkle!  This is a great anklet. Love the longer length, you don't even know it's there. Very comfortable. It also has a easy to work clasp. Over all excellent buy!! <end>  wonderful !  I am awed at this remarkable ankle bracelet.It is the most lovely piece I have ever bought. <end>  Daughter-in-law loved it  This was a Christmas gift for one of my daughters-in-law. She loves it! I actually bought her two ankle bracelets from this merchant and she loves both of them. I am very happy that she's happy! Both bracelets were as promised and delivered very quickly. I would buy from this merchant again with no hesitation. <end>  Ankle bracelet  This is a great anklet, it does not snag on anything and is very comfortable to wear. <end>  snake chain  It was very pretty and delicate. I bought it for my granddaughter forChristmas. I'm sure she will like it. <end>  Lovely anklet  I agree with the other reviewers that this is a fine ankle bracelet. Very pretty, very nice quality. Unfortunately, I have "cankles" and not ankles, so it was a bit too small for me to wear. I'll give it to a friend. This anklet does not come in a bigger size, so I ordered a different style in a larger size -- also from Gem Avenue. I'm hopeful it will be just as nice. <end>  Glitter-lucious!  this anklet is glitter-licious! recently, i lost weight & none of my toe rings fit anymore. this anklet is magnificent! i will have to get another! <end>
 B000ESXWWG  Sterling Silver Anklet Singapore Chain Ankle Bracelet With Spring Ring Clasp ||	  Great anklet  Wonderful little anklet that I am using as a bracelet. I have been wearing it non-stop since I received it and am extremely pleased with its composition. Don't let its dainty appearance fool you --- its pretty robust. and I'm pretty rough on jewelry (....ok,I'm rough on everything.) You won't be disappointed! Highly likely to purchase from this seller again. <end>  Love it  Great product to buy, its simple and i have been wearing it ever since i got it to get it used to my ankle. The anklet is really thin and i thought with at least one good tough pull that it would break and fall off. So far it hasnt (and i tested it with a few accidents myself), showing its remarkable sturdiness or whatever its called xS. I also appreciate the fast shipping, a great anklet to buy! <end>  Great purchase!  This anklet is very pretty and very well made; much better than expected for the great price. It arrived very quickly, no issues; Great Seller, Thanks! <end>  Love(d) it!!  I bought this bracelet about a year ago and had been wearing it for weeks without taking it off. I noticed this past weekend that it wasn't on my ankle anymore. I'm SOOOOOOO disappointed that I lost it. It was exactly the right length and complimented another one that I wear so well. I'm ordering another one today!! <end>  Love my new ankle bracelet!  I had one just like it before and the darn thing broke! this one is so much better and shiny. I like mine to be a tight fit so my is 9". I love it. <end>  Please with my purchase  "I've been looking for a longer anklet for awhile and was so pleased when I saw this. The price is great and the anklet is beautiful. Very shiny and good durability. " <end>  Ohhh SHINY lol  This is a great buy! The anklet is delicate and dainty yet durable. (and very shiny)  -) <end>  Perfect gift wear...  I ordered two of these little anklets, and was quite surprised at how well made they were for the price. Now, I have to compose myself to not open them, and save for a gift for my daughter and grand daughter, since we all have about the same tastes in things. I've been doing my shopping in here for next year. As for this particular product, it's the perfect chain to wear with some of the other more ornate ones offered. I was shocked when I saw, sterling silver, not just plating offered at this price. I doubt they will last long at this price. I plan to order a couple for myself. Enjoy, a must buy. <end>  Nice quality  This was a very nice looking and nice quality ankle bracelet. I was very pleased with how it looked. And at a great price. <end>  Elegant & Sexy  My wife simply loves this anklet. It's eye-catching design is both elegant and sexy. It's hard to miss! A perfect complement to any dress and heels. Certainly exceeded our expectations. This item will not disappoint! <end>  Anklet bracelet  I recently purchased the Silver Anklet Bracelet, and I love it.It is very strong and the clasp is very secure, to avoid loss.The design of the bracelet is unique and very flattering.I highly recommend this product and this seller, this is one of several purchases through this seller and I have been very pleased with each one. <end>  Awesome!  I love this purchase! It is very pretty, and strong! I was worried that it might be weak & break easily. But so far it hasn't! I strongly recommend this product!! <end>  Beautiful  I am extremely pleased with this beautiful anklet. It is as detailed as described. I received it very quickly. And because I ordered the wrong size I had to return it. I followed the very clear instructions on returning it. And was pleasantly surprised at how smoothly the exchange went.Very pleased with the wonderful customer service and of course the ankle bracelet.Thank you <end>  Love my anklets  I have been in search of a simple yet sturdy anklet for quite some time. I've tried a few - some are too ornately designed and 'fussy', some have trinkets that fall off soon after wearing, but once I saw these on Amazon, and especially for the price I knew I had to try it. I ordered the anklet in silver and gold.The items came well packaged and they were beautiful! Simple yet elegant - just the way I like it! I am very happy with my purchases. <end>  ankle braclet  Nice quality. Price was fantastic buy. Did not expect much for that price but was pleasantly surprised. Have been wearing it several weeks now with no problems. Thanks!LaDonna Schukei <end>  nice, very nice  i am stunned at how nice this bracelet is, it was a bargin at this price, diamond cut and sparkles, shines, very nice, if you are looking for a bracelet with some width to it, this is not it, however it seems to be a very sturdy, well made item good for if you just want a bit of sparkly jewelry around your ankle.i am happy with it, enough to check out other items this vendor is selling........ <end>  Amazing anklet  I recently purchased this anklet based on other reviews and the price. I was not disappointed. The anklet is very well made. The design is unusual and very pretty. I liked it so much I am now ordering the necklace and bracelet to match. <end>  Well worth the cost!  This delicate chain/anklet is just what I was looking for! I just wanted something that would look attractive around my ankle and this is the perfect simple item it promised to be in its description. <end>  Nice Anklet  This is a cute, though delicate, anklet. The Singapore styling is cute. I am hard on jewelry and this anklet stands up to me. <end>  Beautiful  Arrived quickly. Beautiful and delicate. Fits nicely. Will look nice with sandals. I am very pleased with this product and will probably order more for gifts. <end>  Shining!  Love this little thing! It is simple-style, well made and sparkles even under indoor light. Would definitely recommand this for such a good price. <end>  Don't buy if you can afford quality  I guess I should've known better for the price, $6 i think for a sterling silver ankle bracelet... not good. I shouldve waited and spent the extra money for something good. The seller was great and everything came fast and whatnot but i KID YOU NOT, this bracelet turning my skin BLACK! The bracelet so far maintained its color and still looks pretty but it turned my foot BLACK. My cousin told me to throw it away before my foot falls off! No bueno. <end>  Cute  Just got this yesterday. Super fast shipping. All the other reviewers are right. This is so shiny and pretty. Fits my ankle perfect. I want another in case this breaks. Too cute <end>  Looks great!  I put this on the day it came and haven't taken it off yet! I like the look...simple and sparkles just a little due to the twist in the chain. It was just what I wanted. It looks good with an additional bracelet if wanted as it fits snug to the ankle but not too tight for me. I have trouble with sizes and this one "just fits". I'm not sure how long it will last wearing it non-stop but so far so good! <end>  11" ankle bracelet....  Purchased this ankle bracelet for my grandaughter...I think that it is very well made, and is a very pretty, delicate, yet substancial bracelet. Received the item before the due date, and am very satisfied with this purchase. Would not hesitate to order from this vendor again. <end>  indestructible. so far...  Like many reviewers, I've gone through many anklets. At least a few each summer. Why you ask? I never take it off. I'm too lazy to be the type of person that removes all jewelry everyday. I've had it a few months and I have not taken it off. Literally. I wear it to sleep, under socks with tennis shoes, while swimming, showers, etc etc. This is the first anklet I have ever had that has not broken. It also looks amazing; its very thin but noticeable. I recommend this to anyone that wants an anklet; its truly worth every penny. <end>  Love this Ankle bracelet!  I love this ankle bracelet I wear it everyday!! It's looks very expensive, I get compliments all the time!! I would recommend this for summer and winter wear! Whether it's with a nice sundress, evening or shorts it looks great! <end>  Singapore Chain Anklet  This anklet is definitely a great buy. The silver is very very white, which is hard to find. The twisting of the chain makes it sparkle and look interesting and delicate. However, it's still tough and doesn't break easily. Beautiful! <end>  Beautiful Anklet  This is a very pretty anklet. I purchased the 9 inch and it is a little snug but I think that is par for the size. the next size up seemed like it would be too big for me. The chain is silver, it's a little thinner then I thought it would be but not drastically thin, just dainty and feminine. It arrived somewhat fast and well packaged. I would recommend this item and seller. <end>  so pretty!  I was looking for a pretty anklet but didn't want to spend a lot. I saw this one and saw it had good reviews so i decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed! its so sparkly and pretty. it isn't chunky which i like because i have little ankles. It is very sturdy and you can't beat the price! great buy! <end>  Ankle Bracelet  Bought this item for my wife, she is very pleased. Attractive piece, and very sturdy construction even though dainty <end>  My Bling  I am very impressed with the strength of this ankle bracelet. Thought I would loose it while swimming but it surprised me. Have received compliments on my ankle "bling" as I call it. It's fun to wear. First product I've purchased from this vendor but may have to look at more of the stock. <end>  great  The anklet was too big when I first received it. So I sent it back and another was promptly sent out to me. I was really impressed with the quick response! Thanks! <end>  Very happy customer  I bought a 10-inch anklet and it is wonderful. I am very happy with my purchase. It is delicate, yet not flimsy. The singapore chain sparkles nicely. The 10-inch is a perfect fit for me, and falls nicely below the ankle bone. There is no discomfort when I walk. (The anklet is best worn without socks or shoes, as that may be uncomfortable.) I haven't had this for long enough to see whether it tarnishes, but all silver does eventually. This can be dealt with by cleaning with a special polishing cloth, or using a jewelry cleaning liquid, so I'm not worried about this potential problem.Delivery was speedy, and I would definitely recommend this product. <end>  Very lovely ankle bracelet  This ankle bracelet is very nice. It sparkles when it is being worn and looks very nice. I love the Singapore style and the fit, is perfect. It looks more expensive than it is. I would definately recommend this ankle bracelet to anyone who is looking for this type of chain. And for the price, you just can't go wrong. Thanks Amazon.......... <end>  Cute anklet  I highly recommend this vendor to all who like wearing anklets. The quality is wonderful as is this vendor. <end>  Very cute  This anklet is very cute and the way the silver twists it is very shiny. I have a bit of trouble with the clasp, but for the price I'd recommend this product to everyone. <end>  Excellent  This ankle bracelet is very cute! I am very pleased with the purchase. Looking forward to my next purchase. <end>  Thin but nice-looking  The product was a lot thinner than I imagined, however it is very nice-looking and my girlfriend loves it. You can't go wrong with the price either. <end>  Very cute!  I purchased two of these and can't wait to wear them when I go to Florida. They are very cute, good quality and look great on. Order with confidence. <end>  Beautiful piece!  I still wear this and it has not worn down and still looks as new as the day I got it! <end>  Lovely Silver Ankle Bracelet  This is a beautiful silver ankle bracelet. I was amazed at the price and free shipping. Very well made and looks great on the ankle. The item came very quickly and packaged as advertised. I am very happy with it and have been wearing it daily. Lots of compliments. I would definitely buy from this seller again! <end>  Cutie!  I just got it today! It's super cute. I love it. It fits perfectly around my ankle. I got the 9 inch one. My ankle isn't that big because I'm small (5 feet tall). I want to wear this forever! It makes my feet feel so cute and pretty. I hope it never breaks because I want to wear it always! <end>  Beautiful Delicate Anklet!!  This anklet is beautiful!! It is DELICATE but NOT FLIMSY and it is perfect for small ankles. Be sure to read description as it is 9" long and if you have large ankles, this may be too tight for you. I am 5'3" 115 lbs so this fit like a charm! Absolutely made of Sterling Silver. Can be worn under stockings/nylons without tearing them or looking bulky. Anklet has a nice twisting design and shines in the light. This is exactly what I was looking for, I may just order another because the price was perfect too! Hope this helps...enjoy! <end>  Wow Cute  I really like this anklet. It's very cute and it sparkles just like everyone said. It's thin but it seems to be holding on just fine. I worth wile purchase for the price. <end>  Sparkly  Very pretty piece of jewelery!! Not too much and very sparkly. Doesnt get tight on my ankle and will look great in the sun next summer!! <end>  Nice Bling for Around the Ankle!  Really pretty and elegant anklet. Fits nicely with just a bit of drape. Looks sexy and has a nice sparkle to it without being too obvious. Easy to put on and take off too! <end>  Cute, but...  I've been wanting an anklet for a long time now. I decided on trying this one out first because of all the great reviews. As everyone else has said, this is a great product and is very dainty and pretty. Best thing is, it fits!..especially since I guessed on what size I should order. The only reason I gave it a 4/5 stars is because it was a lot thinner than the picture shows but it is priced accordingly so it's not that big of a deal. I've been wearing it for a week now and it hasn't broken despite it being so dainty so I am very happy with this product. I am super active and usually end up breaking dainty jewelry but it passed the test and I love how it looks! Buy it! <end>  Dainty and perfect  This is the cutest silver anklet I've ever owned. The 9 inch chain fits me perfectly and it also looks great. I am impressed! <end>  Ankle Bracelet  I absolutely love it! Nothing else to say here. I will get a lot of use out of it. It was exactly what I was looking for. <end>  Very Nice Product  The ankle bracelets were very pretty but I had to return them since they were just a little to small for my ankle. I am sad that I had to return them because they were so pretty. <end>  Im pleased  Im gay and bought this anklet for the summer. Its a bit thin than i wanted it to be but im getting used to it. Ive had it one for a week, sleeping and bathing in it, its strong and shiny. Id recommend if you like thin anklets. The handle was a bit hard to put on though. <end>  Anklet  Love the simplicity and durable lightweight anklet! I wear it 24/7 and sometimes forget it is on. Added a petite charm. <end>  Good quality  Inexpensive, arrived on time and what I wanted. I would suggest measuring your ankle to get the right size, luckily I guessed correctly. <end>  GREAT  Love them! Nice and danty, Looks good on. I have one one each leg, Looks good on very tanned legs. <end>  Singapore Chain Ankle Bracelet  Received the bracelet today and put it on right away. Love ankle bracelets but always have a hard time finding a size that fits. This one is perfect. <end>  Good service  I received this anke braclet but it was broken, they sent me a pickup tag and sent me a new one, its beautiful!thanks for the good service, will do business with them again! <end>  Cute!!  Cute, simple and cheap! I love it!! I bought this one another time a few months ago and it fell off, so just be really careful when you are putting on pants on lotion and check to make sure it is there some you dont lose it. <end>  Ankle Bracelet  Very pretty braclet. Simple, yet classy. Light weight. I would have liked it to be a bit thicker, but I am still very satisfied with the quality of the bracelet. <end>  anklet  received this anklet on a timely basis and was pleased when it arrived. very sparkly and pretty. can't wait to wear it. <end>  Beautiful anklet & you won't find a better price!  This is a beautiful anklet! I was pleased with the design and the ease of being able to wear it every day! I've not taken it off since it arrived and it's held up under socks, in the shower, and in bed. And though I haven't worn it with hose yet, It doesn't seem to snag. It's a simple clean and subtle design and if you do leave it on, you will hardly know it's there. You will not regret a purchase of this item. <end>  thinner than it's look on the picture..  it's a good quality bracelet, i wearing it everyday even in shower. the bracelet still shiny. the only drawback is, it's very thin. <end>
 B000ET4JEA  Pastel Aurora Gem DAISY Belly Button Ring #2 ||	  pretty but made badly  this belly ring is really pretty but the daisy part is actually moveablei cant exactly explain it but it can only move front and back on the end of the bar. when i wear it the regular way it doesnt stay in place its just floppy, but when i wear it in reverse it holds still but its really large for a reversible belly ring. Ive seen my share of belly button rings this is different. But everyone has their own opinion , this is just mine. But ill keep getting belly rings from body candy i previously have and they have many nice ones. <end>
 B000ET7I5C  Pearl earrings, 'Clusters of Sky Berries' 0.6" W 2.6" L ||	  Outstanding  Couldn't be more pleased. The picture doesn't really do it justice. Unique, beautiful, tremendous value, and delivered EARLY. AND, she loved it! What more could you ask for? <end>
 B000ET7TW4  Passion Pink Gem SOARING STAR Chain Drop Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Fun belly button ring  This dangle belly ring is one of my favorites. The gems are in the shape of stars and dangle, which is great for a "going out" ring. Also, the price makes it worth it. Great quality. <end>
 B000ETJDVO  Pugster Add Photo Custom Gift Ideas Italian Charm ||	  Brilliantly Done  I've done this photo charm about five times. Each charm came out great. I used old photos that were'nt the best quality and they still came out clearly. I also used movie stills and high quality photos they all turned out wonderfully. <end>
 B000ETLI08  Sterling Silver Script Initial Letter A Alphabet Pendant Flawless Polish, 1 1/2 inch long ||	  A STERLING EXPERIENCE!!!  I had been looking for a nice initial necklace for a long time that was not only of a good quality but one that was large enough to stand out. This one is perfect! I was really happy with the item itself as well as the service! I have since bought another item from this seller! <end>
 B000EU11NG  Sterling Silver Pink Crystal Rondelle Hook 20" Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  awesome!  I bought this item as a gift for my friend's mom. It arrived earlier than expected and the lady just loved it. This item is a good-buy(awesome price for this wonderful earrings) as a gift or personal use. <end>  Great Earrings  I bought three pairs of these earrings for the bridesmaids in my wedding. I had looked in stores and was never able to find three matching pairs. I found these earrings on Amazon for a great price, and the girls loved them! <end>  Nice bling!  This is a pretty pair of Swarovsky earrings, lots of dazzle and bling. I have eternity rings to match. A great addition to your jewelry wardrobe. <end>  beautiful but falls out easy  These are absolutely beautiful but the first time I wore them they fell out. Lucky for me it landed in my car. I am just going to buy a stopper so they will not fall out again. <end>
 B000EVQ8MY  Pugster Ocean Wave Cubic Zircona Fashion Jewelry Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Cool Design but.......  Less than three months later, the cz diamonds started falling out, starting with the biggest one. Very sad now  ( <end>
 B000EVT0CO  10K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Tennis Bracelet (8") ||	  Poor quality and Customer Service- buyer beware  Received this as a gift from my husband. He had it gift wrapped and held it for the occasion. When I opned the bracelet, we were both very disappointed. The quality was very poor and bracelet did hand nicely on the wrist. He contacted the seller through Amazon to request a refund. They refused to refund or exchange the item. Unfortunately he had not opened the item when it was received, since it was gift wrapped. He held it beyond their return window, as he was saving it to be gifted. I called the vendor myself to explain and seek a compromise. They were unyeilding, explaining that they could not return the bracelet to their vendor or restock it, so we were out of luck. Beware of the return policy with this vendor especially if it is a gift. <end>
 B000EW4VMM  Sterling Silver Round Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia 7 MM X 8 MM Stud Earrings Pendant Set ||	  Check the size before buying  When I bought them, I didn't expect them to be so big. That is my fault and although I've grown to love them, they are a bit too big for everyday wear. <end>
 B000EW755W  Sterling Silver Baroque Shape Light Green Multifaceted Crystal 1.5 inch Long Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  GREEN CRYSTAL PENDANT  THIS PENDANT IS VERY PRETTY, BUT DOES NOT REFLECT LIGHT LIKE I EXPECTED IT WOULD. I LIKE THE COLOR, WHICH IS UNUSUAL, BUT THE SHAPE IS A LITTLE HEAVIER THAN EXPECTED. EVEN THOUGH MY PERSONAL PREFERENCES ARE REFLECTED IN THIS REVIEW, FOR SOMEONE WHO LIKES LARGER JEWELRY, IT IS A VERY NICE PIECE. I WOULD RECOMMEND IT AND IT MAKES A NICE GIFT. <end>  Exactly what I expected  I like this pendent a lot. Pretty color, solid feel and not at all fragile. Does not refract light the way you think a crystal pendant might but for $9 I wasn't expecting that. <end>
 B000EWDFCY  Anklet - Indonesian, Tradewind Beads ||	  perfect bead anklet  I love this product as it is strong, simple, earthy colors, blends well with most of what one would wear, I have recieved a few compliments on it. Wear and tear will come with time, as I shower with it on sometimes, and most others dont stand up to that kind of wear and tear. A great purchase which I found by mistake oneday. <end>
 B000EXSAO6  Necklace - N274 - Flip Flop Slipper ~ Gold Tone (Lg) ||	  One of My Favorites  I love this necklace, especially since I love wearing flipflops. It looks like the picture and everyone notices it and thinks it is cute. <end>
 B000EXUFI0  Necklace - N270 - Flip Flop Slipper ~ Green With Dots ||	  Excellent Service  Unbelievable excellent service. Got my item in about a week's time. Item came in excellent condition. Will definitely do business with again. <end>
 B000EY4BJS  Amazon.com  Quiksilver Men&#39;s Checkmate Wide ( sz. One Size Fits All, Black Band/Black Dial )  Clothing ||	  Fancy, Elegant and Stylish Clock  This clock caught my attention, beacause, besides the wide appearance, it has some cool (very cool) designs on the leather strap. Also the look that the stainless steel and the crystal gives to the watch is so elegant. Evrybdy that looks at it just get impressed with the cool design. I gave it 4 stars, beacause the only thing that it doesn't have is a night light. But if you don't care about that, this watch is damm cool. <end>
 B000EZXYPE  10K Yellow Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Heart Tennis Bracelet ||	  Very Good Product  I would highly recommend this product and company. My wife was very pleased with the bracelet and it has remained as brilliant in its' quality since I first purchased it. <end>
 B000F06UH2  Invisible Pink Unicorn (IPU) Pendant - bright silver finish ||	  Too small, too fake, too much shipping  I just wanted to get my boyfriend a decent anniversary gift. I was probably silly for expecting something to be a little more sturdy for only 20 dollars but the least they could of done is gave it an adjustable chain or something. I will admit though it shipped quickly but that's about it. <end>  Perfect.  I loved this pendant. I wore it 24/7 for months and the chain broke. Kinda to be expected from so much wear and tear. Very nice for the money though. <end>
 B000F09JUM  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Crystal Clear Square Cut Cubic Zirconia High Polished and Satin Finished 3mm Band Ring Size 7 ||	  Great item for the cost!  I love it. The picture looks good here but I'm so thrilled with the overall of the ring. Seller did great and shipped in a good amount of time. I've already had a few compliments on it. Thanks again. <end>  Classy, with a gorgeous sparkle  This ring is as gorgeous as pictured, if not more gorgeous! I gave one to a friend who once worked as a jeweler and she thought it was expensive. The value and appearance of this ring are deceptive, considering the actual cost. This is the second item I have purchased from this seller and I am very impressed overall with the items they sell. <end>  It's a beauty!  The ring is very pretty. My daughter wears it everyday, symbolizes a purity ring. Awesome <end>  Not awesome  I bought this ring for myself and when I got it in the mail I wasn't as thrilled to see it in person. It's a bit lack-luster and scratches very easily, the band looks like it was stretched too thin and after having it for 2 months it's ready to break. <end>  Beautiful and Classy Ring  I just love this ring! its on my finger 24/7! and everyone thinks its beautiful! im very happy to have bought this! <end>  great prodct  this ring was a present for my sister and she loved it and wears it all the time! it also comes in sizes small enough for her finger, which is very hard to find <end>  LOOKS LIKE THE REAL THING  This ring is so brilliant and radiant. I have had friends tell me that it looks like the real thing from an expensive jewelry store. The band is very sturdy. I'm as impressed as my friends are with the exquisite look and sturdiness of this ring. I would recommend this ring if you're into unique rings. <end>  Just Right!  I purchased this to wear on my pinkie finger and it is perfect for that. It is a very comfortable ring and affords just the right amount of "bling" factor. <end>  present for my daughter  My daughter finished school, and I was looking for a precent for her. I think this ring is a great present for her. She liked this ring very much! <end>  silver band cubic "z" with a wow  I was very surprised at the quality of the ring I purchased. I put it on my hand and have not removed it since. The style is very modern, the quality is great and the stones have not loosened or wiggled around. I would buy another from this seller <end>  You Get What You Pay For  This is a cute ring for the price. I was looking for a replacement for my wedding ring. This did not work. I promised my 5yr. old daughter this ring when her finger is big enough. <end>  cute, inexpensive  this ring is so comfortable and people, particularly women, comment enthusiastically about it every time I wear it <end>  Another great ring from Gem Avenue  This caught my eye when it was on my recommendations list. I looked at it several times before deciding that I wanted it. I emailed my boyfriend to get his opinion - he liked it and offered to get it for me. It took a little longer to get here than I thought but it's very pretty and a relative mistook it for an engagement ring (which I guess it could be used for). The shiny silver with the brushed silver give it a richer look. As a previous reviewer noted, I wish it was available in half sizes but overall I am pleased with the ring. This is the 3rd ring I have bought from this company and would buy from them again. <end>  Overall extremely honest and beneficial  Great ring. Exactly what you order, that's what you get! The ring itself to me, looks fantastic. The only problem I have with this ring and most of the other rings advertised on Amazon is that they don't seem to be advertised in half sizes. So, therefore, of course, my girlfriends fingers are all half sizes. Still worth it tho! Amazing looking for what you're paying for it! High recommendation! Thanks! <end>  Pretty Yet Small  It's very pretty and good quality, but small and dainty. I recommend this ring for women who are looking for a cute look. <end>  Very Good  I loved the ring when it came, the metal feels a little lighter than i expected, but it makes the ring more comfortable, it is beautiful in person, and I am very satisfied with the prompt shipping and the accuracy of the pic! <end>  Modern Style Silver Band  The ring is even more beautiful in person!!! It looks gorgeous! It's a vey beautiful ring. I would recommend it to anyone. It took a while for me to get the ring because the package got lost in the mail, but I know it's not the company's fault. I contacted them and they were very professional and nice with me. They responded very quickly. <end>  Muy lindo  Simplemente excelente producto y funcional. Muy bueno sinceramente, cumpli&oacute; todas mis expectativas y funciona perfectamente. Totalmente recomendable para todas las personas. Muchas gracias <end>  Ring review  This ring is gorgeous and my daughter is going to love it. The photo doesn't do it justice and the shipping was FAST! <end>  Beautiful design, great quality!  We purchased this ring to present to our 13 yr old daughter for her Purity Ceremony. It looks great online, yet, we were even more impressed with it in hand. It came in a very nice gift box. It is a beautifully, delicate piece that compliments the hand of an adult as well as a teen or preteen. It sparkles in the light and the design is simple, yet elegant. We are very pleased with our purchase! Our 10 yr old has requested we purchase this one for her and save it for three years for her ceremony. LOLYou will be really pleased with this purchased! What a great ring, especially for the price. <end>  beautiful ring but scratches  Really nice ring however the silver matte finish is starting to scratch off. i think over time it will be gone entirely.Update It's been about 2 months since I've had it and it's turned black. Note  I have worn it everyday because it's my cheap wedding ring. (college kids can't afford the real thing...lol) So I guess I would say don't wear it too often or else it will change colors. <end>
 B000F0ETEI  14k White Gold White Sapphire Stud Earrings (1 ct. t.w.) ||	  Good purchase- only one minor issues  I bought these earrings as an alternative to diamonds because I felt like I was definitely getting more carat weight for my money. They really are beautiful and unless you have jewelers scrutinizing you, I don't believe anyone wouldn't assume they were diamonds. They arrived promptly and in a white leather hinged jewelry box- very nice presentation if you were giving them as a gift. I only wish they had screw-backs or better backs in general. The backs to the earrings slide down the post to the end so the stud ends up drooping in the front. I haven't had a back come off yet- but I'm definitely going to see if I can get some better ones from a jewelry store. Honestly though- that's my only complaint and it's easily fixable. I would recommend these earrings to anyone looking for an alternative to diamonds. You can't beat the price! <end>
 B000F0XVP6  Sterling Silver Filigree Butterfly Bracelet ||	  Beautiful and Perfectly Fits  This bracelet is exactly what I was expecting. Fortunately, it was longer than actually stated in the description so I did not have to wait for a jewler to enlarge it before I could wear it. My wrist is 7.5 inches, a wee bit bigger than what was mentioned in the advertisement but it ended up fitting perfectly. <end>
 B000F0ZT88  Sterling Silver Handcuffs Charm Bracelet , 5/8 inch (16 mm). ||	  Great gift for someone in law enforcement!  I just ordered this bracelet for a friend who is about to become a police officer. I wanted something that was more rustic looking and not too shiney and this fit the bill. I didn't think it was as oxidized as the picture, but it turns out I like it better just the way it is. It is a nice solid piece. The bracelet is 3/4" wide (this is the width of the handcuffs) and mine measured 7 and 3/4" long including the clasp, so I was very pleased with the extra 3/4" that I wasn't expecting. I would definitely recommend this bracelet. <end>
 B000F147UI  Gent's Sterling Silver Tiger Eye Ring ||	  Impressive Tiger Eye  This item is a great bargain for the money. I gave this to my son for Christmas and he wears it most days. <end>
 B000F1487U  Gent's Sterling Silver Semi Dome Rectangular Malachite Ring ||	  Nice Quality  I do like the ring, although the stone is just a bit darker than I had anticipated. It is a very nice ring- especially for the price. <end>  Malachite ring  I am very pleased with the quality in this ring. It looks great and fits perfect. <end>
 B000F165ZI  Sterling Silver 8 mm Southwest Design Wave Ring 5/16 inch wide Hand Made ||	  Abssolutely beautiful one of a kind wave ring that brings the ocean to you.  This rings is outstanding. It is three deminsional and fitis my finger as if it were mad specifically for me. The waves are raised as the swells of the oceans as the ebb and flow of the tides. I would recommend this ring to anyone who is familiar with the ocean or anyone who would like to feel the flow of the tides. <end>  Great!  Was slightly disappointed that the pattern didnt quite match up on one side, maybe it was the size ring I ordered. But other then that the ring looked great and I love it. <end>  Wave ring  This item arrived quickly. It has a slight defect in the oxidized part of the pattern. If I requested it, I'm sure the company would replace it. Otherwise, I have been completely satisfied with all the products purchased at this site. Thank you, I will continue to do business here! <end>
 B000F1668E  Sterling Silver Domed 6 mm Southwest Design Rope Ring Handmade 1/4 inch wide, ||	  Nice and solid. I wear it everyday!  Nice and solid. I wear it everyday! This is my 1st thumb ring and I like it alot! The ring is smooth all the way around. You can see where the seems came together in making it. This is just one seem. I ordered the 12. I am going to order the 6 for my pinky. Great bargain for the price. <end>  twisted rope band  only bought it for a cheap wedding band for travel and outdoor activities in other countries it'll do <end>
 B000F17LI8  Sterling Silver Bow Ring Flawless Quality Finish 3/4 inch wide, sizes 6 to 10 ||	  So cute!  This ring is super shiny, the bow edges don't catch on anything, and it is so pretty. I love it!! <end>  Super Cute Ring !!  Love Love Love this ring  ) It is so cute and danty. So happy with this purchase. Fits true to size and is so sparkly  ) <end>  sweetest bow ring  This ring is very nice, seems to be very good quality. Very smooth and flush w/ finger. Nothing sticks up to snag things. I also bought sterling silver bow ring sold thru amazon, that ring is very sweet too, but ring tails stick up a little and i catch on things. I was afraid i'd scratch my toddler with it and i really wanted a ring i can wear all the time. This one is perfect. I think i'll give the other one to my niece since its very nice. I'm really glad to give this ring a try. Its sweet and feminine. I gave it 4 stars because i find it to not be true to size. I decided to get a bigger size than normal so i could wear on middle finger. Glad i did. My right hand finger size is slightly bigger than my left. So size 8 will probably fit my right hand ring finger well during summer months when my fingers swell a lil, a 7 would never of fit. And the 8 does fit one of my middle fingers. I love bow jewelry and this ring is great & great price. <end>  Love it!  I love this ring! I get compliments all the time. i buy lots of jewerly and this ring is one of my favorite things i've bought lately! <end>  Sterling Silver Bow Ring  5 stars for this adorable ring. Arrived quickly and in great condition. Purchased one for a friend and one for myself as friendship rings. She loved it as much as I. <end>  Pretty in silver  I received this ring for Christmas. It is very pretty and true to size. I have given it 4 stars only because I don't know how well it will wear. I do know tht I will wear this ring often. <end>  Gorgeous!  This really is a beautiful ring! It exceeded my expectations and I'm hoping the person I got it for loves it as much as i do! <end>  Love it!!  True to size, and absolutely adorable! The ring is comfortable and classy, and fits perfectly! Quick shipping, as well  ) <end>  Totally adorable!  I love this ring! I get complements on it all the time. fits perfectly too! <end>
 B000F181EQ  Sterling Silver Thin Black Obsidian Ring ||	  Nice Looking  The ring looked exactly as it did in the picture. But for Sterling Silver - I didn't expect that it would turn my boyfriend's finger green. <end>
 B000F19QZE  Sterling Silver 10 mm Southwest Design Musical Note Ring 3/8 inch wide Hand Made ||	  Ring  I ordered this ring in a size 8. When I received my order, the order size was crossed off and a size 7 inserted. (ASIN B000F19QZE 3/8" (10 mm) Sterling Silver Hand Made Ring with Musical Note]] If I wanted a size 7, I would have specified it, but it would have been too small. I sent it back, because it was too small. <end>
 B000F19SDY  Gent's Sterling Silver Slim Rectangular Black Obsidian Ring ||	  Good experience all around  Good quality, good price, and quick no-hassle service and delivery. Better than anticipated, would reccomend. <end>  I love it.  This ring is my favourite ring now. I wear it almost constantly excepting when I'm at work. I haven't had any problems with chipping or finger discolouration that other reviewers have had.The shipping speed was far sooner than I had expected. It arrived the week after I ordered (to australia). <end>  Excellent quality at a very reasoable price  This was a gift, and the person I gave it to loved it. The ring has a very classic design. It's manly without being in the least fussy. It's large enough to make a statement, without that statement being "I am a made man." <end>  Looks cool, but not good quality  I bought this ring as a gift for my boyfriend. He loved the style of it, however, after awhile it started turning his finger green (even though it claims to be sterling silver). Also, the obsidian stone chipped and now there is a big chunk missing. The ring looks nice, but it should not be intended for everyday wear. <end>
 B000F19SP2  Gent's Sterling Silver Large Oval Black Obsidian Ring ||	  Fantastic  Very good quality ring . Heavy and solid and well made. It has a great classic look and is not "cheesy".Customer service was excellent too .I purchased it as a gift and it was well received .So I can definately recommend this jewelry . <end>  Love Sabrina Silver  I love Sabrina Silver. All the rings I've purchased there have been high quality. I actually bought this one for me because I like big funky rings and I wear it all the time! <end>
 B000F1OTKQ  Blitz Jewelry Care Cloth 10" x 12" ||	  Amazing stuff  This cloth far exceeded my expectation. It cleans my silver jewelry really well but it buffs and shines the stones really well too which is a pleasant surprise. I use if everyday to keep my jewelry in top shape and feel good knowing that what I use is not braking down the metal as does some of the liquid jewelry cleaners. <end>  I would definitely buy this again  I would definitely buy this again. it was exactly what i was looking for. except i hate theses rating surveys <end>  Blitz Jewelry Care Cloth Works Great!  This is the second Blitz Jewelry Care Cloth that I have owned. I love it, and have purchased several for gifts. This cloth makes all of your jewelry sparkle! <end>  Best cloth for jewelry  When I worked in a jewelry store, this is the cloth we always used. I love these products- they protect and clean any type of metal, and it really improves the look of my jewelry. I use this on my silver and my yellow and white gold. <end>  A MUST HAVE for anyone with silver jewelry!  I bought this jewelry care cloth because it was offered with a package deal while buying a sonic jewelry cleaner, and I was just as thrilled with the wonderful job it did cleaning my silver jewelry as I was with my sonic jewelry cleaner. It's VERY easy to use, & I think my silver jewelry might even look better than new after using this cloth! I'll definitely be buying more of these in the future. <end>  Pleasantly Surprised  I really wasn't expecting too much from this product. So I was pleasantly surprised when it completely and quickly removed the tarnish from my silver jewelry! No stinky Tarnex. Would definitely buy this again and would recommend it. <end>  Makes it nice and shiny  this thing works just as good as a microfiber cloth...or even better, but it is worth getting...if you don't want to be carrying around a big'ol microfiber cloth...get's it all nice and shiny and makes imperfections easier to see... <end>  Surprised at how well it works  I bought this not expecting too much, but was pleasantly surprised at how it shined up my jewelry. Especially good for items like watches that you can't soak in a cleaner. <end>  Works Great  I purchased this cloth to clean all of my old jewelry. A lot of my pieces of jewelry I have had for 10-15 years and had never cleaned. It worked great. Everything looks like brand new. I used it on a lot of sterling silver jewelry that had tarnished over the years and with a small amount of effort the silver was sparking like new again. I also used it to clean my husband's gold class ring and it brought it back to its' original condition as well. <end>  upgrade from 1 star  The reason I orig gave a 1 star was based on my wife's input. This is the reason I did not give it a 5 star. Which is you have to follow the directions and apply rubbing pressure to remove the tarnish. Did this on a 15+ year pure silver tie bar. It removed all tarnish except for a few heavy pitted spots after 3 min of cleaning. For small jobs this is it. For large jobs would go with the the liquid "dip". <end>  Must have...  Anyone who has jewelry needs to have this Blitz Jewelry Care Cloth within reach! I could not believe the difference it made when I first used it. The cleaning cloth and buffing cloth are one of a kind. This cloth provides a quick and easy clean, leaving your jewelry looking like it was just cleaned by a professional. I highly recommend this cloth. <end>  Really Works  This product works extremely well on all my jewelry (gold and silver) --- {not sure you are 'suppose to use on gold, but I did} --- brings back luster and shine --- very happy. <end>  Does what it says.....  Nothing special about this product. When used correctly, it gets the job done. Will buy again and recommend to others, <end>  Fast jewelery shine-up  The jewelery cloth cleans and shines up jewelery so quickly it is wonderful. I don't know how I lived without it for so long. <end>
 B000F1U3RY  Southwestern Style Animal Track ( Raccoon, Moose, Mountain Lion, Coyote, Beaver, Gray Wolf and Bear ) Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 6 1/2, #11873 ||	  beautiful  This ring is just exactly as it's pictured, and simply gorgeous -- and Taos Trading's customer service  fantastic. Highly recommended. . . . <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love this ring... I love wildlife especially wolves and to have their tracks in turquoise on a beautiful sterling silver ring is awesome. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>
 B000F2H6XC  Loving Family&reg Small Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace with Extender - Parents and Child ||	  good purchase  The pendant was as it appeared in the picture and it came in a nice box <end>
 B000F312JU  CZ Stud Earring 4mm - Square ||	  Not worth the bargain!  These cz's look like plastic! They're not even worth the bargain price. Save up for real diamonds! <end>
 B000F3MTMO  18K Gold Overlay on Sterling Silver 4mm Mesh Spring Bangle Bracelet ||	  I love this bracelet!  Every time I wear this bracelet someone asks me where I bought it. The hinge makes it easy to put on and it is standing up great considering I have a very active granddaughter who loves to "admire" it! <end>  Poor qualitiy  This bracelet was a Christmas gift for a 68 yr. old lady and after whe wore it 3 or 4 times, it broke half into. I am notifing seller for a return. We'll see happens. <end>
 B000F3OAZI  Amazon.com  100% Silk Orange Jewelry Pouch &quot;Roll Model&quot; -Fair Trade Gifts  Clothing ||	  Great Gift!  I bought these for my mother and sister and they were a hit. Very pretty, fair trade item, unique gift. Very pleased with this item. <end>
 B000F3Q2W2  14k Yellow Gold Round Guardian Angel Medal ||	  Very Pleased  I was very well pleased with the quality, price and service. Would definitely purchase items in the future. Thank's for everything. <end>  Great gift  I bought this as a gift for my mother for her charm bracelet. She wears it all the time. Sturdy attachment. It has been a couple years and has worn well so far. <end>  Missing imprint  Missing imprint of 14K (the #4 is not legible on either metal). Do not know if these metals are actually 14 carat gold. <end>  14K GOLD CHARM  THEY SHOW THIS PRODUCT LARGER THAN IT ACTUALLY IS. IT'S EMBARRASSING BECAUSE IT'S THINNER THAN A RAZOR BLADE. I KNOW GOLD IS EXPENSIVE BUT I'D RATHER PAY ANOTHER $100. TO GET SOMETHING YOUR NOT GOING TO CUT YOURSELF WITH . CRAFTSMANSHIP IS VERY GOOD. <end>
 B000F3Q2WW  14k Yellow Gold Sea Shell Charm ||	  Nice charm  Nice charm - just as shown. More of a pendant than something you'd put on a bracelet because of the jump ring shape. <end>
 B000F3S7TI  14k Tri-Color Gold Butterfly Pendant ||	  Butterfly pendant  I like the butterfly pendant, but I thought it would be much larger. I think it is false advertising when you show the product much larger than what it actually is. I was amazed when I opened the box and saw the pendant. The picture on amazom.com looked to be twice as big as what I actually received. I still like it but cannot wear it on my omega which is what I planed to do. The tri colors show off the butterfly nicely, but would not have bought it if I had known how small it actually was. <end>  Beautiful , a litle small, but very nice!!!  This pendant arrived in great shipping and was very shiny and prety. I intend to give it to my mother who will appreciate it's quality. It is a bit smaller, but that is what I and my mother both like. It will catch people's eye. <end>  EXCELLENT  My purchase's thru amazon have always been great. The charm was for my granddaughter and she is absolutely happy with it. Seeing her happy makes me even happier. <end>
 B000F3S7UW  14k Yellow and White Gold Open Flower Pendant, 18" ||	  Wow, pretty  Detail  The center of flower is white gold, and the rest is satin yellow gold. The size of the flower is around 3/4". <end>
 B000F3S7WU  14k Yellow Gold Satin Hoop Earrings ||	  gold hoop earrings a little disappointing--too small  They are a bit too small and have silver on the outside edge, which I did not want. Not visible in photo. <end>  nice hoops  these are good quality earrings with a solid clasp. I wear them all the time even in showers and sleeping and they are comfortable, lightweight, and secure. <end>  Painful!  These are attractive gold earrings that appear to be high quality, although a little bit thinner than they appear online. My big problem, though, was the post that goes through the earlobe-- not only was it very thick (much thicker than the posts of my other earrings) but there was a rounded ball at the tip which really hurt when I pushed it through my ear. Maybe it's that I'm used to wearing smaller, thinner earrings, but I will have to return these and look for something that doesn't hurt to wear. <end>  14k yellow gold satin earrings  The earrings are small and lightweight, which is what I wanted, but was mislead by the review that said the catches were tight..........they are not. The catch opens and the earrings fall out. <end>  You will love them!  [[ASIN B000F3S7WU 14k Yellow GoldVery classy looking! My wife loves them! Buy with confidence, don't let the price fool you, they're nice. <end>
 B000F3VA0G  14k Yellow Gold 3-Strand Link Chain Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Light and Lovely  This bracelet is very nice! It's so light you almost can't feel it. The clasp and links seemed sturdy. The item photo shown on the listing page is very accurate; the bracelet was exactly what I anticipated. Good quality for low price... recommended. <end>
 B000F3VA0Q  14k Yellow Gold Flower Stud Earrings ||	  Just like photo, except maybe prettier!  These are the perfect "everyday" earrings. About 1/4 in. in width - so not too large, not too small - shows up beautifully but doesn't overwhelm the eye. Looks distinctly, and very prettily, like flower petals. Nice shine and glow in the ear. Again, great pair of earrings for everday wear and would probably also translate well for dinner or evening wear. <end>
 B000F41C08  3mm Sterling Silver Ball Stud Earrings ||	  Lovely Earrings  These are delightful small earrings which are perfect for a second or third piercing in the ear. They are quite durable and safe to sleep in. The post is not a small one, but regular size. Good product <end>  awesome  I bought a lot of these earrings for stacking all the way up my ear, since i have got them i haven't taken them out, they are the perfect size for stacking, I LOVE THEM!! THEY DO NOT TURN YOUR EARS BLACK OR GREEN!!!!! You can't feel them in so it is easy to wear them 24/7, great buy!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Perfect Little Earring  I had been looking for these studs for quite sometime. They are perfect for 2nd and 3rd holes. <end>  good earring for men, too  This earring is a good value for your money. It is the perfect size for a man interested in something subtle and not-too-flashy  Not too big, or too small. I've been wearing them for several weeks straight now and I haven't seen any problem with either the metal or my ears turning colors or anything of that nature. <end>  Silver Plated Not Silver  I loved these when I got them. I have 5 piercings in each ear and loved that I had options to get different sized balls so I could stack them up my ear. They worked well for 2 weeks and then my ears started bothering me. I wore these 24/7. Other people have mention the discoloring on the post of the earring. Mine were not only discolored but the metal was corroding. I ended up with an infection in most of my ten piercings. Do not buy this product if you need silver earrings. <end>  the BEST silver Stud earrings!  i can only wear sterling or gold, and i needed a new set of stud earrings that i can wear when i sleep, work, play, shower, etc. these are the absolute most perfect studs. perfect price. high quality. when you need to retain a piercing comfortably, these are great. they feel weightless, and the backings are also sterling silver. i'm thinking of buying three more sets just to have them! i haven't seen this quality of stud earring since BOMA. my ears are happy, my pocketbook is happy, if only everything in life was as simple as finding a good pair of studs. <end>
 B000F449YO  10mm Sterling Silver Ball Stud Earrings ||	  Perfect  Delivery was fast. Product was perfectly beautiful and perfect with everything. It doesn't get any better. <end>  Do not buy!  Back broke off about a month after I bought them. Guess I should have known the price was tt good to be true. <end>  Likey likey  Love this stud earrings... Was greatly surprised when I got them that they were large and not tiny studs.... Really love them wear them mostly every day, it's my go to stud.......well worth the price.... Likey likey <end>  satisfied  I was pleased with the size and look of this product. They are my daily wear. <end>
 B000F45W9U  6mm Sterling Silver Ball Stud Earrings ||	  a good deal for the money  I bought these smaller stud earrings with the large sized ones in a deal that I could not refuse. I will be using these earrings as a gift for a friend. Good quality at a great price. <end>  Sterling Silver Medium Size 1/4" Ball Stud Earrings.  These stud earrings are a nice size. <end>  Nice Long Posts  These earrings are so nice, and I wear them almost every day; the posts through the ears are long, good for thick earlobes. You can't go wrong for the price. <end>  Great Gift  These were a gift for my mother. They are very nice. I was pleased with the overall appreance of them and am very happy with my purchase <end>  Ball Stud Earrings  This was bought as a Christmas Gift. I am sure my granddaughter will like it. <end>
 B000F4861Q  Sterling Silver Winged Goddess Armor Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Nice rings  I've purchased about 5 of these type rings from Silver Insanity. I have not been disappointed with any of them. I'm not positive but I believe they're designed to be worn on the thumb. I prefer to wear them on my ring finger where they are impressively displayed. I have received several positive comments on each that I've worn and am happy to recommend this company and these rings to anyone looking for something nice to wear. <end>  Christmas Present  I just got this ring. I love it! It fits well and its very sturdy. The design is even better in person. I'll be wearing this one a lot! <end>  Awesome!!  When I wear this ring (usually everyday) I get so many compliments!! You cannot find a ring like this for under $20 anywhere but here. Arrival was very fast too. This was actually a Christmas present for a friend and let's just say she got something different after I tried it on!!! <end>  cant beat them for the price!  i got my 'winged goddess' ring the other day (these guys ship FAST!) and LOVE IT!buyers beware. these rings are a bit on the 'thin' side. if you step on them they will will FLATTEN like an aluminum can.but look at the prices!if want a bigger stronger ring. you have to pay MUCH more! but if youre lookin for somethin that looks good on your hand. at a low price. these are the guys to buy from!i have made 5 purchases from 'silver insatity' and have loved each ring! (and many comments and compliments on each from various folks)cant beat them for the price!yepsean <end>  Awesome Ring!  I really, really like this ring. It's easy on the eyes, was easy on the wallet, made of sterling silver, and best of all it comes in a wide array of sizes. I am a full figured gal, and have been looking for a ring for my left index finger at a size 13/14 for some time. Not too much luck there, unless I wanted some ugly costume jewelry or man's ring... Took a chance on this - and love it. I originally had a size 13 in my cart, but based on another review - I opted for one size up and ordered the 14. I am glad I did as the 13 would have been a little tight for me.Some of the reviews said the ring thickness is too "thin". In my opinion, it is just right. This is an extremely wide band and if it was any thicker - the ring would not be comfortable to wear. It is simply perfect as it is. If they had different designs in this type of ring - I'd buy 'em all. Wish the seller offered these rings in the bigger sizes with stones in them - I'd buy those too!Can't beat this ring for 30 bucks, and combine that with lightning speed shipping and you have a winner. I ordered Wednesday night from NY and it arrived Saturday morning from Arkansas. <end>
 B000F4KPIS  Amazon.com  Pirate Patch and Earring  Toys &amp; Games ||	  Cute add-ons to the pirate costume  I bought these along with the toddler pirate costume for my son. The clip on earring is not heavy for a 2 year old, and the eye patch was comfortable enough for my son to keep it on for a while. Very happy with the purchase. <end>  Cheap, but you get what you pay for.  The string to the eye patch broke by the end of the night and the earring kept falling off. It looked cheap too. <end>  For the Pirate in all of us  A great product for the pirate in us all. Got it for costume and is still going strong with the kids. It was delivered very quick and all around excellent service they even sent an extra set just in case, impressive for such an inexpensive item. <end>  Good set of costume accessories  This is a pretty good set of costume accessories for Halloween. Patch feels a bit cheap, but its not abrasive and it works, the earring is pretty well made for the price. All in all, great set of Halloween accessories for kids (heck, it would probably work for adults too). <end>  patch good, ear ring not good  got this for my sons Halloween and for dress up play. The eye patch is nice, bigger than other ones I have seen which fit better on my 3 & 5 year old kids. The ear ring didn't work at all. It was a very cheap, plastic, clip on earring, that wouldnt even open wide enough to clip onto a 5 year old ear lobe. after I got it on I had to take it off because it hurt him. I know its a cheap good price and the eye patch is worth it but I tossed the earring <end>  A bit too pricey for what you get in my opinion  The eyepatch is cheap cardboard covered in black fabric. and the earing is not real durable either. I definately over paid for this product by purchasing it online then paying for shipping. That being said, it functions great just keep in mind the eyepatch isn't real durable and I don't see the earing be very durable either. <end>  Pirate Gear  My soon-to-be 3 yr old wanted to be a pirate this year for Halloween. I started with the eye patch & earing. It arrived quickly, and is exactly as described, but he wanted no part of putting it on, lol. I'm sure he will when he gets older, and he'll have fun with it. It's no fault to the product, it definitely is just as its described. Hopefully your little pirate wants to wear it! <end>
 B000F4WZOA  14k White Gold Round Amethyst 4-Prong Earrings ||	  Not good enough!  The round amethyst 4 prong earrings cost too much at half the price. The stones were not translucent but solid (unlike the photo), very poor example of amethyst. The only real value was in the 14K mounting, not enough to justify the price(Gold Box or not). Amazon standards are normally not that low. <end>
 B000F5IAIO  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Heavy,Glittering,Stylish  A Heavy,stylish and glittering piece of men jewelry!I like the quality;it's more than 1cm wide and has a strong silver lobster claw and it really looks GOOD!Though,I have to say it's not meant to be worn on very bright skins.And,finally I've gotta say u have to buy a holster for it cause the package doesn't contain one! <end>  Heavy,Glittering,Stylish  A Heavy,stylish and glittering piece of men jewelry!I like the quality;it's more than 1cm wide and has a strong silver lobster claw and it really looks GOOD!Though,I have to say it's not meant to be worn on very bright skins.And,finally I've gotta say u have to buy a holster for it cause the package doesn't contain one! <end>
 B000F5IAJ8  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Heavy,Glittering,Stylish  A Heavy,stylish and glittering piece of men jewelry!I like the quality;it's more than 1cm wide and has a strong silver lobster claw and it really looks GOOD!Though,I have to say it's not meant to be worn on very bright skins.And,finally I've gotta say u have to buy a holster for it cause the package doesn't contain one! <end>
 B000F5K2NU  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Heavy,Glittering,Stylish  A Heavy,stylish and glittering piece of men jewelry!I like the quality;it's more than 1cm wide and has a strong silver lobster claw and it really looks GOOD!Though,I have to say it's not meant to be worn on very bright skins.And,finally I've gotta say u have to buy a holster for it cause the package doesn't contain one! <end>  Heavy,Glittering,Stylish  A Heavy,stylish and glittering piece of men jewelry!I like the quality;it's more than 1cm wide and has a strong silver lobster claw and it really looks GOOD!Though,I have to say it's not meant to be worn on very bright skins.And,finally I've gotta say u have to buy a holster for it cause the package doesn't contain one! <end>
 B000F5KBPE  Sterling Silver Italian Spiral Round Omega Neck Wire Choker Nickel Free 1mm round, sizes 16 - 20 inch ||	  This is NOT a regular chain.  The item is of good quality. However the picture shows a straight normal chain, but it is actually more of a rigid choker type necklace. The picture should be more representative of the item.In all fairness the description does say &#34;Wire Choker&#34; but that meant nothing to me until I received it and saw it myself. <end>
 B000F5NEK8  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Heavy,Glittering,Stylish  A Heavy,stylish and glittering piece of men jewelry!I like the quality;it's more than 1cm wide and has a strong silver lobster claw and it really looks GOOD!Though,I have to say it's not meant to be worn on very bright skins.And,finally I've gotta say u have to buy a holster for it cause the package doesn't contain one! <end>
 B000F5NGCE  14k White Gold Rectangular-Cut Ruby and Diamond Ring (.09ctw, SI1/2 H-I), Size 5 ||	  One of the most beautiful rubies I have seen!  I have bought jewelry from Amazon in the past and I must admit that not too long ago, I had purchased my granddaughter a heart necklace with an amethyst for a very low price. I was disappointed when I received it because I honestly thought that they had forgotten to put the heart on the gold chain, until my wife had told me where to find it. Almost microscopic. So you can see I was cautious about buying this ruby and diamond ring. On opening the box (lovely) I was shocked to see the beauty and clarity of this ring. The ruby is gorgeous and the diamonds very nice quality all set in a gleaming 14kt white gold setting. You've won me over again. I'll continue to check out your deals on jewelry. Thanks Amazon! A Very Happy Customer! <end>
 B000F5W0S0  Sterling Silver Native American HOPI Design Sun Ring ||	  Hopi Ring  This ring is a substantial piece of silver. It looks like a real Hopi ring right out of an Arizonatrading post. Sabrina ships right away and I received the product quickly. <end>
 B000F5XM1Y  Bioplast Black Blazing Baseball Belly Ring ||	  Okay  It's a cool idea but you can't see the baseball pattern on the bottom bead when in because it is angled down. <end>
 B000F5XMD2  Bioplast Blue Lime Marracas Belly Ring ||	  Perfect!  Expectations exceeded. I bought this ring expecting it to be "okay" (b/c its bioplast) but it turned out to be fantastic. Its true to the color in the picture, super comfortable and awesome for the price. I loved it so much that I decided to purchase the purple-pink marracas belly ring. It was also beautiful. Will continue to buy belly rings from this company. Excellent quality! <end>
 B000F5XR5K  Bioplast Glacier Glow In The Dark Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Nothing special  Discolouration kicks in very quickly, and you're left with a yellowish barbell. I never really noticed anything "glow in the dark" about it. It's nothing special, so don't waste your time, unless you're really tired of your solid colour barbell. <end>
 B000F60XLA  Bioplast Red Glitter Belly Ring ||	  Cute!  I'm a fan of bioplast since the first time I wore one of these! They feel great, and the variety of colors is amazing! I love the combination of simple shape, convenience (no pain, no sticking to clothes, no weird marks on your skin when you wake up in the morning), and pretty colors! You can mix and match with your outfit and it always looks good! Love love love them! <end>
 B000F60XPG  Bioplast Green Glow In The Dark Belly Ring ||	  Does NOT glow in the dark  You have to admit that this is a pretty ugly ring. The color looks off next to my olive skin. I wouldn't have bought it except that it was supposed to glow in the dark. This, it does not do. I have exposed it to plenty of light and tested it in total darkness, and I still couldn't see a thing. What a disappointment! Would have been better if at least it had been a better color, like pink. <end>
 B000F613CS  Bioplast Green Glow In The Dark Eyebrow Ring ||	  glow  the item attracts the light but doesnt actually glow in the dark however i'm still happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000F62XS6  Bioplast Still Waters Circular Horse Shoe ||	  Use your own balls  I've had these for about 4 months now, and the one thing I noticed is that the thread on the balls does not last. They will just fall off, even if they are screwed on all the way. Other than that, the Bioplast is very comfortable and has helped healing, so great. I've replaced the balls with ones that I had from metal horseshoes, and now they are ok. <end>
 B000F64SNY  Bioplast Blue Swirly Beach Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Can Cause Cancer??? Awesome...  so i was very disappointed when my package arrived and inside i find a notice (Prop 65) saying these contain something in them that can cause cancer... needless to say i did not use them, because they would be in my mouth 24/7. this wouldn't have been so bad if SOMEWHERE on the auction it would have stated that. a BIG fail on the sellers part imo. <end>
 B000F6DOJI  Southwestern Style Three Dimensional Wolf Head Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay Wolf Paw Prints for Men or Women, Sizes 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 15, #11874 ||	  Seems Like a One-of-a-Kind Ring  This wolf ring is as beautiful in RL as it is in the pictures. Artfully crafted, of sound design. This ring is unlike any ring I've seen before, very unique. The band is thick enough that I need not worry that it will split from wear. The turquoise paws on either side of the wolf are a brilliant accent to the handsome wolf head. I have a deep passion for wolves and it has been difficult to find jewelry that reflects the beauty and strength of the wolf--this ring does that and more... <end>  Beautiful Wolf Ring!  I was afraid the chip inlay would pop out but after many unfortunate falls it is still in great condition.Looks Goooooood!Ahhwwooooooooooooo!!!! <end>  Wolf Ring with turquiose paws inlay  This ring is fantastic. Hgh quality, bright sterling silver. I got it for my friend who loves wolves and turquoise, he had a wolf ring and lost it. This was a Christmas present to replace it. <end>  Great!!  Fits my budget and looks really good! I did dip my hand in bleach water and it discolored my ring. I cleaned it up with a soft cloth and toothpaste then dried it with a dry soft cloth rubbing in one direction only and it shined back up. I was afraid I'd ruined it. Good looking ring!!! <end>  Quality-Comfort  I got a fairly accurate picture of the ring from other reviewers, so ordered, and was not disappointed. It came securely packaged in a plasticized water protective envelope (as evidenced having spent the day and night out in my yard- my big Lab got hold of it ). Next day I noticed what looked like an envelope in yard, and sent my Sheltie to go get it, and its My Ring!! Still in box, in two sealed envelopes in outer package still intact!! Ring, I think, comes smaller by one size as I wear an 11 and this was a 12 but fit perfectly, so everyone be aware, and order one size larger- it can always be made smaller cheaper and easier than making it larger. The detail on the ring is nice, 3D relief of wolf head, and smoothness of inlay is professional quality, real nice! Thanks Taos, I'd order again-someday.. Shipping was fast too. <end>  Fantastic 3D Realism  From the turquoise paw prints to the 3D Wolf, there is not one thing that is not beautiful. I put this sterling ring on and have not taken it off. The compliments on it's beauty and uniqueness are common. <end>  Great product  I was very impressed with the quick shipment and the quality of the product. I would highly recommend this seller to anyone that is looking for sterling silver rings or earring.Thanks for the prompt shipment. <end>  Wolf head ring  This is a beautiful ring. I bought it for my wife for Christmas, and she loves it. It seems to run about 1/2 to 1 size smaller than her other rings. <end>  Great Item  This is a really great ring. And with the price of silver at the moment it was a bargain. Quick delivery and response when I contacted the seller with a question. Will probably place additional orders in the near future. Thanks. <end>  As advertised  This ring is exactly as described and fits perfectly. The delivery was rapid and complete.Excellent vendor <end>
 B000F6FSOW  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Polished Finish Rhodium Plated 3mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Very Pretty Ring!!!  I am very happy with this lovely ring. I am hard on rings...I wear them while doing housework and yardwork and this ring is still as nice as the day it came out of the box. It's my second ring from Gem Avenue and both rings are great. <end>  Ok  I would have wanted to know that the "metal" around the diamonds on the band is a bit thicker than expected. The center diamond's attachments to the bands is not as flush as it appears and the center diamond sits fairly high. It's definitely sparkly, and I had no problems with green finger or anything. I can honestly say that it really doesn't look real though. And I'm pretty easily fooled. I would say up close, or even a medium distance away it just doesn't look right. Something is "off" about it. But it is a very pretty design. <end>  Just Ok.  I did neutral for a number of reasons. Yes, this ring is "ok". Granted, it's an inexpensive ring and I know this, but still.. it's just "ok." I don't like the fact that it seems as if the stones are glued in and they're not in line. They're crooked. The prongs holding the main stones are WAY off. Two stick out and snag on my clothes and the others are almost below the stone. <end>  no complalints  perfect fit, nice sparkle, a "different" design - no complaints at this time. Prompt service, pretty box.It is high enough that my wedding ring can lean against it. <end>  Very pretty ring!  I love this ring! Its prettier in person than in the picture. The style is very flattering on the hand, I think it is now my favorite ring. If your looking for an attractive, fun ring to wear, this would be it! <end>  GREAT Ring  This ring is quite modern and has a really unique look. It's well made and fits very nicely on the finger. Another great piece at an amazing low price form Gem Avenue. <end>
 B000F6PIFG  I Heart my Kids Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  Heart Kids Charm  Got it for my wife. She loves it. The laser etching is great. Nice and dark color and large size lettering. The quality is better then other laser etched charms we have purchased. Very easy to to read, don't even need your glasses. <end>
 B000F6S2JU  I Heart my Cats Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  awesome charm  Ordered a few charms and was totally pleased with all of them. They exceeded my expectations and I think they will the person they are intended for. Also very fast delivery!!! <end>
 B000F710WA  Piglet Full Body Winnie The Pooh Disney Italian Charm ||	  Charming Piglet  Tracked down many Piglet Italian Charms; this one was the cutest depiction. Well worth the price paid for it. <end>
 B000F791EE  Zina Sterling Silver Wide Concave Hoop Earrings ||	  Another great Zina design  These are great everyday earrings and you will not be disappointed if you buy them. This is not a negative - just a caution; the earrings are pretty heavy and if you have elongated holes in your ears, these may weigh them down. <end>  As described, but large for me  I returned these, because they were too large for me. To be fair to Zina, they were as described, and I wasn't sure they would work. The only reason I'm not rating them a 5 is that, having returned them, I don't know how long the clasp would work.I kept gold small hoops I bought at same time--very happy with them. Zina's product descriptions are exceptionally good. <end>  A perfect gift  I recently purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone very close to me. Needless to say the recipient simply loved it. I recommend this article to everyone without hesitatation. <end>
 B000F7FDGO  Sterling Silver Artistic Filigree Dragonfly Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  I love it  It arrived on time, I was worried that maybe I might have made a mistake. But I put the ring on and I am diggin it. Everyone I've shown loves it. <end>  Ring is perfect  Ring arrived quickly. I was very pleased with the ring. It is for my daughter, and I know she will love it. Detail and design are very unique. <end>
 B000F7FL7U  Amazon.com  Pompeii Bangle Bracelet  Clothing ||	  Pompeii Bangle Bracelet  I really like the look of this bracelet and wear it in combinations with other bracelets. <end>
 B000F7FNM8  Sterling Silver Round Hana Design Pendant, 17" by Zina ||	  Cant say enough about it  Wife has not taken it off since my daughter gave it to her for Mom's Day. The chain is very substantial and the pendant is a very shiny silver and not dull. So it may depend on your preference if the finish is suitable for you. <end>
 B000F7FNNC  Sterling Silver Large Hana Design Pendant, 17" by Zina ||	  Shiny and nice design, but expensive  This item is very nice looking---although it was more shiny and less substantial than I would have imagined for the price (even the $50 I paid). Although it is a nice necklace...I couldn't compare it to some of the Lois Hill silver jewelry I have that I feel looks much more expensive than the Zina items I've purchased. <end>
 B000F7FNNM  Zina Sterling Silver Men's Link Bracelet, 8.5" ||	  The Sales Outlet here, does not tell us  the silver weight in this bracelet. For this reason I would NOT purchase this bracelet from this Amazon source. They say it's beautiful, but is it worth the $400.00 they're asking....Only knowing the gram weight can we tell. I would not purchase under these conditions. <end>
 B000F7R0SI  Burnished Silver STUDDED SQUARE HOOP Earrings ||	  a little BIG!  THE COPY DID NOT LET ME KNOW,JUST HOW LARGE THESE EARRINGS ARE!!!! <end>  Great Quality for the Price  I was surprised at how large they are, I would say about 3/4" but I still love them. I've gotten lots of compliments. <end>
 B000F7T1LM  GOLD Light Smoked Topaz CRYSTAL GLITZY CHANDELIER Earrings ||	  simply gorgeous  i love these earrings...mixes classic with contemporary, sparkle with natural...i just adore them and wear them all the time. <end>
 B000F7WLFU  Pugster Fresh Fruit Watermelon Clasp Pendant Charm Kids Jewelry ||	  Cute!  These little charms are cute as can be. They are very well made, and cuter in person than the picture shows. <end>
 B000F83L6M  Pink Jade & Swarovski Crystals 25mm X 19mm Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  BEAUTIFUL!  This pendant is exceptionally pretty, but the picture does not do it justice. My mom will be receiving this for Christmas and it is such a lovely color. <end>  Great piece of jewlery  This is a beautiful piece of jewlery, especially as it is so inexpensive. I was pleasantly surprised to receive such a nice piece for so little money. I was looking for a pink pendant, and this really fits the bil. <end>
 B000F8BB64  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Bracelet Earrings with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Don't Be Fooled  This item SAYS that it is on sale, however just two days ago the average price for this item was $89.99.Whoever is selling it jacked the price up over $100, and then discounted it 50%, making you believe that you were saving! You are not, don't waste your money on such foolish businessmen/women. <end>
 B000F8FIOA  Hello Kitty by Simmons Jewelry Co. Multi-Kitty Face 13mm Red Ring, Size 7 ||	  It's cute BUT....  After a few days it started to turn my finger GREEN. I'm very disappointed in this product. And I feel bad because my husband bought it for me as a gift. I would not recommend. <end>
 B000F8HM4O  Gold Label 2-1/2-Inch Mini Illuminated Music Box, Sleigh ||	  Not Jingle Bells  Although the box was adorably small, the figurines were misshapen. I could have fixed that because I like doing that. Unfortunately the tune "Jingle Bells" didn't include the chorus!!! What's Jingle Bells without the chorus? I couldn't fix that so I returned it. <end>  Gold miniature Sleigh music box  This is an adorable music box. I gave 2 of them as gifts and the recipients loved them. I bought one for myself also. Darling. Darling. Darling. <end>  Sweet Music Box  I paid $10 for it and I would do so again. The music box sounds good and the moving scene inside is sweet and idyllic, though not finely detailed. The wood box it comes in seems a little fakey (why it didn't get five stars), but overall very good.The packaging was great and it arrived quickly. <end>  Very Cute Music Box with a Lot of Detail  Gold Label takes the same basic layout and uses it for a number of different boxes. Like this mini wood box and the matchbox boxes. We have a number of different ones and like most of them. This one is cute and has a lot of detail on the figures. The center scene rotates as the music plays. There is a little illuminated (battery powered) shelter that adds to the miniature nature of it all.Very cute. Makes a nice small gift. <end>  Dissappointed  The music box was a dissappointment,. The song ended before its natural conclusion; it did not matter how it was wound. The quality was poor. <end>  Quality lacks  This music box is fine if you're looking for a lower end gift. I bought several for stocking stuffers. However, I did think the plastic detail on the snow scene was a little on the crude side. <end>  wanted one for myself  bought as a gift and had a hard time giving it away. great for the price <end>  Going on a sleigh ride!  The sleigh music box will make a wonderful gift! It is very cute, with it's portrayal of a winter wonderland. The sleighs moving joyfully around the decorated tree, the snowy landscape, lit up houses, etc.......all accompanied by fun music, are sure to bring out the Christmas spirit! The box is nicely made too. A great little gift for any age! <end>  Mini Mini Sleigh Music Box  This is a nice simple gift for anybody. I did hope the box would be a little sturdier. The hinges are loose. The box looks delicate and shouldn't be handled too much. I was hoping for a little more quality to this even though its price was low. I gave it as a gift and she loves it. It's great for occassional use and it probably won't be the last musical box or gift I buy from this mftr. <end>
 B000F8YEPE  Black Onyx and Mother of Pearl Sterling Silver Chinese Symbol Bracelet ||	  Can't go wrong.....  Have owned this piece for a couple of years now....is my standby to go with my "little black dresses". Have gotten many compliments on it from people who spend 10 times this much for a "fun" piece of jewelry. Have had no problems with clasp so far.... (knock on wood!). <end>  Fun Little Bracelet  A nice gift for somebody who needed cheering up. Chinese symbols for luck, good fortune, health, safety, peace and a good job. Only weak spot is the clasp, which can easily bend slightly and not lock properly. It wasn't hard to put back, but it might eventually break.Good value for the price. Looks nice and was appreciated. <end>
 B000F933TG  Cowboy Boot, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  cowboy boot charm  The charm did not arrive in a timely manner after purchase and the charm was flat on one side with the design on the other side only. The description given could have been better explaining the design of the charm. Most likely will not purchase from this site again in the future. <end>
 B000F9NHUG  Blood Red Moon Howling Wolf in Forest Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Beautiful pendant.  This necklace ie very pretty and does look better in person. It is a little smaller than I had hoped but still pretty. Only a tad bigger than a quarter. <end>  Wolf in the Woods  This is a beautiful piece of jewelry. I've received many positive comments about it. It is well made and will be lovely years down the line. <end>  Wolf pendant review  I was impressed with the rate the item was recieved, and it was exactly as discribed. <end>  Looks better IRL  I think it looks even better in person then in the picture. I'm quite pleased with it. <end>
 B000F9NSCS  Sterling-silver Navajo Bear claw and turquoise pendant-necklaces W/Feather ||	  Native American necklace  This is a lovely necklace. At first I didn't tighten up the locking mechanism right and it fell off, but once I made sure it was tight...it stayed on until I took it off. It is well done and looks great around your neck! Thank you so much...Linda <end>  Very nice item. But, so shirt. I can not use with him  That item arrived to my adress so fast. He is so beautyfull, but he is so shirt. I want to put him but i cant. <end>
 B000F9XHYW  I Heart Chocolate Laser Italian Charm ||	  Great charm  I love this charm, it's cute and very true for me!! Easy to read, the heart is really cute. Easy to put on my charm bracelet, as all the charms from this seller are  ) Highly recommended  ) <end>
 B000F9XI1O  I Heart Scrabble Laser Italian Charm ||	  Great Surprise  I ordered two of the scrabble charms, one for my best friend and the other for her sister! They love to play Scrabble and spend many hours playing on their rare visits. Charms were beautiful! <end>
 B000FA14H8  Glass Beads Pink Necklace "Half Full" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Beautiful and Striking Necklace  Received the green one as a gift and absolutely loved it. Since then I have bought all the colors and matching bracelets.Glass Beads Green Bracelet "Half Full" -Fair Trade GiftsGlass Beads Blue Bracelet "Half Full" -Mother's Day Gifts <end>
 B000FA3ETO  I Heart Camping Laser Italian Charm ||	  Camping Laser Charm  Nice large size writing and good laser job. Can easily read and see the picture from a distance. Link function was nice. <end>
 B000FADLHO  Hammered Brass Hoop Earrings - 1.5 inches ||	  Beautiful  I love the way my new earrings feel and look. My only negative is this  they don't open enough to put them on comfortably. <end>
 B000FAGASG  Certified Diamond (Oval, Very Good cut, 0.60 carats, D color, VS1 clarity) ||	  Misleading  Hey fellas,If your trying to purchase a diamond for an engagement ring do not be fooled by the low prices of these diamonds. Yeah they look great when you get them from ups and there right out of the box. However upon careful review by my jeweler it was discovered that the diamond had already been in a setting before and likely was a larger round diamond and was chipped and made into a smaller oval. Also upon diamond testing it took 3 times for the stone to finally register as an authentic diamond. OK lets talk about shipping. From the completely rude and clueless customer service reps to the snail-mail "oh I'm sorry sir you package has been sitting here for over a week and we forgot to give it to the UPS guy when he was here" to the month long return process.Be careful about buying diamonds on the internet here and any other website. However, for anything else Amazon is always great, but you can count on your engagement plans being pushed back because of the lack of quality and service in the diamond department. <end>
 B000FAHGAC  Boxed Oval Sterling Silver Pink Dried Flower Charm Pendant ||	  A Gorgeous Item!  This is a beautiful little charm that I gave to my daughter for her birthday. She wears it on a charm bracelet and enjoys it very much. <end>
 B000FAHGAW  Sterling Silver Black Leather 17" Cord Chain Necklace ||	  nice cord but...  I bought the cord to go with a specific religious pendant. The religion is not important here. It is well made, but is too fat to fit through the loop. In order to make it work, I would have to bend the loop of the pendant and make it much rounder. Since it is sold by the same company that I bought the pendant from at the same time, I expected it to fit.If you are considering it, email the company first and ask them if it will fit! <end>
 B000FBKQCQ  Sisters Forever Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  happy  loved the charm although it was difficult to put together. thanks for the fast service.  )  )  ) ;)  ) <end>
 B000FBME4Y  Girls Rule Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  awesome charm  Ordered a few charms and was totally pleased with all of them. They exceeded my expectations and I think they will the person they are intended for. Also very fast delivery!!! <end>
 B000FBNIYY  2.00 Carat Canary Yellow And 2.00 Ct. T.W. White Cz Ring. Size 5 ||	  Pretty ring - fun to wear!  Received this for mother's day...nothing easier for hubby than circling the items I like in the Ross Simons catalog. This ring is very pretty on, just like the picture. Fits well, and tons of sparkle. There is a great deal of wow factor for this ring, I've had lots of comments on it. I like it overall very well, at least until the lotto comes in and I can afford the real deal! <end>
 B000FBSIRQ  Letter "M", 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  Sparkles  It's beautiful. I would definitely recommend. It's just the right size. The EZ charm's clasp is well made and secure. The only problem is my initial is M and there are a lot of sharp corners (ouch),,, have to be careful! I have jabbed myself a few times. Would make a wonderful gift. <end>
 B000FBTZ8W  Janice Girardi Topaz, Moonstone & Quartz Necklace (length  16") ||	  Larger than it looks, but very nice  I like this a lot, but it is probably not going to look very good on a smaller person. The pendant didn't seem so large in the online picture. <end>
 B000FDBHTK  Loving Family 14k Gold Pendant - Parents and Three Children ||	  Great find  After my wife gave birth to our third child, I presented her with this pendant on Mother's Day. She absolutely loves it. She wears it every day. It's not too big or too small, and represents the five of us as a loving family. <end>  perfect  This product was even better then I expected. Delivery was swift and my wife loves it <end>
 B000FDKIFE  Loving Family&reg 14k Gold Pendant - Mother and 2 Children ||	  Good picture  This pendant is very small and light - too small and too light. The picture does not reflect reality. <end>
 B000FDRIAC  Number 1 Grand Daughter Laser Italian Charm ||	  really cute charms  I stumbled upon these charms while looking for a replacement bracelet for my grand daughter. I purchased the starter bracelet and 3 extra charms. While assembling the bracelet I noticed that I had received the wrong charm, however I quickly notified the seller, and they have sent the correct charm at no extra cost to me. The bracelet is a little testy to put together, but after some experimenting with a paper clip and safety pin I had great success. I would recommend having someone to help when adding charms. These charms are priced right compared to others I have priced, and with such good customer service I will definitely be buying more charms here. <end>
 B000FEOA2A  Lapis Stud Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Great earring.  I loved my earring. They were a bit heavy but it is still worth the price and the quality. They are a great color. <end>
 B000FEP7VS  Rose Quartz Heart Shaped Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  Rose Quartz Heart Shaped Pendant  This pendant is beautiful. It arrived in two days and I can't wait to give it to my granddaughter for her birthday. She recently wrote a report on the rose quartz. They were first discovered in Maine. I am from Maine and thought it would be a cool thing to be the one to give it to her. <end>  Very satisfied!  I am so pleased with this necklace. The pendant is lovely and the chain has held up beautifully to daily wear for several weeks now. The craftsmanship is wonderful and my item arrived very quickly. I am very satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Rose quartz Heart Necklace...  I bought this necklace for my girlfriend who just went through a very rough break-up. After being with her partner for 16 years, this necklace will be sure to help her heal. The shipping on this item was very fast and I was surprised when I opened the package to see such a dainty treasure. Thanks so much for your service. It is greatly appreciated here in Pennsylvania. <end>  Very delicate  It is a very delicate pendant. If you are aware of rose quarts magic features, buy it and give it to a very special person. <end>  Love the pendant  After hearing about the healing properties of rose quartz I found this pendant. It's very beautiful, goes with almost every outfit and I always wear it.Shipping was really fast and item as good as it does on picture <end>  Loved it!  I like the pendant a lot.The package came before time and item was in good condition.However, I am giving this 4 stars because the seller is very confident about the quality of their crystals/stones and I was expecting them to provide it in the form of a written statement/card but I did not receive anything like that.Overall my experience was good and I will shop this seller again. <end>
 B000FER1EY  Damali 14k Gold Filled Anklets Amethyst - February Swarovski Crystal Ankle Bracelets ||	  Very nice piece  Nice look or a little money. Good buy for the quality of the product. I would recommend it if you're looking for an inexpensive everyday wear. <end>
 B000FESUB2  Damali .925 Sterling Silver Anklets Amethyst - February Swarovski Crystal Ankle Bracelets ||	  BEAUTIFUL  THIS IS AN ANNIVERSARY GIFT FROM MY HUSBAND SO I DONT GET IT UNTILL THE END OF THE MONTH BUT I TRIED IT ON AND IT IS SUPERB YOU WOULD THINK IT HAD BEEN MADE TO MEASURE. THE AMETHYST CRYSTALS ARE A REALLY DEEP COLOUR, I AM DELIGHTED WITH IT . I CANT WAIT TO WEAR IT. THANK YOU. <end>
 B000FEUQ1E  Hand Painted Egyptian Motifed Jewelry Box ||	  Nice Collectable, good price  I was very impressed with the fine details and workmanship, very nice collectable for the money <end>
 B000FFAKHI  Piano Keys Laser Italian Charm ||	  excellent  This product arrived very quickly. The service and the product were excellent. I would certainly order from this company again. <end>  Another charm for my grandson  I knew my grandson would like this charm, as he plays the piano beautifully. It's now on his key chain. <end>
 B000FFC2I8  Heart Cousin Laser Italian Charm ||	  Good gift  We didn't see it in person, but this was a good gift for our eight year old niece. She loved it! <end>
 B000FFM7H4  Sterling Silver 6 mm High Dome Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Wasted money  My son bought this for his girlfriend. Within 2 months of wearing it, it turned black. She tried cleaning it with silver cleaner but could not restore the silver. He was not only embarrassed but a little upset over the wasted money. <end>  Good  I used this ring to try out the size and width for a couple weeks before buying my wedding ring. The jeweler sized it and said the size was spot on. My only complaint is that it is not a comfort fit. This causes some discomfort when wearing it and taking it off, but I knew that before I bought it so I am still rating it a 5. <end>  eh.  If I purchase another silver ring, I'd purchase one that is comfort fit, or at the very least doesn't have sharp edges. It's not worth it. <end>
 B000FFQCFM  Sterling Silver 3 mm High Dome Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Awesome Ring  This ring was perfect. I have little fingers so the size fit great. I would recommend this to my friends for sure. <end>  Awesome Ring!  This ring was great - the sizing is to a T, the simplicity is refreshing, and the cost just cannot be beat. I wear it as a thumb ring; it's comfortable and sturdy, and definitely worth more than what I paid. Awesome ring! <end>  Exactly what I was looking for  I looked all over locally and I just could not find a silver shop that did something this basic and simple. They only did really artistic and strange jewelry. This ring is exactly what I was looking for. I bought it so that my wife can wear a ring in dangerous areas without making her a target. <end>  beautiful  My girlfriend loved this ring, it is the prefect width for someone with thinner fingers and the color is wonderful. <end>  Thumb ring  I bought this ring to replace a thumb ring I had previously had. I love this ring. It is pretty and stays shiny even though I wear it everywhere. I love it! <end>  Nice Ring, Great Price  I bought this ring to wear on vacation in New Orleans. I didn't want to draw attention to myself with my diamond wedding band, and this silver ring was the perfect substitute. It is very pretty, and even with shipping, the price was much less than anything I found at my local stores. It was a great choice for my vacation. <end>  Thumb ring  I bought this ring as a thumb ring and I love it! It has a nice smooth feel to it. I highly recommend it especially as a thumb ring. <end>  thumb ring  this ring exactly met my expectations, arrived in a timely manner. i am very happy with it. thank you. <end>  FABULOUS  This is way more better than what I expected, I will make sure that I will keep the senders information to make other orders, <end>  Thank you it was great..  Thank you this arrived in a timely manner and it was just what we needed for the wedding. We really loved the ring. Thank you. Great job. <end>  Awsome 3mm Silver Ring!  Great ring! Has a charming glow to it.realy comfortable! I wear it on my thumb,people compliment me all the time! <end>  Great Service  The rings I ordered were delivered timely and they are just what I wanted. I will be ordering more real soon.Thank you <end>  Great little ring  This is a great little ring. I am hard on jewelery, so its scratched up a bit now, but thats my fault! <end>  Great deal!!!  I am currently pregnant with my 3rd child and since my hands are swollen and I can no longer wear my wedding ring, I bought this as an alternative. It is perfect! The price was great! Shipping was excellent! So much so, in fact, that I bought a matching band for my husband so we could still match. <end>  great little ring  My fiance and I decided to get married three months before our original dateand not being prepared, I found this ring on Amazon. It fit her ring close enough, and it fit my budget  ) I ordered it on a thursday, and received it on monday. I am very pleased with my purchase and will recommend this ring to any of my buddies who happen to get snared !  ) <end>  Beautiful!  I wear this as a wedding band. It's very pretty, comfortable to wear, & I'm very happy with it. A good size for pettite hands or women who want want something inconspicuous. <end>  Very nice ring!  I purchased this ring as a substitute for my platinum wedding band, which I lost. It came nicely packaged and polished, and looks great with my engagement ring, even though the different metals are slightly different colors. I would definitely purchase from this seller again. <end>  Perfect little ring  A cute little ring. Could easily pass it off as much more expensive. The perfect placeholder for my wedding ring while at work. I was very surprised that you even had rings in my size! Anyways, it looks great and fits perfectly! Couldn't be happier with my purchase! <end>  Pretty much what I expected  It's a little rounder than I would like, but it's true to the picture and is pretty much what I expected. Quick shipping! <end>  Ring  I am wearing it right now and have since I recieved it in the mail. This company really came through and delivered it really fast...! <end>  Thumb Ring  I brought this ring as a thumb ring. Its very cute and stylish. I would recommend the purchase of this product. <end>  Wonderful thumb-ring  I have concerns shopping online for my jewelry because of how different widths fit differently and the ring sizing chart didn't size my finger correctly to begin with, but this ring is awesome. It is thin enough that it is not limiting but yet it is not so thin that I am concerned that it will be bent and break. I am able to type and do all of my daily chores without being concerned. Wonderful purchase <end>  Nice  Is solid and strong. I bought this ring in order to have an everyday wedding band while working and such. Very polished and shiny. Gorgeous! <end>  imperfections in "new" ring?  The price is good. The shipping is FAST (arrived 1 week before expected). The product is okay. It is stamped 925, so in theory it is solid silver. But, my ring arrived with a black spot on one side which looked like tarnish and a scratch on the outer surface of the ring. I cleaned the ring with toothpaste, thinking it might be tarnish. The scratch and black spot are less visible after cleaning, but they are still visible if you look closely. This is fine for me as this is just an everyday ring to wear to the gym and such, but if you want a "perfect" ring, this is probably not your product. <end>  Very durable.  I wear this ring almost every day. It's very durable and you can't hardly feel it on your finger. I work with my hands a lot and it doesn't get in my way or feel too heavy.People assume it's white gold and I don't correct them. I have a beautiful white gold engagement ring that I wear with it and they go well together.I only spent around $15 on it including shipping so I'm not worried about losing it or getting it stolen. I also wash my hands with it on, sleep with it on and everything else. It has not lost its color.The seller ships it to you in good timing and packs it well to prevent damages. <end>  exactly what i wanted..  i wanted to use this ring as a thumb ring since i broke the last one i had. i love it.. it looks good.. im very happy i got it.. fits good.. and hasnt broke or ya know turned color lol.. all good from me.. <end>  Simply Beautiful  this a simple but very beautiful ring, will be wearing it for a long time to come. <end>  The Best Thumb Ring  I actually ordered this for my thumb and it fit perfectly! It is made very nicely and no sharp edges! I get compliments on this regularly. I wear other rings on my other fingers to compliment it! It works! It is already polished so no need to polish! Very nice! Packaging is nice and arrived quickly too! Thank you so much! <end>  My Wedding Band  I wear this ring as a wedding band and I love it. The inside edges aren't sharp. Being high-dome, I was worried that it would be too wide and press against my middle and little fingers while held together. Luckily, they offer half sizes so I was able to get an 8.5 and it fits like a charm. I have only worn mine for a few days and have put some scuffs on it. I bought this ring because I knew I would be hard on it and I like the look of an aged ring, just like worn blue jeans. Silver is easy to polish if I ever care to make it shiny again. <end>  Best place to buy your silver!  I buy all my silver jewelry from this place! They are fast and there quality is impecable! I love them! <end>  Fast and nice company. Ring does get scratched pretty easily taking away the full shine.  Service was great. The ring does get scratched up pretty easily so it will not keep the high gloss shine over time. <end>  silver ring  This ring is better than it seems in the picture. It is slightly shinier, but still has that creamy appearance. It's nicely delicate if you have small fingers - I'm not even aware it's on. <end>  Thumbs up!  Purchased this as a stocking stuffer for my grandmother and she loves it. I want to purchase one for myself next. Will purchase from this seller again! <end>  Sterling Silver Ring  I have been looking for one of these for a long time. Could not find one in my price range and when I saw this I had to have it. I wear it every day. <end>  I use this ring as a stack ring  I know these are wedding bands, but I didn't get two for that purpose. I got two of these nice-sized sterling silver bands to use as stack bands with my other rings. Gives a really nice look on either side of another sterling silver ring such as a solitaire. Lots of versatility. And, if you are so inclined, you can use them as a wedding ring. <end>  Super Fast shipping, quality items  Nice bands, very well made. The items arrived in a couple days.I would order 1/2 size bigger and you'll be fine. I did. I would like to see more comfort fit bands offered as well. Thanks <end>  Very nice  I bought this to wear on the days I don't want to wear my diamond ring. It's a great ring - it's comfortable, lightweight, and pretty. <end>  Perfect! Just what I was looking for!  I searched everywhere for the perfect thumb ring and finally found it on Amazon.It fits perfectly and is the perfect weight... not too heavy.It is the perfect width and it's overall appearance is very elegant. <end>  Good thickness and great shine  I ordered two of these rings in a size seven to wear on my thumbs. They arrived bright and shining and after near daily wear they are still gorgeous. For an inexpensive alternative to white gold or platinum, these are certainly the way to go. My only recommendation would be to check your ring sizing elsewhere (unless you already know it). Amazon's ring sizing guide is off and if you order these (which are true to size for me) based on Amazon's measurements, you will likely be disappointed. <end>  unbelievable quality and price  I bought another ring online that I wasn't happy with.It didn't have the .925 stamp and it was made poorly.I returned it immediately.I was leery about making another purchase online til I found this ring and merchant. The reviews were great and the price was unbelievable. I figured it was the price of a lunch so why not try it. I took sabrina's advice and went to a jeweler to size my thumb. At the last minute I also ordered one for my teenage daughter. They arrived today-only about 4 days. It is simply adorable, the fit is perfect, the 3mm size is perfect for a thumb ring and it has the sterling silver stamp. My daughter loves hers as well. Wonderful merchant, ring, quality, price and style. Thank you so much! <end>  Excellent thin band ring!  My wife needed a "plain" wedding band because she began schooling to become a dental hygienist and her normal engagement ring/wedding ring combo would not work under medical gloves. This ring matched my white gold band closely and has worked perfectly for what we needed. Definitely a good buy! <end>  Wow Fast, and amazingly beautiful!  So uhm, This shipped same day, and arrived same day (being in CA) so I was already impressed. The ring looks amazing though. No wear yet as she gets this for christmas. But shipping was amazing. <end>  Silver thumb ring  This ring is nice but runs very small. I ordered a size 7 which I have another thumb ring in that size. This one didn' fit while the one I already have fits perfectly. What's up with that? <end>  Not what I was expecting from other reviews...  I read other reviews and bought the ring based on them. I did not like it. There was a weird smudge-like mark in the ring that was there for good. It was too big too (my fault entirely) so in the end it didn't work on any account. Even if it had fit I doubt i would have kept it though. In the reviews people said that it matched their white gold well but the it sure didn't match mine. It wasn't the same color or shine. <end>  shiny and solid  I love this ring. I wear it on my right pointer finger and it is so shiny and light I forget I'm wearing it. I might have to get another one for my left thumb. <end>  Thumb Ring  This ring is perfect for a thumb ring. Not bulky, but sudel. Gave as gifts for a shower and everyone loved it. <end>  Simple and elegant  This is the perfect ring if you are looking for something very simple. It compliments any diamond ring or can be worn alone. Also use as a thumb ring. <end>  Wonderful  I bought this for my wedding band. I received it one day before the estimated arrival dates started. It is light and feels very comfortable. It isn't too big and it doesn't take up half of your finger. I am really happy with my ring. <end>  Top-notch  I ordered this ring on Tuesday and received it the following Saturday. It's exactly what I wanted - and expected, and the price was certainly right. I couldn't be more pleased. Thank you! <end>  Ms G  I love my ring from Sabrina. I have gotten many compliments, however I have bought 2 other rings a while back & have been told how attractive the jewelry looks. I'm very pleased with my purchase once again. <end>  a little thinner than I'd like, but otherwise great  no complaints, I just wish I'd ordered a thicker one. Fits true to size, seems durable, great backup ring for travelling! <end>  Great ring for the money!!  I bought this ring just to have a simple band to wear while my wedding ring was being sized. I love this ring it's sturdy enough to wear everyday and does not look cheap at all!! <end>  Nice ring  This ring is nice, the comfort fit means you don't even feel it on your finger when wearing it. In hindsight I probably would have bought a thicker size as 3mm is very thin and doesn't really look like much on my finger, but this is my issue and nothing to do with the ring. It's great considering the price. <end>  Great Ring  I bought this band to go with a vintage style engagement ring that I purchased. It looks great with it! Very happy! <end>
 B000FGJLE0  Kit Heath Small Celtic Twist Drop Necklace ||	  I love this necklace!  I have gotten so many comments on this necklace. I love it!! Great for everyday wear. <end>
 B000FH3XXO  Pug Puppy Dog Breed Canine Collection Italian Charm 18k Gold by Casa D'Oro ||	  My favorite  The pug charm was my favorite because we have 2 pugs. I like it and she loves it thanks. <end>
 B000FH9PWC  Sterling Silver Large Rectangular Locket ||	  Cheep  I bought this locket w/ intention of giving it to my grandmother. There is NO WAY I would ever insult her w/ this cheep locket. The locket doesn't feel dense, and there is no luster. The loop used to hang it from the chain and the the clasp to hold the locket closed doesn't look like it would stand up to any wear. If I can return this I will. It is a piece of junk! <end>
 B000FHADCI  Crystal Bands - Sterling Silver Clear and Lavender Swarovski Crystal Band - Size 5 ||	  Nice ring for the price  good and shiny. it really shines under bright lights. awesome product <end>
 B000FHAM9M  Pugster Amethyst Cross Sterling Silver Gift Jewelry Fashion Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  I get lots of compliments on this ring. The design is gorgeous and the stone color is a true amethyst. <end>
 B000FHCG5A  Pugster Size 6 Blue Dot Mother Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Pearl Bracelet Fashion ||	  Beautiful ring!  I appreciated the obviously fine quality of this ring, the affordability of it, and the speed at which it was delivered. Thanks! <end>
 B000FHDUXW  Pugster Size 9 Round Cz Flower Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  Pretty Ring, But the Cubic Zirconia Fell Out  Unfortunately, the stones from this ring dropped out after about a month of gentle wear. The vendor offered to replace it, but only if I went to the trouble and expense of mailing it back. I didn't have time. <end>
 B000FHSIA2  Wood Base Natural Tone Beaded Cuff Bracelet ||	  Darker than pictured - interesting  This bracelet is one of the narrower cuff bracelets I purchased (at 1.5" wide). It is very light and mostly as pictured. However, mine is darker - the plastic beads definitely brown and not variated in color. The wood beads are a dark mahogany more than a cherry color, but do have a tint of red (not as much as the picture). There are some blemishes in the wood beads - for instance a few have jagged edges and dings. They are of slightly different sizes, which I believe is clear from the picture. One of the end wood beads was missing on the bracelet I received. It fits my small wrist well, although rides up, and it stretches immensely. It is smooth on the interior, so I do not think it would be uncomfortable if tight. When I purchased, shipping was fulfilled by Amazon, which did influence my decision to purchase. I would buy again, but not if it did not ship with Amazon w/ free shipping. I also recommend you check outBeads and Wire Burgundy Cuff-Translucent Beads "Beaded Bangle Cuff [Translucent Beads - Bur..., which I liked better but does not have the wood. <end>  Natural beauty  This wood bead bangle is very beautiful, earthy and eclectic. I recommend it highly. Shipping from the vendor was very fast and item arrived a week before projected date. This was an excellent transaction. <end>  Nice bracelet!  I have a small wrist but the bracelet fit ok, it was good quality, lightweight, color was pretty & natural. Thanks for a nice product & fast service, I got it in the mail quick! I recommend this bracelet. <end>
 B000FI2EYW  Red Swirl Resin Pendant Necklace ||	  SCORE! This necklace is a total score!  Yay yay yay! After reading all of the mixed reviews as to the quality of NVie Designs jewelry, I was ecstatic about the quality of this necklace. But first let me give you the specifics  the necklace is actually longer than it appears in the picture. This is no choker. The length is good news for me, as the choker style is no longer becoming on my frame, but I digress... (waaaah...) According to my trusty measuring tape, this necklace is about 20 inches long. I took the necklace and laid it out from end to end along the tape measure and it came up 20 inches (I mention this because I am never sure how the measurements are taken when I read other descriptions). The pendant is also large, but not as gigantic as the Egyptian Medallion (see my other review for details )). The swirly thing in the middle is kind of gold looking, and definitely unique. The beads have some nice details of their own, the brownish red ones have this gold swirl around them. So does the larger yellow bead. This is true to it's name - it is quite a swirly necklace. And on that note, I think this necklace is just yummy. Really good enough to eat. How appetizing does "red swirl" sound? It's like a summer treat. This is nicely priced too, which makes it all the more delicious (enough with the food references already!). I compared this necklace to the ones at Cost Plus and this necklace definitely comes out ahead in terms of price and quality. This is the score of the summer, and exactly what I was hoping to get for my money and then some!!! Hope you enjoy yours as much as I am enjoying mine! <end>  off color  I was looking forward to wearing this necklace but it came as a disappointment. It is simply cheap material and cheaply made. <end>
 B000FI6N3A  Dachshund Laser Italian Charm ||	  simple dachshund charm  I received this charm a few days ago, and am very pleased with it. It's simple and sturdy, easy to add to my charm bracelet. I would recommend to anyone looking for a simple dachshund charm. <end>
 B000FIE1H0  RN Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  Love the RN Charm!  My mother-in-law is an RN and we always give her an italian charm for her bracelet for Christmas. It was so nice to see the Clearly Charming had an italian charm for us! <end>
 B000FIFPUM  I Heart My Mechanic Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  great charm and hard to find  I love love love this charm. Its hard to find the i love my mechanic charm, and for this price i was so happy. It looks great on my italian charm bracelet and my fiance who is a mechanic thought it was such a cute idea <end>
 B000FIJ8GE  I Heart the Ocean Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  Cute!  I love this cute little charm, and bought a few different designs from the same seller, Clearly Charming -) <end>
 B000FIJ8OQ  In Memory of My Friend Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  nice way to honor a friend that has passed  I wear this charm in memory of 3 friends that have passed away. I wish I didn't have to wear it but it is in their honor that I do. <end>
 B000FIJITG  Rembrandt Charms Snowflake Charm ||	  Beautiful Charm  This charm is well made, excellent detail, good weight, not flimsy like some by other manufacturers. The vendor shipped my package quickly and I had no problems with my order. <end>
 B000FIJJ54  Rembrandt Charms Cross Charm ||	  Love this charm  This charm is my favorite. It's a little touchstone for me when I feel like saying a prayer during the day. I've been wearing it for about two years, and it has held up to heavy wear very nicely. <end>
 B000FIJJ8Q  Rembrandt Charms Shell Charm ||	  Pretty shell charm  I added this pretty shell with pearl charm to my bracelet to represent where I live a few blocks from the Pacific Ocean. It is good quality and great service from the company. I appreciate that Precious Accents does not waste packaging materials. They use just enough to get the product to the customer in good shape. No waste. <end>
 B000FIK2IC  Rembrandt Charms Veterinarian Charm ||	  Silver Veterinary Chastise  I got this for my fiance and she loved it. She wears it every day even when she has to take her engagement ring off for surgery, and she normally puts the ring on the chain next to it. It's a simple thing I would recommend to anyone who is close to some one in the Veterinarian field. <end>  Beautiful white gold pendant  This was a gift for my daughter upon her graduation from vet medical school along with a white gold chain. It is the official medical insignia for veterinarians and Amazon was the only sight that carried it in gold. It was a proud day for our family and this pendant will be everlasting. <end>
 B000FIK2UK  Rembrandt Charms Cruise Ship Charm ||	  beautiful!!!  I originaly was looking for a gift for a cruise remeberance...When I received this it was absolutly the prettiest charm I could have hoped for..I immediatly reordered one for myself.. <end>  Nice detail  Very nice, quality piece for the price. I bought this as a gift. Very nice detail as well.The only small thing that I was disappointed with was that there was no gift box, which made it difficult to find one to give it as a gift. Even a cheap cardboard one would have been okay.Had it come with a box, I would have rated it with 5 stars..... <end>  love it!!!  after coming home from an amazing cruise on the seabourn odyssey, i knew i HAD to get a cruiseship charm. this charm is absolutely beautiful and looks exactly like it does in the pictures! <end>
 B000FIK3BS  Rembrandt Charms Twins Charm ||	  Twins charm sterling silver  The gold plated and silver Twin charms arrived and I was very dissapointed, they both feel very flimsy and not very solid. Compared to a 25 Pandora or Troll bead, there is a big difference in the quality of the items. I was shocked to find that the writing saying Twins isn't legible to the point where it is almost microscopic. This kind of defeats the point of this item, as that was my reason for purchasing it. <end>
 B000FIK42Q  Rembrandt Charms Sand Dollar Charm ||	  Very nice product  My wife likes it so much she wears it as a pendant rather than a charm. <end>  Pathetic  I am very unhappy with the quality of Rembrandt charms. I found this particular one pathetic in both its "charm" and the lack of substantial sterling silver for the price (it is so tiny you might not notice it). Look elsewhere, folks, I am sending mine back. <end>
 B000FIK5CK  Rembrandt Charms Octopus Charm ||	  Adorable sea creature!  I purchased this charm for my teenager who loves sea creatures. Its a nice size, nicely made and a good value for the money. You wont be disappointed with this one. <end>
 B000FIK6M4  Rembrandt Charms Spatula Charm ||	  Question about Hole Size  Will this bead fit on a pandora bracelet? I was hoping to be able to get this as a present for someone but they have a pandora bracelet and I would hate to buy it and it not work! <end>
 B000FIK8ZY  Rembrandt Charms Michigan Charm ||	  CUTE!  My girlfriend and I purchase a charm for our "best friends" bracelet whenever we go on a trip together. Since she lives in Oregon and I live in Michigan, we thought it would be nice to add our home state charms, one on each end of our bracelets. We are coming up on a cruise in just 35 days so I am sure we'll be ordering cruise chip charms and others as well. The charms are a really good quality and they were shipped right away. <end>
 B000FIK9AS  Rembrandt Charms Anvil Charm ||	  Unique and Beautiful  I am building a charm bracelet with charms that represent my family. A favorite cousin is a blacksmith, so the anvil was perfect. It's even greater in person than in the photo! <end>
 B000FIKB7Y  Rembrandt Charms Half Marathon Charm ||	  Not happy  I tried to return this because it turned colors. I was very disappointed that they chose not to help me. I wanted to order one for my classmate but after this experience, I'll be looking for it from somewhere else. <end>
 B000FIKBZ6  Rembrandt Charms Aztec Sun Charm ||	  DO NOT ORDER!! TOO SMALLL!  This thing is the size of a quarter! I wanted something about an inch or an inch-and-a-half wide that people can actually see and comment on!It is tiny and easily overlookable! RIP OFF! <end>
 B000FIKC00  Rembrandt Charms Registered Nurse Anesthetist Charm ||	  silver charm  Fast shipping. This is a good quality silver charm. I am very happy with it. <end>
 B000FIKE9Y  Rembrandt Charms Elephant Charm ||	  Smaller than I expected !  I was expecting a slightly larger elephant, but this one was very nice, kinda expensive for it's size. Though it did work well as an addition to the charms I already have on my neck chain. <end>
 B000FIKER6  Rembrandt Charms Springer Spaniel Charm ||	  I'm a member of ESRA  and I just knew that having a Cpringer Spaniel on my charm bracelet would help show my love for the wonderful breed that they are. I wish I could have afforded the gold, but the silver is great. I would recommend it to anyone <end>
 B000FIO0Q2  Rembrandt Charms Best Friends Charm ||	  Best Friends, Sterling Silver Charm by Rembrandt Charms  I bought this charm for my 15 year old daughter and her two best friends to seperate and wear on chains. I love the charm (s) however was slightly disapointed that the seperating of the 3 left some really sharp spots that we needed to file to avoid injury. I wonder if the gold ones would have been so sharp upon seperation. Anyway, all worked well and the girls were thrilled. They are very dainty and pretty, I think all in all the quality is nice as well. I also would have liked to see the rings that hold the charms on a chain sodered. ALl in all for the money they are quite nice. <end>
 B000FIO3VY  Rembrandt Charms Space Needle Charm ||	  Beautiful!  I love this charm! It's the perfect size and it is sturdy and the color is lovely! I'm so happy that I chose it. <end>
 B000FIO4IG  Rembrandt Charms Eyeglasses Charm ||	  Excellent quality gold  I have ordered charms in the $75-150 range from various places- my favorites are the Rembrandt charms. The detail is charming, the gold is a beautiful hue and the weight of the piece is surprising, given the reasonable cost. <end>
 B000FIO56W  Rembrandt Charms Manta Ray Charm ||	  Charming charm  I bought this as a gift for a friend who swam with Manta Rays. It is a lovely, inexpensive treat for this occasion. The details are perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I actually was so happy with my manta that I purchased two. it is charm bracelet size and just beautiful. I am very happy. <end>
 B000FIO72O  Rembrandt Charms Pistol Charm ||	  Beautiful!!  This is a one sided charm/pendant. I bought this to wear as a pendant and it is very eye catching. Very detailed polished finish. I may just have to come back and buy one in the Gold!!! I love my little gun! <end>  Sooo Cute  The picture really does this charm no justice. It is perfectly chizzled with so many details and it is beautiful! It is about the size of a penny but it doesn't look too big on my necklace. I got this in the plated gold and it just as beautiful as the real deal. <end>  NICE  I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY WIFE SHE LOVES IT SO FOR THAT IT GETS 5 STARS. O AND IT DOSE LOOK A LOT BETTER THAN THE PIC <end>  NICE  I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY WIFE SHE LOVES IT SO FOR THAT IT GETS 5 STARS. O AND IT DOSE LOOK A LOT BETTER THAN THE PIC <end>
 B000FIOC6A  Rembrandt Charms Lamb Charm ||	  Lovely little lamb  I got this lamb to wear instead of the traditional cross that most christians wear. I would rather think of Jesus as the Lamb, Son of God than to wear a symbol of torture. Anyway, the lamb is perfect and arrived very quickly. I'm really glad I finally found it, I had begun to think that I would never find the little "lost" lamb. I would recommend this company to any and all searching for sterling silver (that's all I've purchased from them so far). <end>  Beautiful detail  I love my lamb charm and was quite surprised at the level of detail the little piece had. Also happy that it has some "weight" to it and didn't feel like cheap metal but something sturdy that will last. I've used it to make into a cell phone charm and it has stood the test of time for almost a year now with very little signs of wear. <end>  Beautiful, I feel like Mary and I have my little lamb  This charm is charming. Delicate, beautiful and a treat to look at and to wear. Highly recommended <end>  The most adorable lamb to represent Bella!  This is the cutest lamb that I saw on any website. It's perfect for my Twilight bracelet. Thanks! <end>  Perfect Lamb charm  I purchased this Lamb charm for my daughter's Twilight bracelet and it is absolutely lovely. Rembrandt does it again! Precious Accents, as always, was a pleasure to deal with, and you can't beat their free shipping. <end>  Lamb Charm, Sterling Silver  This little lamb is just perfect for the Twilight Saga bracelet.It does symbolize Bella's character very well. Cute as a button. <end>
 B000FIODFK  Rembrandt Charms Registered Nurse Charm ||	  RN Charm big hit with dedicated Nurse  Lovely ... a quality gift ... esp. for the professional who takes nursing as a life's work of service. Very worthwhile and beautiful. <end>  Cute Charms!  These were purchased as gifts for students graduating from nursing school. The girls loved them, I hope someone buys me one when I graduate  ) <end>
 B000FIODZU  Rembrandt Charms Bicycle Charm ||	  Beautiful Detail  This charm was purchased as a gift and we were very suprised at the detail that it had. My sister was delighted with the beautiful charm. <end>
 B000FIOHT2  Rembrandt Charms Phoenix Charm ||	  Well it is pretty...  While this charm is certainly lovely,and the attention to detail is amazing. there is just one issue. its size! it is far to small to be of use for anything other then a charm bracelet. (Which would be fine if what I needed this for was not a Pendant.) <end>
 B000FIOVC0  Rembrandt Charms Christmas Tree Charm ||	  shipping  The charm is good but the shipping was high @ $6.00 . This cost may have been reduced by using a smaller package or a padded envelope. <end>
 B000FIPEAI  Rembrandt Charms Camera Charm ||	  Better then the photo  Great charm for those who are photographers or just love taking pictures. Even the plated charms from Rembrandt are a great quality. <end>  Perfect!  I ordered this for my charm bracelet and I love it! It is made well and looks great on my bracelet. Great product for the price! <end>  Passes litmus test  I purchased this charm for my girlfriend whose hobby is photography. From the look on her face and the hug I recieved I'd have to say it was a great purchase. I checked the quality and details, nice, however the biggest litmus test was her approval. Passed. <end>
 B000FIPEBC  Rembrandt Charms Locket Charm ||	  tiny!  This locket is absolutely tiny, nearly invisible and couldn't possibly accommodate a photo, at least not a photo anyone could see. <end>
 B000FIPEQW  Rembrandt Charms Snowflake Charm ||	  okay  It was okay but its only finished on one side. Its great for a necklace, not so good as a charm. <end>
 B000FIPFWU  Rembrandt Charms Mizpah Charm ||	  Beautiful!  Thank you! It was a unique mother's day gift, fast shipping, beautiful item. Seller recommended. <end>
 B000FIPG6A  Rembrandt Charms Oil Drill Bit Charm ||	  drill bit charm  I thought it was small in size but husband absolutely loved it and so did the other guys on the rig. perfect gift for a roughneck you know. <end>  poor job  I got this charm for my fiance for a pretty hefty price. I finally got it to realize how much i waisted my money the description says hand polished but wht they mean is they picked it up to throw it in the machine. There was excess metal not cut off and the cones of the bit didnt even look like cones. They did a very poor job i would insist not to waist money on this product and this makes the company look really bad <end>
 B000FIPK7A  Rembrandt Charms Police Badge Charm ||	  The Best  My Family needed these charms(20), For my father-in-laws funeral as a sign of pride and solidarity. He was a 30 year NYPD veteran. We received these charms in 2 days. the customer service was fantastic and the quality was great. We would highly recomend this company. <end>
 B000FIPLRE  Rembrandt Charms Canada Goose Charm ||	  Treasured Charm  My father and I used to visit a nature reserve every fall to watch flocks of Canadian geese and Snow geese rest as they migrated south. Three years ago, Dad suffered a series of strokes which made it necessary for him to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home. Having this charm dangling on my bracelet is such a comfort to me as I remember our wonderful times together. I especially like the fact it is engraved on both sides which is not always true of other charms available. <end>
 B000FIPQO2  Rembrandt Charms Pig Charm ||	  Happy Metal Pig  I gave this pig to a person born under the Metal Pig sign of the Chinese horoscopes. She was very pleased. It is supposed to mean great luck to her. I was suprised that it was so small however the person receiving the pig did not care and loved it. It is very cute, shiny and the eyes are beautiful. <end>  Golden Pig in Chinese New Year  Was surprised to find red eyes on the pig. Did not know that would be part of the pig package. Really would like to gouge them out. They seem, to me, cheapen the product. <end>  Year of the Pig-2007  I purchased this delightful charm and have enjoyed wearing it as a necklace suspended on a gold chain which I purchased seperately. I've had lots of compliments on it, particularily the faux ruby eyes. It's a fun piece and perfect for the Chinese astrology sign that I am  The Year of the Pig-2007! <end>
 B000FIRBF4  Rembrandt Charms Hibiscus Charm ||	  Charm purchase  Very good product description and price. The item arrived in reasonably good time considering it came by Australia post.Will definitely purchase more. <end>
 B000FIRD5W  Rembrandt Charms Nassau Charm ||	  "Charming"  The vendor sent me the wrong order (incorrect charms) and I emailed them directly and they immediately responded to me. My charms were not in stock so I had to wait an additional time for them but every time I wrote to the vendor to ask where we were at with the delivery they appropriately responded and were very friendly about it. The charms I ordered (Nassau silver and gold, and a silver and gold cruise ship) were very nice. I will order from this vendor again. <end>
 B000FIRDNY  Rembrandt Charms 14th Birthday Charm ||	  Wonderful  Exactly as described. It is a really nice charm. Has a good weight to it. My daughter loves it. <end>
 B000FIRLYA  Rembrandt Charms Crutch Charm ||	  So Cute  Loved this charm for my sister, who was constantly clumsey growing up. She loved it too. <end>
 B000FIS5U4  Polishing Cloth for Silver, Gold, Brass & Most other Metals, 12"x15" Largest Size ||	  made my tiffanys necklace look like new  im sooo happy with this cloth. ive dried dips and polishes but nothing made my tiffanys necklace shine like the day i bought it as this cloth did. i bought it based on reviews and im so happy i did. <end>  Awesome but don't use on pearl, ivory, opal, coral/soft stones  Like the other reviewers said- this is a handy product. Folds up small, really gets the tarnish off my sterling silver jewelry.I wish someone had given me one of these as a wedding or birthday present many years ago!Didn't realize when I bought it that it doesn't work on all jewelry. The note that came with it says "Cleans, Shines & Protects Gold, Silver and Platinum. Caution  do not use on 24 karat gold, ivory, pearls, opals, coral, lapis, malachite and other soft or porous stones".Not sure what kind of chemicals are in the cloth itself- I noticed a chemical smell lingered on one of the necklace chains I cleaned with it-- I think more polishing with the outer fabric will do the trick (there is an inner and outer fabric- inside for cleaning and outside for polishing). Suggest washing your hands carefully after handling and don't let kids play with this. (I had previously tried the "natural" cleaners using baking soda and aluminum foil to no avail)Otherwise very effective and makes my jewelry look great again. <end>  Fun!  Is it weird that I think polishing silver is fun?! It works well! Its size is a huge plus and the price was right. <end>  Polishing cloth is not that great.  I recently bought this polishing cloth and all I can say is that you get what you pay for.It is large but it is very thin and doesn't have much of the polish in it. It works ok and is worth the money. I'm just disappointed and should have spent more money to get a better one. <end>  I can finally wear those necklaces again!  VERY happy with this product. It was only 5 dollars and it came really quickly as well. And for all of that, IT WORKED! I had a couple of silver necklaces that were so badly tarnished they looked like really cheap gold. and now they're perfectly silver and shiny  ) <end>  it does the job  The Polishing Cloth for Silver, Gold, Brass & most other Metals is a great buy. The seller works well with you and gives information on whatever you need. I used the cloth as soon as it arrived and it polished up my (40 yr old_she's not admitting it though) daughter's baby spoon and fork. They were BLACK, and now the cloth is black, the silverware is bright and shiny as new. Used it on a pewter like hot plate trivet and it livened up the item. Color me a 'shiny' satisfied customer.The service was prompt, before the "estimated arrival date". Dealing with the seller was pleasurable. Courteous, quick to respond in all manner. <end>  Great Product  This is a great product. The cloth has a side for cleaning and another side for polishing. I can also be used on other metals such as gold. <end>  Handy item to have  I'm sure this works well. I've used them before. I sent this one to my daughter. The cloths come in very handy to give your jewelry a quick polish before you wear it. <end>  Works Fine  Nothing remarkable. The white inner cloth does clean a bit better when damp (not wet) and the outer blue one shines things up nicely. It states not to use it with pearls or 14kt gold or higher as it will scratch. I don't know if it is just a disclaimer to protect themselves, but I'm not going to take the chance! <end>  Works great!  This is the perfect size -- I finally was able to clean and wear my silver jewelry that's been sitting in my box for too long! Very pleased overall. Will buy again when this one's all used up. <end>  Good Quick Fix  It's a good quick polish without having to use the polish. I use it often and really like it. It's wonderful! <end>  Great for me  I use these cloths for polishing my 22-250 rifle brass, as I am too cheap to buy a tumbler lol. You can polish a lot of brass with one cloth! These work good for me to polish brass while sitting around watching TV. <end>  So handy!  Bought one of these at a mall jewelry shop like 1 years ago and finally needed a new one. This fit the bill. Nice large cloth for cleaning any metal and very, very effective. <end>  polishig cloth - i would highly recommend  makes my David Yurman silver jewelry NEW again!!! - 1st step is the silver cream then follow with the amazing polishing cloth. Definitely recommend the two products. I no longer have to take my silver jewelry to the store to get them cleaned. DYI  ) <end>  Worked great and it is large.  This cleaning cloth is very large, which I love.It is actually made from two pieces that are joined together.The inner cloth is the one that is treated to remove the tarnish.The outer cloth is perfect for buffing and polishing.Worked wonderfully well on all our silver and platinum jewellery.Will definitely buy again (though probably won't need to for quite some time) <end>  Great purchase!  This product works! I would recommend it to my mom and to a friend. My silver tableware shine like never! <end>  Nice Cleaning Cloth  This works wonders for all our jewelry. We use it for silver, and gold. It removes tarnish, build up, gunk, etc very well. Keeps them very shiny, I run my necklace and bracelet which are both 14k white gold through it each morning and they look brand new. Will be buying again when this one becomes wore out. <end>  Great Polishing Cloth  I purchased this polishing cloth and am very pleased. It does a great job on my sterling silver! The size is perfect. <end>  Pleased with product  This product arrived on time, early in fact and was very pleased with how it worked. I Would order this again. <end>  Neat and easy  For a surprisingly little $ you get a nicely packaged, attractive and EFFECTIVE all purpose polishing cloth. I used it for gold guitar hardware with no issue. Add a drop of water for heavy tarnish. Works great! <end>  Perfect Silver Cleaner!  Wow! This is my first time ever cleaning silver jewelry and it worked perfectly. My Tiffany jewelry were beginning to look somewhat tarnished so I researched all the products that might work. This piece of cloth worked wonders. The cloth is simple to use and affordable. You could see the shine come back in the jewelry within a few rubs. And yes, your fingers will get a little dirty. <end>  Outdated Polishing Cloth?  The item arrivied quickly in a matter of four or five days. The quality of the cloth is suspect in that it appears stale and does not perform as I had hoped it would. I am still using a liquid product, BRASSO, and then polishing with the cloth. End cost of the cloth was $10.00 with shipping. A can of BRASSO is a buck and a half and old T shirts cost zero. Perhaps the cloths have out-lived their shelf lives. <end>  Nice, Clean Polish  Works very well in cleaning to bring back the luster! Gets rid of the gunk, but the gunkier the jewelry the more time spent to clean so make sure to seperate jewelry after cleaning so they stay cleaner longer (hang one necklace per hook & one set of earrings per container). Clothe is the best to clean silver & this clothe knows its job! <end>  I've used Better...  This product worked ok, but I have used Polishing Cloths that clean better then this one. I guess it does a good enough job. Although I don't think I would buy this particular cloth again. <end>  I wasn't convinced by the reviews  Sometimes, when I look up a product online and the reviews are all raving about it, I figure that the reviews are mostly from people who work for the company or something like that. Honestly, this product had that ring to me - the reviews were all so positive, I thought for sure they were all fake. I bought it anyway because I'm very comfortable with Amazon customer service & return policy.I had some jewelry that needed polishing. Some is sterling silver dipped in rhodium, some is gold. I didn't want to buy many different cleaners and thought that this might have a chance to be a one stop shop.The day it came, I pulled it out and laughed - it looked like just a regular microfiber dust rag. Then I used it. In a matter of 10 seconds, the ring I used it on was shiny again. Wow. I was really excited by that. Then I tried it on a few other pieces - all were sparkling in a matter of seconds. I was seriously amazed.So. Whenever I get really excited about a product, I think about all the other ways that I might be able to use it. Then it hit me. Last week was my anniversary with my husband and we drank a glass of champagne out of the toasting flutes from our wedding to celebrate. My husband washed them afterward but didn't dry them... The stems are made from silver. When I woke up in the morning, I found our toasting flutes to be horrifying - I actually cried. I thought they were ruined forever because the silver was all yellowed and horrible.This morning, I got the idea to try this rag out on the stems. I kid you not, in about 2 minutes of scrubbing with the rag (they were horrible), my toasting flutes looked almost brand new again. There are a few spots that probably wont be able to be fixed because it seems like the silver kind of got almost burnt off.. but seriously, the glasses are silver again and they're beautiful. The rag on the other hand.. it's totally black from this big project. But for only a few dollars, I'll happily buy another one to use on my jewely. For only a few dollars, this cloth saved my irreplacable toasting flutes.If you're looking for something to polish your jewelry, this is a great, perfect product - I'll be using it forever. If you're now thinking about all the other things you can use it to polish, I do suggest buying a few clothes at the same time because big projects ruin it kind of fast. However, it was worth every single penny. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Wonderful cloth  This is an amazing product to use on any and all silver --- I'm not crazy about polishing silver and caring for my jewlery in general, but I went to Tiffany's recently to fix a bracelet and they gave me one of their polishing cloths and I noticed what a difference just wiping your silver with the cloth did, so when that one got tarnished I decided to give this cloth a try and I am so thrilled!It's huge! Which is great, it lasts for a while, and its so easy to use and conveniently brings silver to a brilliant shine! I have bought it twice over the past year, and will continue to use it  ) <end>  Great for removing tarnish from jewelry  I finally wore out another cloth I had been using. This is a large cloth - so I expect it will last me quite awhile. I use this cloth to keep the jewelry that is on display in my store bright and shiny. We are near the beach - so things can tarnish quickly. It is easy to use and doea a great job. <end>  savior  I thought that my sterling flatware was permanently ruined from years of abuse. I had tried polishing with silver cream with little improvement. These large cloths removed the heavy tarnish easily. I did dampen the cloth as suggested for the really bad areas. I am so pleased with this purchase. <end>  SILVER RETURNS TO SILVER!  THIS CLOTH GOT ME AWAY FROM THE LIQUID CLEANERS THAT GET VERY MESSY. I HAVE A LOT OF SILVER JEWELRY AND WITH THE LIGUID IT TOOK ANYWHERE FROM 45 minutes TO 1hr & 15minutesAND THE ITEMS SEEM TO COME OUT CLEANER AND BRIGHTER. I RECCOMEND THIS PRODUCT VERY HIGHLY! <end>  Great item  This polishing cloth is essential for setting a beautiful holiday table with all your best silver. Works really well, especially on spot tarnish marks. <end>  Quick way to clean jewelry  Quick and easy way to clean jewelry but was a bit messy on the fingers. When I'm in a rush and want a quick clean this is the way to go. <end>  I like the two cloths  I was looking for a replacement for a tiny cloth I was given to polish my silver jewelry. I was happy to get to work on restoring the shine of what had become tarnished and dingy. I like that it has the polishing cloth connected. This cloth is a good size for large pieces, but if think I might cut smaller pieces off for cleaning small items. <end>  Large and great quality polishing cloth  It's not a miracle cloth, but it does a very good job as long as you're willing to spend some time rubbing your jewelry. <end>  Good size cloths  These are nice polishing cloths. I did not like how they were sewn together and dont know why they were. But i only gave it 3 stars because they claim one cloth has chemicals already on it for cleaning or polishing .. and i did not see any difference when just using the cloths with no actual other cleaners.. There are white and blue colored cloths , one that suppose to have a cleaner on it and the other to polish, BUT they dont clean or polish alone.. They are however nice cloths as they are, they are big and if use a brass cleaner with (for example) they work very great! <end>  Very good quality  These were Christmas gifts for my daughters. I have one, and it is great! Really does a good job of polishing metals. <end>  great cloth  works perfectly! love it because its so easy to use. works on gold especially well. good buy for sure. AA <end>  nice size  this cloth is a must have it cleans and polish size is large so you get alot of use from it and it was a very good price, relly keeps your watches clean , <end>  loveeee  This stuff is the bestttttt. I shine all my Tiffany sterling silver jewelry with it...no need to ever get your jewelry professionally polished..just take this cloth and wipe away!!! <end>  Excellent cloth  I bought this cloth to clean my silver jewelry. It works very well and is a good quality. I would recommend purchasing this product. <end>  Nice size, works well  This turned out to be a good size and works very well for cleaning and polishing my jewelry. I use it often since our well water has a lot of chemicals in it that change the color of my jewelry over time. <end>  Must have  This cloth is a must have for anyone that owns silver jewelry (or jewelry made of a different metal). This cloth easily removes the tarnish and buffs to a high shine. <end>  Does what it should!  Lost my polishing cloths from Lia Sophia and Helzberg and saw this one at a great price on Amazon. Works just as it should! You do get that dirty tarnish on your fingers but, whatever, it washes off......as long as its not on my jewelry! <end>  Wow, so easy  When I received my cloth, I had to try it immediately. I started on a piece of jewelry and when I saw how easy it cleaned that piece, I proceeded to look around for all my silver. It worked like a charm and all my jewelry looked great. I don't know why I never used a cloth before. The cloth is a must for me. <end>  Amazing polishing cloth  This polishing cloth returned my tarnished antique Rajasthan belt to its silver glory. It took a lot of finger power to rub the tarnish away, but it was worth it. <end>  Polishing Cloth  Dear Friends,I have used many polishing cloths. Some from famous jewelry stores selling for $10.00,but only 6"x 8" in size. This 12"x 15" is also the largest cloth i have ever seen.I cant believe the capability of this cloth to remove tarnish and leave your jewelry or item super shiny. I would highly recommend this cloth to anyone who is serious about getting something shinny and clean with hardly any effort. My sterling chains are just like new.Thank You,Tina from maine <end>  Took me a couple hours, but my trumpet looks new  I used this along with Wright's Silver Cream, and my trumpet looks great. I was really surprised how well just this rag takes off tarnish. The silver cream wasn't 100% necessary, but it does help get some of the tougher spots cleaned up. <end>  Shine ALL the things!  I used to have a cloth like this years ago but for a while had trouble finding them. This one worked beautifully on my sterling silver earrings, just as I expected it to. Assuming my photo went through, there's a before and after shot of the earrings so you can see what a difference it makes. For the wires, which are a bit delicate, I lay the wire against my finger and gently stroke it (in one direction) with the cloth. For filigree or other recessed spots, you can wrap the cleaning cloth loosely around the head of a soft-bristled tooth brush and "massage" the tarnish away. I like that there's a (white) cloth treated with the cleaning chemical and a separate (blue) cloth for buffing. I will definitely buy more of these when this one is used up. <end>  Smart cloth  I bought this after reading the fave reviews from many others. Out of sheer curiosity, I decided to buy one to try. I managed to try it on my silvers just recently and found it to be effective. There are two layers to the cloth, the exterior being the blue one and the interior being the white. The white piece is the one that is treated with chemicals. The blue for polishing. The design of the cloth is good because of the arrangement of the cloths  it keeps your hands far less dirty than you would to use just the white cloth itself. You need only to gently rub the pieces to see the stains on the cloth. I think with technique, this cloth could do better. Very good value for money and definitely clever. <end>  Gets the job done!  I used this on many different types of silver jewelry. he cloth cleaned effectively and efficiently, within seconds I could see the results.. my jewelry is like new now! <end>  Works Great!  I bought this product for quick clean ups on my silver jewelry. It works great as I can quickly polish up jewelry before putting it on in the morning. It doesn't leave any bad "tarnishy" smell either. <end>  polishing cloth  It does excellent job cleaning the sterling silver.It does make your fingers dirty like other viewers say.I bought this to clean the sterling silver parts of my earrings and necklaces that has mother of pearl and/or semi precious stones on it, The "Connoissuers Jewelry Cleaner for Semi Precious Stones and Pearls Delicate" did not clean the sterling silver part of the jewelry (at all!) and I didn;t want to put my jewelry in harsher Connoissuers's Cleaner solution. <end>  Polishing Cloth  I use this ALL the time to keep my jewelry looking new.It works great! Well worth the value! <end>  Great Product  This is the very large silver cleaning/polishing cloth. It cleans very, very well. I am so pleased, and I will purchase another. <end>  Polishing cloth works great!  The polishing cloth I purchased works great. I had some silver earrings that were tarnished and the cloth cleaned them right up. It's fast and easy to use. <end>  These guys are fast!  I ordered these cool silver polishing cloths to be sent ordinary mail two days before xmas and received them the very next day. Pretty impressive! <end>  Last Forever  I have one of these, this large, but dirty as can be and its over 24 years old. buy a few, clean someone's ring or watch, and give it to them as a gift. many people have no idea what a jewelers cloth is. better than a polish or something NOT dry! <end>  Works wonders  Absolutely the best polishing cloth I've ever owned! I love everything about it, the size, color and performance. A must have <end>  Works Great!  Reasonable price, large enough to hold onto, and it works. Buy it and you can't go wrong.Remember, these are to brighten previously polished metal, and not intended for turning a black tarnished silver object into bright gleaming silver. If you keep them polished once a year, or want to touch up &#34;intermittent&#34; use items, this is perfect. <end>  Polish Cloth  Sent this as a gift. Understand from the recipient that it does all its supposed to do with all metals. Takes away a lot scrubbing, etc. <end>  Excellent Polishing Cloth  This polishing cloth is larger than most offered. Very reasonably priced. Purchased it for polishing gold although it can be used on a variety of metals. <end>  It's okay  Reasonable price and okay product. as information shows , I thought this is a large cloth. However, doesn't look large. <end>  not perfect  they come with no instructions for laundering (I assume you can not reuse)..they take off some tarnish and help shine, steps need to be taken first to get silverplate shiny <end>  two pieces sewn together into one bigger piece  Two pieces sewn together into one bigger piece, it's OK product, but I didn't find it to be very effective <end>  Jewelry polishing cloth cleaning  [[ASIN B000FIS5U4 Polishing Cloth for Silver, Gold, Brass & Most other Metals, 12"x15" Largest Size]6/23/2012 RECEIVE ITEM YESTERDAY. THE ITEM WAS EXCELLENT CORRECT AS DESCRIPTION LISTED ONLINE. I DID NOT USE IT YET BUT I'M SURE WOULD BE WORTH AND HELPFUL TO BRIGHTEN MY JEWELRY WITH THESE POLISH CLOTH ONCE I HAVE USED IT. THANK YOU FOR HAVE THIS ITEM SELL ON AMAZON MARKET.WILL RETURN SOON AND ORDER SOME MORE.REGARDS,PM- <end>  Shine On!  This Product exceeded expectations!It's the BEST Polishing Cloth I haveEver Used! <end>  A bit of a scam....  This cloth is advertised as being 12" x 15".....it is two smaller pieces of cloth sewn together in the middle. I had planned to use this cloth as a drawer liner for my silver jewelry, which of course won't work with a big seam down the middle. So, beware. It does polish, though not spectacularly. I'd look for a better cloth. <end>  Wasted my money  I purchased this cloth to polish the bracelet portion of some watches I have. The cloth arrived quickly enough, but the zip-lock bag was not closed - Product was probably dried up. The cloth didn't remove any of the tarnish, much less polish it! A total waste of money. Sorry I didn't get some Brasso or a Blitz cloth - they work! <end>  Sort of works, sometimes.  I do not recommend. Silver foam and creams work MUCH better than this polishing cloth. <end>  Horrible  Not worth one red cent. Don't bother, only made jewelry WORSE! Wish I could get my money back for this. Now I'm stuck with a smelly blue rag that does nothing! <end>  Exceptional Product  Great product for my jewelry business, works great. I need to clean the silver prior to shipment to my customers and all you have to do is polish the tarnish off with the white cloth and buff the shine out with the blue cloth. Being in one piece, sewn together is a space saver as well. <end>  Gold/Silver Polishing cloths  We are using these cloths to polish up our sacred vessels (ciborium, chalices, cups) for weekend Liturgies and we love them because they do a great job of taking off all the fingerprints and dirt.Thank you. <end>  Does the job effortlessly  It's big - the right size - so you don't feel like your fingers have suddenly turned Shrek. It gets the job done very quickly. The only thing is, as other reviewers pointed out, your fingers get black very quickly, so it's best to wear gloves while you are polishing. Incidentally you're not supposed to use it for gold or precious stones, so if your jewelry is a mix, that could be a problem. But that's the case with all silver polishing cloths as far as I know. <end>  works good for Chamilia  I ordered this after visiting my jeweler to have my Chamilia cleaned. They assured me I was correct in my concern over putting the bracelet in typical cleaner. They use a polishing cloth and it shines it right up. I thought I'd get my own cloth to do the same after talking with them. This works wonderful. Shines it beautifully and gets any "black" tarnish off in a jiffy. Just be careful to buff it well with the outside blue cloth after or it will transfer black onto your skin. You also need to wash your hands after handling the white polishing cloth inside. It does leave a small residue on your fingers. Great price and as always, I received the free shipping with a $25 order. Quick delivery. Can't beat Amazon!!! <end>  Nicer than I expected  This silver polishing cloth is more than just a cloth, it has an outter and an inner cloth and the inner has most of the chemical and does the job! The other is used to polish after you have cleaned. I'm getting a couple more and giving one to my mom. <end>  great product  I had a similar cloth and have had trouble finding another. I was pleased to find this, it works great to remove tarnish from silver. I mainly use it for jewelry that is hard to clean. It does and fast and good job. <end>  Works as promised  Easily removed the tarnish and smell from metal a lot of my jewelry. Counting on it to last for a long time. <end>  Great polishing cloth!  I used this on a silver evening purse that is very intricate, and it worked wonderfully! All the tarnish came off instantly and very easily, too! This cloth also works great on my sterling silver silverware set. It's so much easier and less mess than liquids or pastes. <end>  Restored lustrousness of golden ring  I have a 750 gold (18K) ring that was scratched to the point of losing its natural shine. With the polishing cloth, gave it a gentle rub, then a buff, and the ring turned into a mirror. Not only the lustrousness was restored, but also my pleasure of wearing the ring. The deepest scratches weren't removed, but I was genuinely astonished with the results. <end>  Polishing Cloth  This works very well on any type of metal. I gave some for Christmas gifts then had to have one for myself. I got it quickly. <end>  Effective Jewelry Polisher  This product worked better than I thought it would. There are two clothes sewn together. The inside cloth is white and is treated with some chemical to work off tarnish and other oils/buildup (you don't smell the chemical at all but their information sheet lets you know there are chemicals present). The outer blue cloth is for polishing. It worked wonderful on all of my silver jewelry, even the things that weren't real silver.Do not use this cloth on any jewelry with glued in stones as the chemicals on the white cloth cause the stones to come out.My only complaint was that it makes your fingers smudgy and a bit smelly. The dirt is visibly left behind on the white cloth but also on your fingers.Overall a good product, excellent for the $5 price tag. <end>  Good Product  I own a lot of silver jewelry and this product has been the best so far to remove the tarnish. I had this silver beaded bracelet that was almost black, any time I would clean it with other "silver" jewelry cleaner it would become dark in a matter of weeks. Since I've had this product I have only needed to clean it once... and it's been about 3 or 4 months.It does however, leave your fingers dirty but you can easily wash it off. I also received many uses out of the cloth. <end>  Polishing Cloth for Silver, Gold, Brass and other Metals  This is my second cloth, it lasts years. I dip my jewelry in professional cleaner, scrub with a tooth brush, then polish to a shine with this cloth. Especially brings silver to a beautiful shine. <end>  Great polishing cloth  I asked my husband to guy this for me since I had a ton of sterling silver jewelry that was tarnished and I never wore anymore. It is a great cloth, easy to use and took the tarnish off no problem. I even had a pair of earrings that were BLACK with tarnish. It does seem that it works differently on different items that are sterling though. Some of my pieces I cannot buff to as high a shine as others but this cloth helped me discover a whole lot of my jewelry that I thought I was not going to wear again. <end>  Does what it is supposed to do.  I ordered this to clean up a two tone gold watch that I hadn't worn in 20 years and that had been sitting in a bowl where I throw keys and change. It wasn't too horrible, but it had a lot of small scratches. This cloth cleaned the gold and stainless bracelet quite nicely. There were a few larger scratches at the bracelet clasp which didn't come out, but those aren't visible since the clasp is at the bottom of my wrist out of sight. The watch, which I now wear daily, really looks great. Thumbs up. <end>  Not disappointed at all  The product arrived quickly. It is large enough for me to clean even very large silver pieces. A pair of earrings that were badly tarnished, and unwearable - to my way of thinking, were sitting on my desk for the trial run and they are beautiful now - they look brand new. Tarnish residue was left on my fingers - but that's part of the process, last I checked.Unfortunately, it seems that some people received and instruction card with the cloth? This was not the case with my order, therefore, I gave it only four stars. <end>  better than expected  i live in a damp apartment, and i suspect that is part of the reason my silver jewelry tarnishes so much and so quickly. i have a few silver tiffany bracelets, and i would just have them stems them clean, but that's kind of a pain. i bought these cloths and a bottle of tarnish remover (just in case--didn't need it), and these were incredible. it cleaned and shinned them up brilliantly. i also thought i'd try it on a gold plated bracelet that was also badly tarnished, and it worked on that as well. definitely worth the cost, i think i will buy a few more, just to have on hand! <end>  Cleaning cloth  Great on lockets and earrings with just wires to polish. I have a pair of black coral earrings and this is great to polish the silver wires without compromising the black coral. <end>  it pays to buy the best  if your like me and want to care for your gold. in this case a gold rolex go for this it really brings out the shine or in this case the bling its worth it <end>  6 in one!  I cut this sewed double cloth into 3 sections and use them for my gold selling and silver jewelry business. No mess, fast easy shine and clean to junk jewelry makes it look wonderful! Keep cloth in plastic bag when not using due to polish on cloth -must remain sealed. 5 star product I keep one pc at home, one at work, and one in car. All originally one big pc, so the price is great because I end up with 3 nice clothes for price of one. <end>  cleaning my bling  This cloth is fantastic to polish up my jewelry after I have cleaned it. Workable great on my new and antique jewelry items. <end>  It's alright  This cloth works ok, but you really have to put some elbow grease into it. Not as good as I was hoping for but better than nothing. <end>  Huge!  This item is just as described. Works perfectly fine and it's huge. Excellent for the price and serves it's purpose perfectly fine. <end>  Love This Cloth  I really thought I was going to have to say goodbye to a few pieces of costume jewelry I own -- this cloth put the life back into them. Great product!! <end>  Polishing cloth works well  This polishing cloth has worked well on a flute and metal parts of a banjo. I would purchase this again. <end>  Works perfectly!  Great price and worked perfectly. I polished my Pandora bracelet and it sparkles now, so happy with this purchase! Great size and you cant beat that price. Sent link of the product to several friends! <end>  Very good for the price.  this is very good for the price and comparable to more expensive polishing cloths like sunshine.the big size is a bonus.One tip. Dont wash it till it has totally lost all its polishing properties.Post that, hand wash it and the washed cloth is great for applying polishes like simichrome or wax.Rgds,Rushabh <end>  GREAT!!!  i use this to finish up any polished surfaces after i clean up my guns!great product! gonna buy a few more once the one i have is work out! <end>  Works great for my needs  I have several small pieces of sterling jewelry that were starting to look "old." This polishing cloth, with a little elbow grease, did a nice job cleaning them up. I'll buy another one when this one is worn out. <end>  I made the mistake...they made sure I received what I'd ordered  I had my order sent to my work address, as I always have. However, this time the receptionist boxed it and forgot about it. I contacted the company, thinking it had been lost in the mail. They graciously sent another...the same day my order appeared at work. The replacement was sent soon after I notified them it had not been received...so, I want all to know that they were wonderful to work with...problem was on my end! <end>  VERY NICE POLISHING CLOTH!!  I bought one, it done a fantastic job, so i bought another one for a spare. It does an awesome job! <end>  Very good product  I don't know what type of these that other reviewers say works better. I've used one similar for many years and finally decided to get a new one. This cloth works even better than my old one when it was new. I used it to polish the nickel bolsters on my knives and it works great.You can just see the inner cloth getting black from the tarnish it removes. Well worth twice the cost in my opinion. <end>  Not as great as using the liquids  It essentially rubbed off the tarnish from my jewelry onto my hands. Once used there doesn't seem to be a way to reuse the same areas. Can't get into the nooks of some of my more detailed jewelry and actually left a piece of cloth wedged in my Tiffany mesh bracelet  -( The liquids seem to work better. <end>  Looked for a long time for this!  Love this cloth! I have a lot of silver jewelry, especially earrings, and they tarnish quickly. Have been looking for a cloth for years that would actually for work. I had been using this old cloth that I got years before....but it had really been worn down. Bought several cloths over the years, yet none really worked. This one, however, does the trick. Would highly recommend it! <end>  Love this polishing cloth  I love this polishing cloth. It works very well and is easy to use on anything! So far I have only used a few times so hopefully it will last a while. It's already getting pretty black. However for the price I will get more for the ease of use. Much better than using regular polish. <end>  Just what I was looking for  The perfect tool to keep things shining. It means no hot water, rubber gloves, or mess to polish a bit of jewelry or a knick-knack. And yes, I have a drawerful of them, to be trotted out & put on display when the relevant giver comes by for a visit. This makes the process just a bit less painful... <end>  Works great for special jewelry  I have some necklaces with various stones that I couldn't use liquid silver polish on. This worked great as I could work carefully around the stones and take my time without worrying about making a mess. <end>  Does the job  This polishing cloth works great! I had some sterling silver that had not been cleaned in 20 years and after cleaning it with this cloth, it looks new. I am extremely happy with this purchase. <end>  Surprisingly effective.  Got this for my sister as a stocking stuffer-- she has a few necklaces that she refuses to wear because they're really tarnished. She was very skeptical about it, so I offered to clean the jewelry for her. It works WONDERFULLY. It's hard to get at clasps and other hard-to-reach places on jewelry, but it's worth the little bit of effort that involves. Everything looks good as new, and the cloth is so large I'm sure it'll be used again and again~!  ) <end>  Gets the job done!  I needed a polishing cloth to spruce up some of my silver jewelry that had seen better days. This cloth should last me a while - it is a great size and polished up my lovelies nicely. <end>
 B000FISZMW  Rembrandt Charms Music Charm ||	  music charm  I had a great prompt service. Charm was beautiful and made a 15 year old band student very happy. She has not taken it off since she received it.Thanks. <end>
 B000FIT0R6  Rembrandt Charms Gun Charm ||	  LOVE THIS  its the perfect size and so cute! I even wore it as a neckleace for a little bit&#60;3Im a happy camper <end>  Beautiful!  I usually don't write reviews but I received this charm and just had to! I got the gold plated silver but it looks like its all gold. It's really a beautiful piece and I definitely recommend purchasing it. <end>  Lovely little gun charm  I don't really have any complaints with this charm - it is what it is, a lovely little silver gun charm. <end>
 B000FIZ9ZS  December Birthstone, Natural Blue Topaz 1/4 Carat (4mm) Size Brilliant Cut Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Alittle small  But still beautiful. My daughter loves them, I am pretty sure the description states the size so just make sure you really READ before you buy. <end>  Nice little earrings for second piercing  These earrings are a little smaller than I expected, although they measure 4 mm as advertised. The color and sparkle are good. The color looks like a Swiss Blue Topaz color but it doesn't show up quite as clearly on the ear because the earrings are small. They are a good size for a second piercing and the backs fit the posts snugly. I'm happy with the earrings and may buy another pair in the same style and size with a different stone. <end>
 B000FJ18JS  December Birthstone, Natural Blue Topaz 0.40 Carat (4mm) Size Princess Cut Square Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Gorgeous!  These earings are really pretty! They're true to color, bright, and oh do they sparkle! Great little studs for gift giving, or for yourself. <end>
 B000FJ2IJM  December Birthstone, Natural Blue Topaz 1 1/4 Carat (6mm) Size Princess Cut Square Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Beautiful  Very nice color blue. They were much brighter and more vibrant then I had expected. I would love to have these in another color as well. <end>  Just as pictured  These earrings arrived early and were the same color as pictured online. Very pretty. <end>
 B000FJ7JQE  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  arrived on time has not tarnished  I have had this over a year. It has not tarnished and looks smart, delicate and understated <end>
 B000FJGFFK  Clearly Charming Swimmer Italian Charm ||	  Swimmer charm  Love the charm and the attention to details. The blue water color stands out so nice. My daughter loves this charm. Especially since we live in a warm climate and spends so much time in the pool. <end>
 B000FJP1P0  St. Patrick Rosary with Green Glass Shamrock Beads and Silver-Plated Celtic Cross ||	  cheap rosary  cheaply made, falls apart regularly. very pretty tho. maybe i could take it fully apart and use the beads and cross on something a little better than the low quality wire that breaks often. <end>
 B000FJPVDC  Clearly Charming Aces Italian Charm ||	  Wonderfully detailed Aces from deck of playing cards  This is a wonderfully detailed italian charm of all four aces from a deck of cards. Much better than buying 4 separate charms (one Ace from each suit). Great price, quality, shipping costs, and delivery. <end>
 B000FKB6QM  14k 2-Tone Diamond Teardrop Pendant w/ 18" Chain ||	  Beautiful Neckalce  I just have to say that this necklace is absolutely wonderful. I bought this for my mom for her birthday. It looks great on her and I borrow it often. The shipping was so fast. Thank you very much Harris Michael Jewelery for bringing much joy to my mom on her birthday! <end>
 B000FKBM1G  Sterling Silver Fancy Black Resin Flat Band with Cubic Zirconia Stones ||	  pleased  I am very pleased with my order- I really like this website and plan to purchase more items in the future! <end>
 B000FKBNLA  Sterling Silver Topaz Blue Resin Dome Ring with Circular Pattern size 7 ||	  Beautiful and outstanding ring for everyday wear  I got this ring over a year ago and I love it. It is exactly like the picture. It is a great ring for everyday wear. The blue resin matches blue jeans very nicely. It is not true to the size though. I wear size 6 and it is a little bit tight. I would recommend that you get it half size larger than your size. <end>  Very Bautiful  Sterling Silver Topaz Blue Resin Dome Ring with Circular Pattern size 10From the momet I seen this ring the the time I reseved it in the mail...I have just been in aw of it...this ring if amunge the prettyist rings iv ever seen. <end>
 B000FKD9CQ  Sterling Silver Leaf Design Emerald Green Resin Ring with Cubic Zirconia Stones size 9 ||	  LOVE IT!!!!  i LOVE this ring...its very pretty and very simple. ive gotten compliments on how unique it is. absolutely LOVE it!! <end>
 B000FKKMHQ  Black Enamel & Polished Titanium Ring (size  11) ||	  Beautiful  This is an amazing ring. It's width and color are perfect, it has a very comfortable fit and is very lightweight. I bought it as a gift and messed up the size so I had to change it, but it pained me since it was so great and they didn't have the right size. The service was great. Delivered on perfect time.Great ring. <end>
 B000FL06UI  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band / Thumb Ring, 1/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Beautiful ring!  I just got this ring and I have to say, it meets all my expectations! I bought it to use as a thumb ring. It is perfect! Not too big, but not too small. It has pretty detail, and it feels very sturdy, although it is not heavy. I am very happy with my purchase! <end>  I love it!  My husband and I ordered these matching bands to celebrate our 25th anniversary. They are perfect! Not too big, not too small. The work and detailing are fantastic. They are sturdy and wear very well. I am hard on rings and mine is holding up great! <end>  Nice celtic ring  This ring is pretty and is of good quality. I'm happy with my purchase. <end>  Beutiful!  This is a very delicate antique looking band! I love it and wear it all the time together with another ring of similar style that I purchased. Good quality sterling silver. <end>  Great ring  Beautiful ring. Subtle and intricate design. The design actually goes all of the way around, which was a pleasant surprise. I am pretty tough on my jewelery, so we'll see how long it lasts with all of the cut outs, but for $20, I will thoroughly enjoy it until it breaks. <end>  Great!  This ring wasn't quite as heavy as I expected but it actually works well for an index finger ring or even a thumb ring. The seller was fantastic...got it quickly. I ordered the wrong size, I sent it back for an exchange, got the ring back very quick and didn't even have to pay a shipping charge for them to ship it back to me. Very satisfied <end>  Silver Ring  This is a beautiful ring and I just adore it. It was packaged well and recieved in minimal time. Great value. Thanks <end>  irish wedding ring  I bought this ring to replace my wedding ring after I broke my ring finger and my old ring didn't fit. When I got it, the ring seemed like cheap aluminum. I guess you get what you pay for. My daughter wears it now and likes it. That is why I gave it 2 stars. <end>  Is what it is  This is a nice casual ring. Bends easier than I would like, but I would purchase again. <end>
 B000FL06VC  Sterling Silver Brick Link Design Wedding Band Ring 3/16 inch wide, sizes 4 - 10 ||	  Unique Ring  I've never seen a ring like this one. It looks great! I'musing it as a thumb ring and it's so comfortable, I never take it off.I'll be back to look at more of your jewelry. <end>
 B000FL06XK  Sterling Silver Swirl Filigree Wedding Band Ring, sizes 6 - 10, 1/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Cute Ring  not your typical "interesting silver shapes on a band"-ring.This ring is cute, pretty, and well made, to be worn in and out of the shower.Overall a great product. Doesn't bend or fall out of shape like some rings, so Go for it. <end>
 B000FL0716  Sterling Silver Multiple Sun Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  sun ring  i bought 2 1 of them was wrong size and gav to my sister n got an addl for myself..its a nice ring, just dont get it wet, supposed to b sterling silver, but turns finger black/green...my other sterling silver doesnt <end>
 B000FL1DVY  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band / Thumb Ring, 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  A sweet little ring  This ring is a nice, light sterling silver ring with a very nice box-like celtic pattern. Its not a heavy ring, and its not a wide band, but the detailing is still fantastic. I'd recommend this ring for a person with smaller fingers or someone who likes a more delicate design. its really a great little ring and wears like your finger is naked ;) <end>  Not a fan.  Not sure what I was expecting quality-wise for a sterling silver ring, but this felt cheap and plasticky in my hands, like something I could have purchased at the dollar store. That said, I couldn't believe I paid over $20 for it. Definitely returned it and am waiting for it to arrive back in LA so I can get my refund. Head to Etsy for better quality, real Irish rings. <end>
 B000FL1DZK  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Heart Ring 3/16 inch wide, size 11 ||	  Picture don't do it justice  I bought it as a pinky ring and it's perfect. It's well made and worth the money. I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  LOVE IT!!  Love my ring. The product is just as described. Very dainty and cute. I love that I was able to order it in a half size too. Thanks Sabrina Silver! Fast shipping too, as usual. <end>
 B000FL1DZU  Sterling Silver Heart Cut-out Ring 1/2 inch wide, size 11 ||	  Love it!  I'm extremely happy I bought this ring! The size was perfect, it fit like a glove, and I can wear it with any outfit! <end>
 B000FL1E1I  Sterling Silver Oval Celtic Ring 1/2 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  disappointed with product  The rings I received were not like the ones in the picture. They were dark and dingy. The silver was very thin and weak. The tops of the rings were extremely thin. They look like cheap dime store rings. If this is the quality of the rings this company sells, I will not be placing any more orders. The pictures are beautiful. The rings look thick and shiny. Not at all what I received. The only thing that was want I wanted was the size. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I bought a size 10 in this ring awhile back and I really like it alot. The only complaint I have is that with the style of the top part being like it is, it is rather thin. Still it would look funny if it was any thicker. I have had this ring for over a year though and I am satisfied overall with the quality and durability of it. Since I am really hard on all my jewelry, durability is very important to me. <end>
 B000FL1E54  Sterling Silver Flower Vine Ring 5/16 inch wide, size 9.5 ||	  I really like this ring.  At first I only bought it because it was cheap and i wanted any ring, but when I got it I was surprised at how good it looked. The picture dosen't do any justice, in my opinion. <end>
 B000FL1E86  Sterling Silver Crescent Moon & Star Ring 3/8 wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  its a cute ring  My boyfriend bought me this ring for my birthday and I like it a lot <end>  Hmmmm...  I ordered 3 different styles of these inexpensive, silver, moon/star rings. They are cute, but they turned my finger greenish the first time i wore them. I never had this happen with Sterling, so i'm not sure what to feel about them. They're still cute rings. <end>  Women's crescent moon & star ring  This ring looks just like the picture. It's beautiful, the size fits perfectly. It was a great bargain. I would definately buy from them again! <end>
 B000FL3GMS  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band / Thumb Ring, 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Celtic Knot Ring  Love this ring. It arrived quickly and well packaged. It fits exactly and looks great! <end>  Disappointed  This product looked great on screen but broke in half after two months of wearing it. The metal just started vanishing and unless I have tremendously strong soap, it was not even worth the shipping. <end>
 B000FL3GQ4  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Heart Ring 3/8 wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  very cute  This is a very cute ring. It has a very antiqued look to it, and it is very lightweight and comfortable to wear. The sizing is perfect, and the detailing is a lovely mix of feminine and strong. While I purchased this ring for myself, it would definitely make an excellent gift for any girl who appreciates the beauty of sterling silver. This ring would also be perfect as an inexpensive promise ring. I was very satisfied with the shipping of this product- I received it several days earlier than estimated. I would definitely order from Sabrina Silver again. <end>  A very good deal.  I love this ring. It was exactly as advertised and it looks great. I was a bit worried it might look cheap or not fit right, but their sizing was true and the design is lovely. Very pretty, but not prissy.I have rather large hands and finding pretty rings in a size 10 is tough. (Hello jewelers!...not every woman is a teeny-tiny-dainty thing!!! Real women want to be well-adorned too.)The service from this vendor was fast and reliable. I bought several items from them and got exactly what I wanted with no fuss or problems. I would shop from them again for beautiful silver. <end>  Love it!  I ordered this ring as a gift for myself. It is exactly like the picture and just as beautiful. I love antique style rings and fell in love with this one when I saw it. I get compliments about this ring all the time. The ring arrived on time and carefully packaged. The ring itself is very sturdy. I have had it for a few months now, and have worn it everyday since receiving it,(even to work). I work in retail, and I am constantly moving and using my hands. It never gets caught on anything, which is something I was concerned because of the bottom of the heart. Even after all this time there are barely any scuff marks. <end>
 B000FL3GY6  Sterling Silver Polished Frog Ring 1/2 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Adorable Frog  The photo has a much different appearance from the actual product. The frog ring is very nice, but will not look like the photo. I was disappointed because I wanted the rustic appearance shown and not the classy ring I received. <end>
 B000FL3I58  Sterling Silver Rope Wedding Band Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  very cool  This ring is beautiful. It's sturdy. It doesn't look cheap. The ring also fits nicely. <end>
 B000FL50MM  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band / Thumb Ring 3/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Beautiful  The ring is beautiful and I wear it just about everyday as a thumb ring. I would highly recommend it to anyone who is Irish and is looking for a simple but beautiful band. <end>
 B000FL50S6  Sterling Silver Wave Link Wedding Band Ring 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Ok for the price  I thought the band would be a little thicker. I could see where the end of the weaves were soldered together. <end>
 B000FL50T0  Sterling Silver Thin Flower Wedding Band Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Too Small  I really didnt read the product information very well on this ring. I wasnt really happy when I got it. The sunflowers are so small you canbarely see them on the ring. It looks like you just have a band on.Would not recommend. <end>  Love, love, love this Ring  This band is so beautiful. It's thin and makes my finger "sparkle". ;)Will look into buying more of their rings. <end>
 B000FL50X6  Sterling Silver Frog Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Not bad  I bought this ring to replace one I lost, I was very excited to find one so similar. Unfortunately, the metal of the frog's leg seems to be more pliant than my old one because it lifts up with normal wear. As it lifts up, it is more likely to catch on items and people. It is difficult to wear this ring as often as I would like. <end>  prety but deliate  Beautiful ring, but my band broke two weeks after I got it. Be careful with it and it's a nice ring. <end>
 B000FLTJ1A  Sterling Silver Rectangular Drop Earrings ||	  Very stylish!  I bought one pair for a Christmas gift for my daughter's best friend and one pair for me!! They are very impressive. Came with a gift box and a velvet pouch. I got it when there was an additional 60% off gold box special and combined it with another order for free shipping . . so I ended up paying only $8 a pair . . .you can't beat that. But even at $19.99, they are a beautiful set and a good thickness . . .no thin flimsy sterling silver. Definitely worth the price. <end>  Great Earings  I got these at 60% off, for $12, and these would easily retail for around $50 at Macy's or other fine department stores. They are not flimsy at all...very solid and very shiny silver. I also bought the matching pendant...it is larger in size than the earings. It's bold, and on a beautiful chain. Even at the regular price, this is a good deal and would make a very nice gift. If you can get them on sale, don't pass this up...great bargain on beautiful jewelry! <end>  Earrings with a contemporary look  I wore them to a party. Got lots of complements from friends. They add a conptemporary flare to my traditional chinese dress.They are a bit too heavy. My earlopes got tired after the night was over. <end>  Awesome earrings!!  These earring are the bomb!! I am very happy with this purchase and will buy more for gifts. These are very good quality....the earring is very thick and substantial. Beautiful and stylish. I am just so impressed by these! <end>  Very Impressed!  If you can get this for the sale price of 60% off, dont hesitate! Just BUY IT! You wont be disappointed!I am in my late 20s, and own MANY pieces of jewelry... mostly white gold and diamond, so we can just say. I like nice things.This is definitely one of 'em and I was very surprised when I got these! They have a very nice weight to it, looks and feel very expensive, is VERY shiny and eye catching, and very well made..not to mention the design is definitely unique and different, yet sleek and stylish.Buying jewelry online is a hit or miss; I usually end up returning 50% of my internet jewelry purchase, but I am definitely keeping these! You wont see them on anyone else!I also bought the matching pendent. <end>
 B000FLTJ24  Sterling Silver Sculpted Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Very Childish-looking  The necklace is a lot shorter than I imagined--it's literally half an inch away from being a choker. The pendant is not in proportion and much much larger. I was looking for a cheap Valentines day gift for my gf, but this is just too childish. <end>  Cute  The chain was smaller than I thought, and the Heart was bigger then I imagined.. <end>  Delicate chain, nice pendant.  This is a nice silver necklace. The chain has an extension, otherwise would be too short for the heart pendant. The heart pendant is pretty and larger than 1", but the silver is a lighter weight than what I normally wear. <end>  Not worth  recently bought this item on sale for 9$. It is not even worth 2$. Pendent is very big compared to chain. Better stay away from this product <end>  love the pendant  The pendant is exquisite, but the chain kept getting caught in my daughter's hair and pulling out strands. We ended up replacing the chain on the pendant...now she is happy. Unfortunate that we had to go to the added expense. <end>
 B000FLYMF8  Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 18" ||	  Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant  Very small, simple, very nice. Exactly what I was looking for. I've worn this item for 2 week with no sign of tarnish.Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 18"Updated 1 Jan, 2013   No tarnish after worn more than one year. <end>  Strong and beautifully made  My Grandma loved her Star of David and said it was gorgeous. It was sent in great timing with a great price. Thanks to the company. I trust them, 100% <end>  My wife really loves it  The pendant was a little smaller than I had expected but that was not an issue with my wife. The biggest disappointment for me was that the chain is kind of thin and broke pretty soon after the purchase. My wife didn't flinch but just substituted another necklace that she had in its place. <end>  Nice Star - Chain Too Thin  The star itself is very nice (as pictured). The chain is too thin. Gave it as a gift and it broke within a week so I had to go out and buy another chain. <end>  Love it!  This is so pretty and very small and dainty, not blingin' like a lot of these pendants I've seen. The chain may be a little TOO dainty but we'll see how it holds up. It also came with a tag that says "made in the USA" which I was pleased with, and a nice little velvet bag. <end>  Cute necklace  It's cute, but very small and the chain seems a bit too delicate. I'm afraid to wear it often for fear of the chain breaking especially if I fall asleep in it or something. The pendant is also a bit small, but other than that I can't complain. I've had it for months with semi-regular use and it hasn't tarnished or broken (yet)! <end>  Very Nice Necklace  I have worn this necklace nearly every day over the weeks since I received it. I love it. It's small, subtle, and elegant. As stated in many of the other reviews, the chain is somewhat flimsy (which is what prevented me from giving this five stars), and will need to be replaced eventually. But I've been mindful of the chain and haven't broken it yet, and overall, I am extremely happy with this item, and also am very happy with the fact that it's not made in China, as so many things are these days. <end>  beautiful and subtle  A little smaller than I wanted but it's shiny and beautiful and I wear it everyday, it's not so shiny that it stands out, it's subtle and small, the chain is a little thinner than I would have liked but it's okay because it's dainty and perfect for any occasion! <end>  Beautifully made in the USA  This necklace is beautiful and well made. Happy to see it was made in the USA! I was a bit surprised that it was so small and dainty. I would have preferred that it be a bit larger, but since it is for a beginner teen, I will be keeping it and giving as a gift. Delivery was on time and well packaged. <end>  My Wife Loved It  I thought it was a little larger but my wife loved it, so that's what counts. I like the Amazon Curated Collection <end>  petite but fine for me  i looked at alot of star of david and none appealed to me until i saw this one. the sterling silver is nice and so is the chain <end>
 B000FM05KI  Black Rubber Belt Buckle Clasp Sterling Silver Bracelet - 8" ||	  A mixed bag.  This bracelet is nice but a number of things must be known. The advertisement says 8" and it the rubber segment that is 8" with the buckle the entire thing is 9" and would be too large for most wrists. So most likely if you buy it you find it way too big for use without modification.The product description says the length cannot be modified, that is not entirely true, some careful planning on the placement of the metal loops can hide any modification you do. To modify you need to cut some of the rubber out and using super glue or crazy glue, join back the rubber pieces together but make sure you do not mix up the origination of the buckle. Once rejoined you can slide one of the metal collars over the join and a touch of glue would keep it in place to hide your handiwork. You then end up with a nice fitting bracelet once you do this little operation.The second aspect is the latch on the buckle (it is a false buckle but a latch and tang loop), it tends to get slack and open often, which can be bothersome as it would make the bracelet fall off. This also can be fixed by squeezing the metal collar the tang passes through with a pliers.Once you done these modifications (the cutting requires careful planning so no mistakes are made), you end up with a nice fitting and awesome looking rubber bracelet. <end>
 B000FM3IFC  Sterling Silver Lavender and Green Millefiori Star Cross Pendant ||	  What A Cool Cross!  So often truly unique crosses are too large for everyday wear--this one is the perfect size, and has all the colors of my wardrobe, so it matches everything. The quality and workmanship is excellent. It's a treasured piece in my jewelry box. <end>
 B000FMNE9M  Clearly Charming White Hummingbird Bird Animal Italian Charm ||	  Hummingbird Italian Charm  I really am pleased with the hummingbird charm. It really looks neat on my italian charm link bracelet! <end>
 B000FNALTW  Sterling Silver Cosmpolitan Martini Cubic Zirconia Earrings ||	  cosmopolitan martini earrings  I was very pleased with the earrings they were very nice. I bought them as a gift for my 65 year old mother and she loved them as well. I like the idea of them being sterling silver but the stones are cubics they look real and I was very pleased with this product <end>  Cute earrings!  These are very nice, well made earrings. I have the necklace that matches them and they look really nice together. <end>
 B000FNCCT4  Pink Neville Chandelier Earrings ||	  Avoid this company!  I bought these earrings from this company and they were defective (missing beads). I contacted the company numerous times for a refund and they never responded. I give their customer service the lowest rating, and their product as well. <end>  Cute, but kind of cheap  These earrings look shiney online, but when you get them they look cheap. Still cute though and very colorful. <end>
 B000FNEH0G  Blue Solania Chandelier Earrings ||	  great product, on-time shipping  the friend i gave the earrings to loved them! great christmas present! <end>
 B000FNEH2Y  Blue CASCADING CHANDELIER Earrings ||	  Great deal!  These earrings were even better than I expected. The super-cheap price originally caught my eye, but when they came (very quickly and ahead of schedule), I was pleasantly surprised to discover how cute they look when worn. I have received several compliments on them already. The size is good too--not too big, not too small. <end>
 B000FNGL8W  Passionate Pink Ecelctic Heart Earrings ||	  Cute design, bu tlow quality.  This was not a bargain price for a quality item, as I'd hoped. Cute design, but more like plastic than metal. The loop holding the lower heart was open upon arrival, and upon trying to close it, the loop broke off. Too bad, as the photo is cute. <end>  birthday thrill  My daughter is living overseas, these gave her much pleasure to receive for her birthday from me and I was very gratified by the whole experience. <end>
 B000FNKU1Q  Amazon.com  Faith Gear - Coin Fob Cross  Clothing ||	  Good purchase  This necklace was a good choice, and looked even better when it arrived than on the computer. My boyfriend loves to wear it daily and shows it off every chance he gets. It is strong and will last for a long time. I would buy products from this site again. <end>  Looks better in person than in the picture.  This necklace is great. I got it for my boyfriend and he loves it. It looks very nice and is good quality. I would definitely recommend this to anybody. <end>  Gr8 Purchase.  The item arrived in the exact condition as described by seller. I am satisfied with the product it looks good on with any clothing being worn.I would personally suggest this product to anyone who is wondering whether they should buy this leather chain." <end>  Given as gift  Received quickly. Looks just as pictured. Worn several time since given as gift and looks good. <end>  FAITH GEAR COIN FOB CROSS ROCKS  I bought the Faith Gear Coin Fob Cross for my 19 year old son. He promptly took off his other (expensive gold) cross and he wears the coin fob cross all the time now. It is well-made and striking. He loves it! <end>  Nice faith gift  Got this for my son and he loves it. Wears it all the time.Dede <end>
 B000FOIXYQ  Anklet - A21 - Swarovski (tm) Crystal Stretch ~ Aqua w/ Aqua Flower ||	  Swarovski crystal stretch anklet  I purchased this as a gift for my teenage niece. It is beautiful! The color is great and the flower is adorable. The only problem is that it is very long for an anklet. When you look at it you think, "too short for a choker style necklace, too long for a bracelet or anklet". I tried it on and it was big for my ankle (I would say I have average adult ankles). On my ankle it hung down quite a bit, but did not touch the ground. It's a shame because it really is a beautiful anklet. <end>
 B000FPAJFG  Asian Dragon and Lavender Jade Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Will make a nice gift  Purchased this necklace about a week ago, and arrived with no delay. Very nice silver work, though a darker jade would make it really pop. Overall, still very satisfied. <end>
 B000FPGND8  Diamond Accent 18k Yellow Gold over Sterling Silver Pear-Shaped Cluster Pendant and Rope Chain 18&quot; ||	  Very Disappointed  Not happy with this purchase. Did not look like the photo. Quality and appearance is disappointing. Not worth the price. <end>
 B000FPIRRI  Baby Phat Drop Earrings ||	  Great Earrings  My daughter is a baby phat fan and loved these earrings. They are not too heavy or gaudy. The service was great and they even threw in a free jewelry polisher. Very happy! <end>
 B000FPKTL0  Clearly Charming Sissors Italian Charm ||	  Great Buy  Clearly Charming Cross on Stained Glass Italian Charm Bracelet LinkExcellent looking charm. Exactly as pictured. <end>
 B000FPP514  Classic Floral Wooden - Musical Jewelry Box ||	  Nice  This is a well made box. Nice functionality. Image on the top is a little weak, but overall would recommend. <end>
 B000FQ0K40  Copper Temptations Sequined/Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Disapointed  I should have listened to the other negative feedbacke about this product. Of course you get what you pay for...I'm a pretty "heathly" gal and this bracelet was waaay to big! I purchased it to cover a small tattoo I have on my wrist and it was so loose, it fit halfway up my arm! So much for a "bracelet"! <end>  Great jew;ery for unbelievable prices  jewelry has a handmade, ethnic feel. I love all things ordered, necklaces, bracelets. Prices are unbelievable. fast delivery.DE <end>  copper temptation not tempting....  This bracelet should never have been packaged and shipped...it was stretched too far out of shape for wear and simply slid off my wrist over my hand to the floor. I was very disappointed since I ordered it with other products in which I am pleased from this seller...I threw it in the garbage!It doesn't rate any star at all...but I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  All of your jewelry is beautiful and you are the BEST sellers!  Thank you for offering lovely jewelry at exceptional prices!I was absolutely delighted to open my mail today!You made my day! Thanks! <end>
 B000FQ0Q58  Cute Stretchy Smokey Quartz Chip Bracelet ||	  pretty  got this really fast. it's a very pretty bracelet and it fits! I've got small wrist so its hard to find bracelets that fit without slipping off. these bracelets are perfet. Thanks love it. <end>  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000FQ75RK  Nvie's Modern Uni-bead Necklace - Red ||	  One of my favorite necklaces  Lightweight, simple, stylish. I've seen for sale at the SFMOMA gift shop that are no better. <end>
 B000FS4LW0  Pretty! Black Hills Gold diamond-cut Rose Bud Women's Ring ||	  Very Dainty...  Super pretty ring. Very well made. Looks very dainty on the hand. Black Hills Gold is classic & always looks good w/ anything. <end>  Finally  I was given this exact ring as a teenager by friend's of my mothers', and pawned it for $20-to my everlasting shame. Having looked for a replacement to no avail, for so long that I almost given up...amazing that seven years later I just stumble upon it here on Amazon. Thanks. <end>
 B000FS5FJ8  Sterling Silver Prayer Box with Praying Hand Design ||	  Prayer Box  The Prayer box pendant & chain are perfect. Just as pretty as in the picture and I received it in two days. <end>
 B000FS79UQ  Sterling Silver Heart Shaped Prayer Box with Floral Design ||	  beautiful but itchy  i ordered the heart prayer box and it's lovely, but after having worn it for a day i broke out in a very nasty red rash. i suppose it was my own fault, i didn't check to see if the pendent was nickel free, so check first before you make any purchases from this company. <end>  Not what I expected.  I bought two of this item - the silver heart shaped prayer box necklace - for Chrismas presents. While the heart pendant itself was pretty, it just didn't look right to me on the necklace it comes with. The chain is beautiful but a brighter silver than then antique look of the pendant. So it just didn't seem to match. I ended up returning both necklaces. In my opinion, a better purchase for half the price from this same company is the sterling silver small oxidized "filigree heart" pendant. I bought that for myself and love it. <end>  Beautiful  Very lovely and sentimental. I gave it to my sister for her 50th birthday with a note inside. <end>
 B000FSCRIA  Beaded Chain Necklace Sterling Silver 1.00mm (Available in Different Sizes) ||	  Even stands up to heavy wear  I am very hard on my jewelry; I wear it all the time, including to sleep, shower, and swim. This chain has held up beautifully! <end>
 B000FSFMQY  14K Yellow Gold Diamond Heart American Flag Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Perfect gift  I was searching for a gift for my daughter-in-law who was becoming a U.S. Citizen and found this beautiful piece of jewelry. It was so much more than I expected and the perfect present for this very special day. I highly recommend this necklace as it is a very beautiful piece regardless of the occasion. <end>
 B000FSHIW0  Sterling Silver/Rhodium Flexible Diamond Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  My 2nd worst chain  The image pasted is a mare false fabrication, the pendant is very very tiny of which i can even swallow it with out drinking any water. How I wish i never have bought it, the stones are no where to be found, its not shinning at all. I am begging u pls not to buy this chain as its more of disappoitment. <end>
 B000FSJ1N4  14K 1/4 Carat Diamond Solitaire Pendant w/ 18" Chain ||	  "BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE!!!  "BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE!!! great value, nice looking diamond & sturdy chain. Highly recommend seller & will shop them again. Great quality and excellency. Fast shipping & very well packed for shipping too! Very pleased--Thanks )" <end>
 B000FSJ2OC  Sterling Silver 8mm Polished San Marco Bracelet - 8" ||	  Very nice !  This is a lovely bracelet - I do love it. The size is good. A little loose, which I like for a bracelet. There's one thing that puzzles me though, I can nowhere find the "Sterling Silver" Mark on the bracelet (except on the lock) and that worries me! Also, I think it tarnishes very fast! But maybe that's the quality of the silver! <end>
 B000FSMZZU  Sterling Silver/White Luster Diamond Square Dangle Earrings ||	  Netaya Diamond Dangle Earrings  I got these for valentines day and I was a little disappointed at first when I first opened the box, but after wearing them out I changed my opinion of them. They definitely need some light to show the diamonds sparkle. They are very elegant and the length is perfect. The only down fall I think is the backs don't really fit the earrings. I had to use backs from a different pair. (but not a big deal). <end>  verry pretty  these earrings are exactly as described. very pretty, long enough to be eye catching, obviously the diamonds are too small to make a big statement so not to wear to the oscars. excellent value for money. and at this price if you loose your little diamonds you wont be too upset! Packing very poor so if its a gift, find something more chci to present them in. <end>
 B000FSN1DU  Sterling Silver Fluted Doorknocker Earrings ||	  Enormous! and clunky!  Perhaps I should have read the description more carefully, but my expectation was that these would be delicate silver earrings. (Hey, maybe doorknocker should have meant something to me...but live, shop and learn!)These earrings are HUGE! I'm 5 feet 8 inches tall and 135 lbs, so I'm no Audrey Hepburn, but these are enormous, showgirl earrings meant to be seen all the way from the backrow.In addition, while they are nice, big, shiny earrings, they also appear to be nice, BIG, shiny earrings on tiny, fragile stems to go through the ears. In fact, the stems are so small and soft that even if these earrings were my style, I would be afraid to wear them for fear that the stems would crack leaving me scuttling to retrieve earrings I don't even like.Hmmm, perhaps something to "regift" to a flashier friend for a costume party. <end>  too big  the earrings were larger than i thought they would be. not too heavy but just to big for me <end>
 B000FSUEVM  Necklace, 1.50mm Rolo Chain,16, 18, 20, and 24 Inches) Sizes Sterling Silver ||	  Good chain  This is a good chain but definitely not a chain for a man. It's too feminine. I thought this length would be good for my bf but it should definitely be longer. <end>
 B000FT73RY  Crystal Aurora Cz Chandelier Dangle Belly Button Ring ||	  Junk  This product looks very nice, but upon receiving it it is clear that the overall quality is very low. The jewels are, positionally, glued in place sloppily. After a few weeks of my girlfriend wearing it, it broke and is now in the trash. Don't buy. <end>
 B000FT8S28  Black Iron Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Great Quality  Excellent made product and it is not too big for me. I would say the product photo is the actual size which is perfect. The weight is nice as well and I get a lot of compliments about it. It comes with a special rope for the chain. I really like it because you can adjust it by moving the knots one way or the other to raise or lower the necklace. (They are on each side and very easy to use. I've never seen this idea before.) But the main factor here is the German Cross which is very nice looking.Overall, I am very satisfied and I recommend this product to the fullest. <end>  An easy return  I liked it but it was a little big for me. I returned it very easily though which allows me to want to buy from them again. <end>  I am in love with this Cross!  When I first ordered it, I was a little bit worried about the quality. To be quite honest, it looked quite fragile and bendable. But I couldn't have been more wrong! I am so pleased with how sturdy and durable it is (not that I'm really rough with it, and bending). It hasn't rusted or discolored, and it's the perfect size. I absolutely love it &lt;3 <end>  This thing is awesome!!!  Okay i bought a cross like this a while ago and it was too big and the chain sucks, but this one is AMAZING!!! I recived so many compliments on the first day, it looks awesome, and it has a really cool way of taking it on and putting it on. Also the quality of it was reeeally good i highly recomend this product!  D <end>  YAY!  Its a little bigger than I expected but I'm perfectly fine with that because it goes with my cosplay even better! It doesn't come on a chain and I have yet to test its durability although it seems pretty strong. It looks really good and came without any scratches. It doesn't come with a chain which is what I was wondering just some of the usual craft necklace thingy. But I'm good with that too since its adjustable. Over all I'm very pleased. <end>  Amazing  Its a beautiful cross. Its a perfect size not too big nor too small. The string that comes with the cross is perfect and adjustable. I highly recommend buying this cross.  -) <end>  Can't complain  I like it. It's a decent size! (Not too big or small)I only wish it came with a chain instead of a cord, but other than that, it's perfect. <end>
 B000FT9J6C  14Kt Three-Color Diamond Stackable Oval-Link Ring ||	  Gorgeous product  The ring is absolutely gorgeous and she loved it (and just wasn't saying it). It is a unique ring and that's what drew my eye to it. It's beautiful in the sunlight too. <end>
 B000FTNJ3Q  Pugster Heart Cz Aquamarine Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Fashion Ring ||	  She loved it and it didn't fall out  She loved it and the stone didn't fall out. What more can you say? Are you thinking about getting this for your girlfriend? Do it. It's classy and not gaudy. Think about what color she likes though (birthday month?). Two thumbs up, playa. <end>
 B000FTPOMK  14k Yellow Gold Butterfly Pendant, 16" ||	  pretty necklace  It is a nice made necklace, and the butterfly pendant looks beautiful. I love it. <end>  pretty necklace  I bought this necklace on a whim; I love butterflies and it looked so dainty and sweet. It was actually a little more weighty than I expected, although it's not a solid piece. The chain is shiny and nicer than I expected. <end>  Nice and weighty  Bought via gold box ,it is much better than I thought!the chain is also great! <end>  Great necklace for kids or adults  I love this necklace. It is great for everyday wear and is very durable and cute. I have small children and they love it. <end>  Absolutely satisfied with it  Love this butterfly pendant. Right size, high quality and elegant design. Plus, it is really easy to wear and remove all by myself, no help needed. <end>
 B000FTR9GO  Turquoise Butterfly Ring (size  7) ||	  Great!  Bought this ring about two weeks ago and love it. It looks just like the picture, shiny silver and the turguoise is pretty. Great for everyday wear. <end>
 B000FUYPVU  Gemstone and Silver Threader Earrings ||	  More beautiful than the picture.  I loved these earrings the minute I saw them. When I got them they were more beautiful. Delicate, yet dangly, they are great for casual or dressy. <end>
 B000FV041E  Clearly Charming July Ruby Color Paw Print Birthstone Cat Dog Bear Animal Theme Italian Charm ||	  ADORABLE RUBY PAW PRINT CHARM  My sister has an adorable Havanese puppy and she absolutely adored the paw print charm. I received it in record time and ordered 3 more! <end>
 B000FVX7S6  Australian Natural Boulder Opal Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  awesome  so pretty. I gave this to my mother for Christmas and she wears it often, getting numerous compliments. The pieces is so unique and unusual that it get quite a bit of attention. <end>
 B000FVXTL6  Men's Titanium 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  7mm Titanium Wedding Band, Size 10  I bought this ring as a wedding band for my soon to be husband. He likes it far better than anything gold or sterling, and with gold prices going up, this is a more financially practical option. A great option for men who work with their hands, or men who don't wear a lot of jewelry and would prefer not to fuss about with their wedding band. <end>
 B000FW2MFE  Solid Stainless Steel Cable and Rubber Bracelet, 8 inch long ||	  Looks nice but...  Just got this. Excellent service. Nothing to complain about seller. A couple of things though. The 2 square pieces that holds the 3 bands together slides. I don't know if it should be tighter or not but eventually they end up by the clasp. I don't really mind it that much. I bought the bracelet because it didn't look like and ID bracelet. If it starts to bother me, I'll tighten it up with a pair of pliers.The 2nd thing is I think it's a bit expensive at about $20. It's nice but I feel it should be around $15. If I get complements like the other reviewer, then it will be worth the $20. <end>  Kind of flimsy  Does not have that nice jewelry feel to it, but it looks as pictured. Not bad, but not as nice as similarly priced bracelets I have purchased. <end>  A perfect gift.  I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend after I noticed him looking at similar bracelets at an expensive jewelry store. He loved it and wears it every day! Its also a great value for the price. <end>  Men's bracelet-surgical steel cable  Great shipping and communication from seller. Item is very elegant and unique. Makes a statement as I have had a lot of questions about it. Brings up a many conversations from people I would like to get to know better. <end>
 B000FW61U6  Stainless Steel Oval Bangle For men, 8 inch ||	  NOT BIG-BONED  I like jewelry, but I practically never wear it. Men with big, sinewey hands with large knuckles and serpentine veins can wear jewelry pretty easily, and it looks good on them. I can't. My hands have tapering fingers, and my wrists are unobtrusive. Not small, mine are musician's or surgeon's hands, perhaps. So, anything I wear has to be subtle in design and modest in scale. MINIMALIST JEWELRY. (The Seventies are gone, if not forgotten.)This is the only bangle I've bought and worn in thirty or more years. It looks absolutely great, and balances against either a leather strap watch or one with a bracelet. Very light, but doesn't look it. The shape prevents it from spinning on one's wrist as one types, or eats or uses one's hands. Silent. Doesn't get tangled up in anything. There's a very discreet hinge and fastening device.This is something that might appeal to and be suitable for a MOMA kind of guy. <end>
 B000FX1C4K  Carved Mother of Pearl Shell Daffodil Flower and Genuine Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Beautiful, but not exactly like the picture  These earrings are very beautiful, but I personally feel that the picture misleads you. From the picture, I thought that the mother of pearl backing looked like it was individual petals. However, this is not the case. The carved mother of pearl is a solid, flat back, with petal outline engravings. It is genuine mother of pearl, and the metal is 925 stamped sterling silver. The shine is gorgeous and it is, overall, a very beautiful pair of earrings. I gave four stars because, to me, the original picture was misleading. Also, I posted my own customer image. I hope this helps. <end>  These are lovely.  Very delicate and lovely. Reminds me of the days when women did not dress like tramps. Fast delivery. <end>  Disappointing  These are pretty earrings but I also feel the picture is misleading. I appreciate the picture posted by Starsage  it's a good representation of the earrings. I'm sending these back because they just weren't what I expected. <end>
 B000FX4N1E  Pink Teardrop Shell Disc Drops Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Wonderful  These are large earings. The shell is beautiful and the color is great. Just know that they are very large. I usually dont wear such big earings, but these would be perfect for an evening out. <end>
 B000FXSRK2  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 6-6.5mm White Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  just beautiful!  these pearls are so delicate, they are not too big, but for my daughter they are just perfect. <end>  Pearl is fine, chain is not!  While I am happy with the quality of the pearl pendant, the chain is terrible! When I opened the box it was packed in, the sterling silver chain was filthy. It was so badly tarnished that I was not even sure it was silver. The chain was almost black in some sections and a brownish pink in others. I had to use silver cleaner to make it presentable. In addition, the clasp opening is so narrow that the ring at the end of the chain almost won't fit. It is a struggle to close the clasp. I bought this as a gift for my daughter and with Christmas being so close, I will give it to her as is, but I will most likely be buying an new chain. <end>  Wedding Jewelry  I had a very embellished wedding dress and wanted simply accent jewelry to top it off. I bought both the necklace and matching earrings. They are very beautiful and elegant and went with my wedding day perfectly. My only knack on them is that they were smaller than I imagined. I guess the size is in the description, so it is my fault. I would recommend this necklace as a good accent to a busy dress/outfit. I still wear it from time to time to dress up other outfits day-to-day. It is truly gorgeous! <end>  Not what I was expecting  I bought two of these necklaces for my bridesmaids. The chain on this necklace is a very poor quality. It is very flimsy and looks like it will easily break. The pendant was also much smaller than I expected it to be. I was able to find a better quality necklace locally for a lower price and ended up returning them. <end>
 B000FXSRKC  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 6-6.5mm Pink Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Beautiful, delicate, looks very very expensive  We bought this for our daughter for her 8th birthday. She asked for a real pearl necklace. The chain is delicate and the pearl is gorgeous. Looks very expensive. <end>  Very pretty, though there was a hurdle.  I bought this as a small sentimental Christmas gift for a close friend of mine. It arrived quickly, as I have Amazon Prime, but when I opened the gift (I'd read that the chains come tangled sometimes, so I wanted to make sure it was untangled when my friend opened it) I was horrified at the condition of the chain. It was almost completely brown and tarnished. It was late, and the holidays, and Augustina's site explained to call Amazon over any orders fulfilled by them.I called twice trying to get something done, and the service was terrible! They were completely unsympathetic to the fact that I now had a damaged and embarrassing gift to give to my friend. The pearl was beautiful. They told me I could get a refund if I mailed it back, but refused to try to send me another chain, which was all that I wanted.Amazon told me that I had to call the company directly if I wanted any actual service. I went ahead and emailed the company, since I was soon getting on a plane and wouldn't be home to play phone tag. They did respond to me quickly, and had a new chain sent via Fedex overnight to my hotel in NY. It took two nights because of the recent blizzard, for which the company apologized profusely. (The city-crippling blizzard was not their fault, but I sincerely appreciated the fact that the company took ownership of the issue and bent over backwards to make it right.)Not only did they send me a new chain (which was beautiful) but they also included a nice gift in order to apologize for the inconvenience. The products are lovely, I think this was just a storage issue. I would definitely buy from Augustina again. <end>  Pink Pearl Perfection  I bought this for my niece on her 9th B-Day, she has not taken it off since! She says she gets compliments on it everyday and everyone wants to know where she got it. <end>
 B000FXUS72  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 8-8.5mm Pink Pearl / 18K White Gold Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this necklace, and when I received it, I originally got a black pearl. I contacted the seller, and they promptly shipped me the correct color, although I did ask for a size upgrade to the 9.5mm (perfect size) and an 18 inch chain. The pearl is exactly as described, high luster, uniform round shape. I love it, I wouldn't exchange it. I wear it as an every day piece. I received the best customer service from this company, I would definitely order their product again. The only reason I knocked one star off was because the 16 inch chain included is a little small and I didn't receive the correct color on the first try. They said it was a warehouse mistake, but they corrected it promptly. <end>
 B000FXVTVG  18" Anti-Tarnish Sterling Silver Necklace with a Carved Mother of Pearl Rose Flower, Rose Quartz, and Freshwater Pearl Beads ||	  Aunt Rose loved the "Mother of Peril"  I got this as a gift for my Aunt on the holidays. Her name is roseso it was very applicable. She brought it with her when she cameand visited me. It is quite beautiful. She only wished that I boughther earings to go with it. She found them on her own. Oh, the "Peril ofPearl" <end>
 B000FZRP6W  Multicolor Crystal and Jade Chip Bracelet ||	  Very pretty and holding up fine.  I bought several of this company's bracelets because of the great prices for semi precious jewels. All of them have been beautiful and have held up well. I would not recommend them, however, for anyone with larger than an average size wrist. In fact the smaller ones, like the one above, might even be best for someone with a wrist of 7 1/2 " at most. <end>
 B000G08XZI  Mens Sterling Silver Bali Bracelet ||	  Great Quality!  This is great quality jewelry for the price. I bought this for a very picky man (he wears only silver, and usually only Celtic jewelry). He loves it and wears it every day! Highly recommend this company! <end>
 B000G08Z6U  Sterling Silver Sapphire CZ Bezel Set Tennis Bracelet ||	  Great little fake sapphires in a great bezel setting  I am extremely pleased with this purchase. I think the bracelet look wonderful on my wrist. I'm the only one who will know that the stones aren't real sapphires. They are a beautiful blue color and the setting is my favorite. Ordering the bracelet was easy and the shipping was fast. I'm a satisfied customer who may become addicted to Eve's Addiction. <end>
 B000G0CPYS  Sparkling Intricate CZ Silver Tennis Bracelet ||	  A well made pretty CZ bracelet  Needed a medium substantial looking bracelet to go with my wedding dress. My dress is free of decoration and the bracelet is going to be a secondary focal point. Was pleasantly surprise that it was very pretty and well made CZ bracelet and worthy of wearing on my wedding. Has a couple of slide in and latch clasps which makes the bracelet feel weighty and "expensive". <end>
 B000G0GDSW  Beautiful! 14k Yellow-gold 6mm (11/2Ct TW) Round Moissanite Stud Earrings ||	  took my breath away!  I have had real diamonds and everything in between. These moissanite earrings have more fire and sparkle than my real diamonds - literally took my breath away when I opened the box! In the past, the CZ studs I have had, got scuffed & scratched and lost that initial sparkle after a few weeks. These moissanite studs, have kept every bit of brilliance as they did when I first opened them. The 1.5 carat size I was concerned might be too big and look fake because of the size, but they are actually the perfect size. Don't hesitate to buy them - they are a great deal. With moissanite, who needs real diamonds? <end>
 B000G0XPNS  Montana Blue Stone Cufflinks and Studs, Set Includes 2 cufflinks/4 studs ||	  Item is as described  I like the set. I got it to wear with a navy blue tuxedo and it compliments the outfit well. <end>  Van in Saratoga  The look and quality seems good. The stones themselves are very pretty. One stone had fallen loose from one of the studs, which is worrisome. It was easily glued back into place however. <end>  Just Great  They are beautiful and perfect for a formal occasion we have coming up in the near future. We love them. <end>  Sharp looking accessory  The only thing I don't like about these studs is that the metal looks too bright/shiny (like stainless steel), so you have to wear a bright white shirt (as opposed to ivory or cream colored) to avoid a color clash.Otherwise they look great. <end>
 B000G1VEW6  Garfield Collection Garfield Holding Teddy Licensed Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  I'm a Garfield LOVER!!!  This little charm is so amazing and detailed so well. I bought it for my bracelet link cause it needed more charms and I absolutely love it! It's a great and amazing asset to my bracelet link!! <end>
 B000G2GWAE  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality Round 6.5-7mm Akoya SaltWater cultured Black Pearl Earrings with 18K white Gold Mount ||	  Quality questionable  When these earrings arrived, I was a little disappointed. Mine were barely pushing 6.5mm, and were much smaller than I was expecting. The color and luster was beautiful, perhaps even more shiny than the picture and the backs seemed sturdy enough. If that was the only issue, I gladly would have kept the earrings, however as I was scanning the "appraisal certificate" I noticed some typos (which you can clearly see if you look at the picture of the certificate!). Example  "...sat water pearls..." rather than SALT water pearls. I find it hard to believe any reputable company would have typos on a certificate, and because of this, I question their quality/authenticity. If you are looking for pretty black pearl earrings, these get the job done, but I decided to get my $100 back and put it towards a pair I KNEW was good quality. I guess that is the risk you run ordering jewelry online! <end>  Gorgeous  I bought these for a special friends birthday.She loves them.They go well with casual or dressy clothes.For the office or party.They shine beautifully in reflected light.This is the second pair of Akoya pearl earrings I have bought from Augustina Jewelry and will not hesitate to buy a third pair for myself. <end>
 B000G2IUG8  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality 18 Inch Round 5.5-6mm White Akoya SaltWater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  I haven't taken it off  I just bought this product and I love it. It looks and feels really nice. <end>  Akoya pearl necklace  I sent this item to my daughter for Christmas and she loves it!! <end>  Horrible quality  They advertise the necklace as being appraised, however, in a response to the complaint I sent the company replied "Please understand that original appraisals from certified appraisers cost between $120 to $150 each in nationwide market. Thus we are not able to send the original appraisals along the order. The copy of the appraisal is for reference purposes only."Obviously each individual necklace is not appraised, and the company sends a copy of an appraisal for a similar necklace. The appraisal itself refers to a particular necklace, not a group of necklaces. There is no guarantee that the necklace you receive has actually been appraised at all.The reason I am writing this is because I received a horrible quality necklace with many pits and a very dull luster. It is frustrating to me that the company thinks it is okay to present something as being actually appraised when it in fact has not been. <end>  Almost perfect.  The necklace is beautiful and will be the perfect wedding gift to my fiancee. I wan't very impressed by the box it arrived in. The necklace was cramped and needed to lay flat a while before it was presentable. Other then that, I can't wait to give it to her! <end>  Everything nature can offer (and More)  All I can say is that they were a gift for my wife and she hasn't taken them off since. That's what I call a Happy Anniversary!!!AAA Quality 18 Inch Round 5.5-6mm White Akoya SaltWater Cultured Pearl Necklace <end>  Great Product, Great Service  I ordered this for a Christmas/anniversary present. I ordered it close to Christmas hoping that it would arrive in time. It arrived 2 business days later. I was very surprised with the speed of the shipping, and the shipping was free!!! My, not so reliable mail service, reported the package undeliverable even though I received it. I got a call from the seller 3 days before Christmas asking if I had received the product. They were prepared to express ship another necklace to me in time for Christmas because of the Postal Services faulty reporting. What Great Service. Oh yah, the necklace is awesome, my wife loved it. <end>  Beautiful and affordable  They are gorgeous and very reasonably priced. My first set of pearls. Delivery was fast and secure. Received an appraisal. Would buy from them again <end>  Akoya pearl necklace  Great product at a great price. My wife, a former jeweley sales clerk, was impressed by the quality. <end>  Exactly what I was hoping for  My girlfriend loved these. It is her first strand of pearls and she was very happy with them. Thanks for the great product and prompt delivery! <end>  pearl necklace  the salt water pearl necklace i a good quality item. it was for my wife on our anniversary . she loved it, and was well pleased with it. I also gave her the pearl earrings ordered with it. round , smooth, nice shine. a great value. <end>  Exactly as described, fast delivery  I don't usually purchase jewelry on the web, but I wasn't impressed by what my local jewelry stores had to offer or their prices. Augustina has excellent reviews, good product and excellent prices so I thought theywere worth a try. Much to my surprise the necklace arrived the day after I ordered it and I only paid a little extra for standard four day shipping!The necklace is exactly as described and comes in a nice gift box. I had a couple of quick questions about the necklace so I called customer service. I was connected immediately and the gentlemen I spoke with was helpful. If you are considering purchasing pearl jewelry then you need to consider Augustina's. <end>  Excellent product!  I received the pearl necklace two days ahead of the estimated delivery date. The pearls were of good quality and the box it came it was very nice. This will make an excellent christmas present. Thanks! <end>
 B000G2KDPY  Hello Kitty Red Shoes Cat Animal Theme Licensed Charm Bracelet ||	  Misleading. Not a bracelet, just the charm.  I thought based on the description that it was a charm bracelet. Well, I thought wrong. It was just the charm. <end>
 B000G2L28G  Hello Kitty Lil' Devil Cat Animal Theme Licensed Charm Bracelet ||	  Naughty Little Devil  My mother has gotten into the habit of buying me charms for my bracelets and recently came across "Italian charms" which she, at first, didn't realize what kinds of charms they were (that they interlink together instead of on a traditional bracelet). So I got two Hello Kitty's and a regular ipod charm for another bracelet. This Hello Kitty was for my birthday. Well my soubriquet is "Kitty" and this little devil was just perrrfect. It looks as it is shown, well made, and adorable. I'm adding it to a keychain that I purchased so I can always have something that reminds me of mom on it. <end>
 B000G2PZ1G  Sterling Silver Green Jade Bead Bar 17" Chain Necklace ||	  Not as shown!  The Jade green beads were actually more white than green. Please don`t Bother! Silver Insanity offered me free shipping on my next order but I really wanted a full refund. <end>
 B000G36FUU  CLARUS Q-LINK SRT3 PENDANT BY CLARUS-NEW DESIGN ||	  I wear one, but have no idea if it works  I bought a Q-Link to see if it would help with the headaches I get from working in front of a screen all day. It didn't.It might be "amplifying my biofield" in other ways, but how would I know? Of course now I'm worried that if I remove it I will get sick or something, so I keep it on superstitiously. Sigh....A friend of mine put a Q-Link on a dying bonzai plant and it came back to full health, but who knows how much that was from the Q-Link.A curious product indeed. <end>
 B000G3GT88  Freshwater cultured white pearl leaverback earring 6-7mm ||	  Delicate & Beautiful  I purchased these earrings for my bridesmaids to wear in my wedding and as their bridesmaids gifts. They were beautiful, they were delicate and beautiful and made just the right statement for my bridemades. <end>
 B000G6JM84  Pugster Butterfly Heart Stainless Steel Necklaces Pendant For Men ||	  Very nice!  It's pretty. A little heavier than I'd like, but it's sturdy and well made. I have been wearing it more and more. <end>
 B000G71R9A  Swarovski Crystal and Sterling Silver Spiral Earrings ||	  Swarovski Crystal by Curious Desings  These are one of several pairs of earring I have purchased from this seller and I am very satisfied. These looked like fun and even my husband noticed them and liked them. I am glad I found this seller. They have not disappointed me in product or in the time it took to receive them.Lady Darline <end>
 B000G7CUL4  Damali 14k Gold Anklet May Emerald Swarovski Crystal Ankle Braceles - ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this on-line from Europe (where I live) and it arrived at my parents house on time when I was visiting the US. I love it and wear it all the time. In the shower, when swimming. I find it so classy and unique! I also like that it is my birthstone. I called the designers with specific specifications and questions and they were extremely helpful! I highly recommend them! <end>  Bad luck or bad product?  I hate to say it but this was a disappointment. Everything seems nicer in photographs when it comes to jewelry on a budget. <end>
 B000G7P17Y  Crown Set Princess Cut CZ Studs ||	  beautiful earrings  I was looking for a little twist on the standard studs and this was perfect. The earrings are beautiful and are in a unique setting. <end>
 B000G7P4YO  Sterling Silver Starfish Ring ||	  ring  I bought this ring for my daughters graduation. I received the ring faster than expected and it was better than its picture. A very beautiful ring and true to size <end>
 B000G7V02E  Pave CZ Fluttering Butterfly Sterling Silver Necklace ||	  Very nice  This is a very cute little butterfly necklace. Good value for the price. Great service by Eve's Addiction. <end>
 B000G7V5HY  Fleur de Lis Diamond Cubic Zirconia Band ||	  Cool ring  This product was absolutely beautiful! It does wear out fast! In about a year's time, the silver coating wore off & was turning my daughter's finger green. <end>
 B000G7V6CS  Beautiful Victorian Sterling Silver Stackable CZ Band ||	  pretty but unworn  This ring looks just as pretty as its picture. Its thin and very feminine. However it is rather uncomfortable. I think I wore it twice. But Im also a bit sensitive to jewlery. So if your not, you'll probably like this ring. It really does look good. <end>
 B000G7W16S  Katherine's Romantic Ruby CZ Sterling Silver Cocktail Ring ||	  FAKE FAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This ring is as FAKE looking as I've ever seen! The ruby is huge. Why can't the manufactures, when replicated colored cubic zirconia stones make them a more realistic color and size!! I would not recommend this ring to anyone! <end>  Beautiful Ring  I am very pleased with this ring. The "ruby" is just the right size; not too big or too small. The ring has a lot of sparkle to it and it looks elegant. The silver in the ring is substantial and the setting is unique. A very pretty ring! <end>
 B000G82HUW  Hammered Brass Hoop Earrings - 2 inch ||	  Need Anti tarnish Cloth  They are nice only draw back to these earring is they tarnish easily good thing I have a tarnish cleaning cloth. <end>
 B000G9QGVW  Sterling Silver Round Rainbow Moonstone Poison Locket Box Ring Size 7(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Beautiful Fit!  I bought this ring because it features a moonstone and is a "poison" locket, which is what I was looking for... but having very small hands, I expected it to look a bit out-sized.Not the case! This ring looks wonderful even on petite hands. I'm extremely pleased with it and wear it daily. <end>  Moonstone Magic  I Love this ring I get alot of compliments on my moonstone ring and it go's with everything I wear no matter what color of the day I'm wearing. <end>  Pretty nice  The moonstone is a lot clearer and see-through than it is in the picture, otherwise it's a fantastic ring, and I got what I paid for. <end>  Sterling Silver Round Rainbow Moonstone Poison Locket Box Ring  I love this ring. I have wanted a ring like this for a very long time. <end>  Delicate Detail  Just received this ring in in the mail. It is beautiful! It has a gorgeously intricate design on the sides of the ring. The stone is more milky looking down at the ring, but looking at the profile gives it a periwinkle hue. I have purchased several items from Silver Insanity over the last two years. Every transaction has been wonderful. Their merchandise is unique and lovely. <end>
 B000GB3442  Southwestern Good Luck Horse Shoe Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay & Sterling Silver for Men or Women, size 9, #10990 ||	  horse shoe ring  I bought this ring for my fathers' 80th birthday,and he loves it. It is a very nice ring,and it fit him perfectly. <end>
 B000GB8ZG4  Pugster Heart Color Flower Pendant Murano Glass Necklace ||	  Very nice item  I ordered this for a Christmas gift and was very pleased when it arrived. It was individually wrapped and came in a very nice gift box. Another item I ordered arrived broken, and when I sent it back, the replacement arrived within a couple of days. So I feel very confident buying from this company in the future due to their great customer service. The only thing to be aware of is that the necklace is only 16" long. <end>
 B000GBCPJW  5.5 in. Jessica Bracelet featuring Freshwater Pearls and Lavender Swarovski Crystals ||	  Very beautiful !  This is a lovely bracelet for a little girl. It comes packaged in a little pouch and will be a beautiful gift any girl would love. <end>
 B000GBGAGG  6 in. Elizabeth Bracelet featuring Hand-Knotted Freshwater Pearls ||	  Lost in the Post  very happy with the product but paid for quick delivery and took over a week to come <end>
 B000GDCTSW  Morningflower White Opal & Trinity Knot Pendant ||	  Wow  This items exceeded my expectations... It is beautiful and very well crafted. The opal in mine is vibrant and very pretty in or out of direct light. I highly recommend this item, The price and quality combined is amazing. <end>  Love It!  I was concerned about buying an opal online as some do not have much color, but I was pleasantly surprised when I received this pendant the color was beautiful. <end>
 B000GEG05O  Sterling Silver Double Genuine Rainbow Moonstone Drop Hook Earrings ||	  very good quality  These earrings are very beautiful and you can't get a better quality for the price. They hang just perfectly  good length, good weight, and balanced. The stones are beautiful, the silverwork is neat, the design is dainty. I love them. <end>
 B000GEQNX8  Pugster Blue Beauty In Chinese Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Pugster Fabulous - Fast Shipping, too!  I ordered all my attendant and family gifts for our wedding from Pugster - everyone loved the earrings and necklaces, and each piece came with a gift box (easy for the bride, too!). They all wore their pieces to the wedding and it looked fabulous!  ) Thanks, Pugster, though a little late! You're awesome! <end>
 B000GFB9HW  Pirates of the Caribbean Ii  Elizabeth Swann Necklace ||	  Beautiful but not full size  It's a really great replica however, as others have mentioned, It's smaller than the ones in the movie. The chain is very pretty too! When I'm not wearing it, I leave it out because the whole thing is lovely and very movie accurate. <end>
 B000GG05OY  14k Yellow Gold Large (L) Size threaded screw back 5mm Ball Stud Earrings, HypoAllergenic ||	  High quality  Very small, I can even wear one to work. In fact, I leave it in all the time. Great product. If you're a guy looking for a low maintenance, low profile way to keep your ear piercing open, this is definitely what you're looking for. The screw on back is great. <end>
 B000GG1SQ8  Sterling Silver Curb Link Men's Bracelet 7.25" (Width 5mm) ||	  eh...  its alright to look at but mine broke at the clasp when I was just laying down....nothing else to say <end>  very nice gift  This is exactly what I wanted to present a special friend on an upcoming religious ocassion <end>
 B000GG5ZIU  MEDICAL ID BRCLT-HEART Size  ~ ||	  Nice bracelet!  Does say "HEART PATIENT" on the underside. Durable, as I wear mine all the time through work and sleeping with it on. <end>
 B000GGMKYM  Earrings - E87 - Crystal Rice Drop ~ Topaz ||	  julie snyder  I have these & I really like them. Classy, comfortable. Fast shipping, too! <end>
 B000GGTIXI  Citrine and Diamond Heart Shaped MOM Ring ||	  Its a ok item  I bought this item for myself for mother's day and when I got it I was disapointed. The item is very small. But it is pretty in a way. <end>
 B000GGVB4C  Key Chain / Purse Clip - K14 - Beads and Locks - Salmon ||	  Looks even better than photos, great quality  Very happy with this key chain. I was pleasantly surprised that it is quite lovely and well made. It was given as a gift, recipient was thrilled. Recommended. <end>  In love!!!  So much cuter in person, I love my keychain now  D Got delivered with no problem! Deff worth it and the price is not bad at all! <end>
 B000GH6XD0  Pugster Light Blue Heart Silver Foil Murano Glass Bracelet Loose Beads ||	  Very nice product, especially for the price  I was looking all over the internet (and in stores) for a nice quality murano glass heart bead that didn't break the bank. These beads fit the bill nicely, and I was very impressed when I received them. They are very pretty and the photos provided really don't do them justice. The silver foil really works nicely with the light blue color. Also, these aren't cheap like some beads I found in stores. They are nice and heavy and a good size for making jewelry with. I already made a necklace with one of them, and the recipient totally loved it. <end>
 B000GHGL7S  Green Jade Laughing Buddha Disc Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Laughing Budda not funny  Bought this Budda and within a couple of wearings it began to fall out of the bezel. Although there appears to be enough metal to hold it in (from the front) the back is lacking.I am not pleased.... <end>
 B000GHQ1GO  Pugster Baby Pink Round Murano Glass Bracelet Loose Beads ||	  displeased  very unhappy with the quality of this bead & i thought it would fit on my pandora bracelet & it does not....cannot even read what it says on it too small & the white lettering makes it almost impossible to read...i was giving it as a gift & will not even do that. very displeased.....Donna <end>
 B000GHUOQ2  Clear Pink Top Drop Cubic Zirconia Block Belly Ring ||	  change to 1 star! - larger than expected  nice looking, larger than expected. It was missing the ball that screws on to keep the jewelry in place, but a call to body candy's customer service informed them of that, and they will be sending me a replacement ball. ** they did not send a replacement ball. I talked to customer service who said they could just send a replacement steel ball that was missing from the original belly ring I ordered. Instead they sent a bright blue plastic jewish star navel ring! 1. the ball is acrylic and doesn't work for the stainless steel version I bought! 2. the replacement is bright blue, which doesn't even match the pink and clear stainless steel version I bought!! 3. Be honest when consumers call you on the phone with problems. If you could not garuntee I get the missing stainless steel ball, tell me that, and give me options!! don't just send me some reject plastic version that doesn't match or I can't use!!! <end>
 B000GHW3LG  Top Mount Black Odyssey Cubic Zirconia Belly Ring ||	  Expectations not quite met  The actual colors are a little duller and there isn't as much bling to the actural product as there is on the picture. It's still a beautiful belly ring but not quite perfect for me. The shaft is too long and the front part too heavy so it weighs the whole thing down and front and makes the upper part of the shaft show... I like the inverted models because they accentuate the 'accessory' part without accentuating the 'pierced' part but this doesn't do the job quite as well. <end>
 B000GI02A4  Emerg Alert Medical Alert Emergency ID Necklace and Wallet Card - "Bee Sting" ||	  Medic Alert Necklace  For people who can't stand something on their wrist, this is the answer. The tag is solid hard metal and will last. <end>
 B000GI7IEM  Pugster Olive Silver Foil Murano Glass Bracelet Loose Beads ||	  Pugster glass beads  I just got my beads today and although they don't match the beads I currently have, I will be able to use them for another project. I must say that I was surprised when I only received 5 beads and the picture advertised 6. Nevertheless, I like the beads. <end>
 B000GIPJCU  2 cttw Round Diamond 5 Stone w/ Diamond Accents Platinum Anniversary Ring, (1/2 ct Center, H-I Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Well worth the price - very fancy and flashy!  Honestly, I LOVE this ring. I purchased it when Amazon had their 30% off sale and I jumped at the opportunity to buy this. It's very heavy - as platinum should be! And the diamonds are just gorgeous! Although it was very difficult to find someone to resize the ring down, I still saved a lot of money overall. Every jeweler I took it to thought that this ring cost me $4,000, when it only cost me 1/2 the price! All of my friends awed over it and it's big and flashy like an engagement ring should be! Everyone was shocked that it had 15 stones, not 5 and that made them even more impressed. I love the uniqueness of this ring. I don't know where else you could possibly find a ring like this, especially not for the amazing price I purchased it for. And it came with the certificate like promised and it reassured me that I got what Amazon listed. <end>
 B000GITWVO  14k Gold Blue And White Baby Shoe Charm ||	  A charming charm  The baby shoe charm is beautiful, and appears to be of good quality <end>
 B000GIYB10  Sabona Lady Executive Ribbon Magnetic Bracelet ||	  No Braclet in box!  I received the box timely, but the problem was it was empty, I have not found a way to let anyone know that I was ripped off!!! This was for my daughters Christmas and we were both really disappointed...I want a refund!! <end>  bracelet  Love the pink ribbon accent, & have had compliments already. Sears carries this same bracelet for much higher, so am happy to have gotten it here. <end>  Nice Bracelet  I was very happy with this bracelet. Good quality, very comfortable. I would recommend this bracelet not only for the medicinal also for the fashion. I love the pink stones & pink ribbon. <end>
 B000GIYCDW  Women's Sterling Silver Bracelet/Amber Multi Strand ||	  Wonderful  I purchased the bracelet and earrings that go with the wonderful necklace. just like necklace which is light weight and very delicate looking the bracelet is great quality it looks wonderful against dark brown or tanned skin types because of its golden glow. My only quibble is that in the photograph the bracelet looks bigger and with more strands to it where as in actuality it has just two strands and is quite small suitable for small wrists only I think for the price the makers could have used more amber strands. It arrived in this extremely beautiful dark blue faux velvet box which actually has straps to hold both the necklace and matching bracelet in their positions.The earrings come in their own dark blue velvet box which has a an oval lid. Clearly their designed to last and be worn for special occasions however because this is amber you can wear it during the day and it will not look out of place. I love the fact that the amber has been fashioned to resemble leaves and petals. This is a very feminine piece of jewelry suitable for day and evening wear in my opinion worth the money! <end>
 B000GJ2LSY  14kGold Enameled Bee Charm ||	  I think a company's charitable giving matters  I think a company's charitable giving matters. I love that Harris Michael donates 10% of their profits to great charities supporting disaster relief, medical research, the environment and other causes. So I always recommend their pieces to my friends, and I think this piece is exquisite. <end>
 B000GJ67R0  Breast Cancer Awareness Rose Crystal Pin ||	  Breast cancer awareness is so important.  Breast cancer awareness is so important. My husband and I both wear pieces from the Harris Michael collection, and we're proud to support this cause. I don't know of any other jewelry company that donates 10% of all their profits to great causes. <end>
 B000GJ7LKC  14k Two Tone Gold & Citrine Ring ||	  I love that I get free shipping and a beautiful gift box from Harris Michael  I love that I get free shipping and a beautiful gift box from Harris Michael. I have a lot of other HM pieces, but not this one yet. But it's on my wish list <end>
 B000GOX426  Elegant Vintage Style Flower CZ Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Beautiful  This ring is stunning! Looks even better than the picture. My only complaint is a diamond has already fallen out. I've only had it a few months. I always take it off when doing dishes etc. Disappointing because I love it so much. If someone comments on it I always make sure that part of the rings isn't showing. <end>  Stunning!  I got it two days ago and it's absolutely beautiful! It is much prettier than it appears on screen and all my friends love it! If you need a dress ring, the best thing you can do is to buy it! <end>  Love it!  This ring is absolutely beautiful, the pictures don't do it justice. One thing to note, if you are in between sizes, it is best to go a size up since the ring is pretty wide. <end>  Beautiful and sparkly!  This ring is beautiful! It is just what I was looking for, vintage-looking, wide, sparkly. The only thing I don't like about the ring is that the flowers that go all around are raised a lot and uncomfortable. You cannot tell this by the pictures. The raised flowers keep you from being able to close your fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I have had soooo many compliments on this gorgeous ring. Everyone thinks its real, of course. It is a great addition to any costume jewelry collection. Perfect for those of us who like to change our rings according to mood  -) <end>
 B000GPLXXW  White Diamond Heart Pendant in 10kt White Gold ||	  My girlfriend was very very happy with this gift  I was looking around to buy a heart shaped pendant in white gold, and after extensively and carefully reviewing all my choices, I opted to buy this one. I have to say that my now fianc&eacute;e was very pleased and was exactly what she was expecting. She wears it daily on an also white gold chain. I'll try to include a close up of this pendant taken when my girlfriend was wearing it. <end>
 B000GQO4LO  18k Yellow Gold Natural Golden Freshwater Cultured Pearl 10mm Pendant ||	  A perfect proper golden pearl pendant  I have looked all over for the perfect South Seas pearl pendant. Most are unimaginatively or unattractively hung, many with white gold mountings--white gold for a pearl renowned for its rare and golden hue? Most have diamonds--as if the pearl itself were not adequately expensive (it is). I wanted a single golden pearl in an inspired yellow gold pendant. And, after two unsuccessful searches at Amazon (and the web), this beauty was finally posted. It has a large enough bale to accommodate a heavier (and more substantial) chain. It would have been nice if they'd mentioned the *pearl* and not just the gold in the 'about' portion of the listing. It is not the darkest golden pearl available, but just a shade lighter than the gold. A beauty, and just what I was seeking. <end>
 B000GR5KAM  Surgical Steel Flat 5mm Wedding Band Ring Tension Set Red CZ Matte Finish, sizes 7.5 - 13.5 ||	  Great gift  it came quick the thing is that the gemstone is not red its a light orange but still its nice it was a great gift the person loved it <end>  Nice ring for a nice price  As the title says, its a nice ring. I like tension set rings, but I have been looking for some with colored stones. This one was very nicely done and the stone is a beautiful red color. I was pleased with the ring and the fast shipping. JVargas <end>  It's okay.  The ring is nice, but a little lighter than expected. Sadly, the tension-set stop popped out after a week. But shipping was fast and no problems with the seller. Product just not up to par. <end>
 B000GUOXVQ  H2Ocean - Arctic Ocean Mouth Rinse Piercing Aftercare ||	  Does the job  I enjoy the minty flavor of this mouthwash, even though at first it is a little confusing, because it's also salty. I've been using this to clean my lip piercing, and I haven't had abnormally fast healing or anything, but I have been in a few dirty lakes this summer and this stuff has kept me away from infection.Oh and if you want this stuff to last you longer than a week, just unscrew the cap and soak the end of a Q-tip in the bottle and press the Q-tip around your piercing for a little bit, definitely beats buying like 4 bottles of this stuff to last you the whole healing time. <end>
 B000GUUZCW  Damali 14k Gold Diamond Anklet ||	  Perfect  My girlfriend wanted a cheep anklet that she could use any time, that was stylish and she didn't have to worry about it breaking. This got the job done perfectly, couldn't ask for anything better for this price <end>  anklet  I disagree with the negative comment. For $65 dollars, you know you aren't getting real jewels. I find the anklet to be beautiful and it sparkles in the light. I would order the 9.50 as there is an inch extender. With my tan, it simply glows! <end>  Recommended  I recommend this anklet. It is very pretty and comfortable to wear. I cannot wait for summer so I can show it off more. <end>  HEALTH AND BEAUTY  MY WIFE LOVES IT BOTH FOR ITS CHARMS AND ITS SHINY METAL PIECES. I RECOMMEND AS A NEAT VALENTINE GIFT. <end>  fake  there is nothing real about this anklet. i bought it under the understanding it was real 14k gold i knew the diamonds would not be i did expect it to look so cheaply made looks like something you could get at walmart for a few bucks i am very disapointed i tired to email the seller and never heard back <end>
 B000GV06LG  3 Stone Cubic Zirconia Wedding Set, 8 ||	  Nice Wedding Ring Set  I thought it was a little too gawdy. The center stone was too big. Will wear it every now and then for a nice occasion, but not for everyday use. Got it really quick too. <end>  Loved the ring!  The ring is beautiful, I bought it to use a "traveler" for my fiancee. Definitely order from these folks as far out as possible, they are sloooooooooow and no one their seems ot know what's going with an order. <end>  Just Right  This ring's center stone is not too big, not too small. It's sized just right to catch eyes without being gawdy in the least. This ring has an antique look about it, and if you like that, and are a lover of silver,this ring is just right. I love the character of the band, with the tiny little stones artistically set around it.I have a real diamond wedding set, but I wear this one, because I honestly like it better! <end>
 B000GVSABO  Boho Hippie White Howlite Chunky Beaded Stone Adjustable 18" Necklace ||	  Disappointing  I received the necklace with some of the stones on the necklace including the main stone (pendant) cracked. The silver tone spacer beads are also cheap looking. I am extremely disappointed. <end>  second look  HIWhen I received this my first thought was to send it back because the pendent did not lay correctly and the stones were crunched up. Then I looked again and relized the stones where strung on wire so I fixed the pendent then I draped the necklace over the top of a glass lamp and let it hang over night. The next day I tried it on and it hung as it was meant to. Now I am very happy with the necklace and give it 4 stars. <end>  "Chunky" with adjustable extender.  The coloration is more gray and white, than black and white. Looks good for styling with solid colors, especially red, black, white, gray, yellow/mustard tones. <end>
 B000GWSKTU  Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 4mm Omega Chain Necklace ||	  Omega Chain a winner  this chain was received in a resonable amount of time and was exactly as described. I am extreamly happy with it. I would reommend it to anyone. <end>  I love my SS necklace!  I am very pleased with the quality and price of my SS omega necklace. It is beautiful!! <end>  Quality jewlery  Love the necklace for its price and beauty. I wear it by itslef or with a silver pendant. <end>  Pretty, but...  The necklace is very pretty, but oddly, the necklace curls upwards, so is a little annoying. <end>  All Purpost Necklace  The quality and workmanship is every bit what I expected from Italian Silver. The clasp is easy to work and a size that allows the omega to be worn alone or as a chain for pendants. This necklace is truly all purpose. It lays flat against the skin when worn alone and still lays flat when different pendants are added.OME4M-20 Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 4mm Omega Chain 20" Necklace <end>
 B000GX1WPI  Dangling Pastels Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  GORGEOUS!  I just received these earrings yesterday, and they're absolutely beautiful! The stones are a little larger than pictured, but other than that, what you see is what you get. They're not too heavy on the ear, and the length is perfect. They dangle just above the shoulders. The silver is very bright, as well. I've purchased other jewelry from eve's addiction, and have never been disappointed. Highly recommended! <end>
 B000GX7OSM  14K Hearts Station Bracelet - 7.25" - LIMITED QUANTITY LEFT! ||	  Bracelet  I am very happy with my purchase, but more importantly, my girlfriend was DELIGHTED with my purchase. <end>
 B000GX7PI6  Sterling Silver "New Mom" Bracelet - 7" ||	  would not purchase if I had seen it in person  Not a bad piece, but not exactly what I was expecting. Bracelet is very lightweight and charms have somewhat sharp edges. If I had seen it in a retail store, I would not have purchased it. <end>
 B000GXCYHI  Sterling Silver Rolo Link 'Key to My Heart Charm Bracelet - 7.5" ||	  I never want to take it off  I absoutley love this bracelet! it's the perfect every day size. I wear a 7 1/2 length and it's true to size. Don't hesitate if you want a light to medium weight charm bracelet. <end>
 B000GXST6I  Mens Unispace Striped Brushed Satin Titanium Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  Men's wedding band  My husband loves his ring. I bought it as a surprise since we were just having a small wedding last year and are doing the big one next year. We were just going to use the claddagh ring I had bought him, but when I gave this one to him, he was thrilled. It's perfect if you aren't looking for something too fancy and shiny. It's very simple and just right if your guy is not into anything fancy. <end>  Wedding Band  It is wonderful. I am sure that my husband will love it. <end>
 B000GYAXES  Pugster Breast Cancer Awareness Brooches And Pins ||	  Nice Pin  This was just as I thought it would be. I had tried to find a pin like this everywhere aroung town to no avail. My niece has breast cancer so I wanted to give this to her mother-in-law to wear. She was very happy to get it.Thanks,Linda <end>
 B000GYAXFW  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Belly Navel Ring Crocodile Summer Fashion Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  Nice, especially at price  I bought this without reading the specifics. I was surprised when this big alligator with sparkles on the back arrived. It's bigger and fancier than I thought, but it's a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000GYH4FO  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Red White Crystal Body Jewelry Rhinestone Dangle Belly Navel Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  I am so please with Pugster! My order came fast and the brooches I ordered are stunning! I got the cross, a flower spray and a dragonfly and they are not only beautiful but very well made. I got mine to doll up a plain cloth purse and WOW! So worth the money and would make wonderful gifts. I would give 10 stars if I could. <end>
 B000GZ7CN2  Baby Phat Cuff Ring ||	  cute ring.  what i like about this ring is you can stretch it to make it biggeror smaller. <end>
 B000H0K3KK  Italian Diamond Cut Rhodium Overlay Sterling Silver Rope Chain ||	  My husband loved it  It looked exactly like the picture. Others have said it looked too shiny, but I don't think so. It's a regular silver necklace. I was looking for something for my husband that wasn't too bulky (why do people think men's necklaces can't be delicate-looking?) and this was exactly what I was imagining. And he loved it. The length is good too--it falls about an inch below the hollow of the neck.Update (Aug 2011)  My husband has been wearing this necklace every day for the last 3 years and it still looks good. It's held up well to the daily wear and tear. <end>  DAHLIA JEWELS DELIVER  This necklace was the best looking one I had ever seen and the remarkable price was even better.A beautiful necklace and a very plesant transaction on top of that. DAHLIA JEWELS was professional, efficient and had my necklace at my door in a vey timely manner. In other words I was a PLEASED customer As a matter of fact after I finish this review I am ordering another necklace for my son.I have hung a cross on this chain and it loks GREAT....Give DAHLIA JEWELS a call and I promise you they will deliver. <end>  Beautiful necklace!  This is a gorgeous necklace! I bought it for my husband and he loves it. The necklace is a perfect size and fit. This shiny, sterling silver necklace is a great buy!! We are very pleased! <end>  I love it!!!!!!  My husband loves it!! the price is awsome! now i want to buy one for myself. the shipping was super fast. my Husband wares this chain everyday sents i got it for him. i will be buying more from this seller again. <end>  great necklace!!!  I got my necklace fast, it had a great price, and is very good quality. I reccomend this to everyone that is looking for a good necklace. <end>  small and tarnished  I've had this product for less than a year, it is not the best quality and has tarnished. The chain is microscopic and not worth $35. I would not recommend it. <end>  carefree sterling silver mens italian diamond cut rope chain 20"  My husband received this necklace for Valentines Day and absolutely loves it. I do too. Now I am going to try and find a charm (an eagle preferrably) for the necklace. We were very pleased with necklace and would order from this company again as they have very good products on website that are reasonably priced.Nancy Sloan <end>  Best purchase so far!  My husband loves this chain and so do I. It looks very expensive and would cost you a few hundred dollars maxium at your local jewelry store. <end>  Too pretty to give away  I bought this as a gift and when it arrived I loved it too much to give it away. <end>  Beautiful and Well Made  I was looking for a necklace to fit a pendant that came with a ridiculously short chain (like who has a 15 inch neck!). This one was perfect. It looks great with the pendant (which was purchased elsewhere) and it is beautiful and well made. It looks great on its own too but I'll keep my eyes open for other fun things to wear it with. <end>  Wow!  This chain is beautiful and looks great with the cross pendant I bought the chain for. Great quality for a small price. <end>  great deal  This is a great deal for the price. I plan on buying more for xmas gifts. <end>  Exactly Right  This chain is great and the detail is wonderful. I'm very happy with this product! <end>  Just what I need!  Very nice necklace received, exactly as described and pictured. It's strong but not chunky and suits me well. I am very pleased. <end>  Ehh  Seems like the quality's fine, but I didn't realize it was only going to be like a millimeter thick. The picture makes it look thicker. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  The necklace is shiny and beautiful, length is perfect although clasp is a little small to handle. Very satisfied with purchase. <end>  Italian Diamond Cut Rhodium Overlay Rope Chain  Italian Diamond Cut Rhodium Overlay Sterling Silver Rope Chain (22")I bought this necklace for my boyfriend so he can put a silver cross pendant on it. The necklace makes the pendant stand out its so beautiful. The diamond cut makes it look real expensive and brings out the cross..good deal!!!!I think a man or a woman could wear this necklace its so nice. He says it has a nice feel and a nice fit right at the 22" mark for wearing it with a pendant. I will be buying another soon..Dahlia Jewelery is great!!! <end>  Good quality  CAREFREE Sterling Silver Solid Men's Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain (22")is a good quality silver necklace. I like the design and the package it came in with. The customer service is great, in deed, I will do business with Dahlia again. <end>  Not Bad  Not a bad experience for first time business buying a CAREFREE Sterling Silver Solid Men's Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain (22"). Prompt service and item was as advertised. Will do business with Dahlia and amazon again. Many thanks. <end>  Lame and cheap  I ordered this "rope chain" as a gift and what I got was more like a "string" chain. It feels like a cheap dime store trinket and it was so embarrasingly small that I went to a jewelry store and bought something that was much better for a slightly higher price. I wouldn't recommend this item at all unless you want to order it for someone you don't like. <end>  Perfect  I wear a medallion around my neck for a Safety Alert System. I decided to add some decals to it - just to change the look of the thing. But then I wanted a chain. This is perfect. The medallion actually has &#34;class&#34; now and many seniors have asked me where I found such an attractive one! <end>  Sparkly, Sturdy, and Beautiful!  This chain sparkles in the light, just as a great diamond cut should. It also is a nice thickness and feels sturdy. As someone who routinely breaks necklaces, this is a definite plus! I wear the chain 24/7 and have worn it for approximately one week now (yes, I have actually broken chains in this timeframe)and lo and behold  it's still together and, not only that, but it hasn't lost its beautiful shine. <end>  Nice, but a little thinner then I expected  The necklace didn't look as thin in the picture, but my bf liked it so that's all that mattered! The cut was nice, and it made his old pendent look dull Because it was so shiny <end>  Great Bling but not so great strength  I purchased this chain for my adult son. He loves it. It looks expensive and stylish. The price was right and the delivery was fast. Unfortunately, the chain broke near the clasp and will have to be repaired. Of course, we cannot say whether the chain broke too easily for some manufacturing reason or for some customer misstep, but the result is disappointing either way. I would still recommend this chain and buy another one. <end>  Error on my part with respect to size  This item was smaller than expected and the error was on my part. The seller was nice enough to email me and show me a larger chain that would best suit me. I gave this smaller one to a female friend of mine =)Thank you Dahlia for your quick response <end>  Perfect for pendants.  Got 2 of these to wear and love them, really shiny and nice. Good hooks and work just as I wanted them to. <end>  Nice,ButToShinyToSmall  i knew it was going to be small,but this is kinda crazy how small it is,And its crazy shiny too,You really can see it across the room,that doesnt mean its a bad thing,i wish it was twice the thikness and a size 26inch,im still going to keep my chain and wear it,Because it is still a nice chain,it was worth the money i paid,but if i paid a cent more then i did,I Would be one Mad Dude! <end>  Men's Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain  Great seller! This chain was exactly what I was looking for. I gave it as a gift & it looks great! Great quality! <end>  thin  the chain was real nice but a little to thin for the price it looked bigger in the add but i still like it seems to be very strong and great clip <end>  wa4golf  I really like this chain. Had it for just over a month and like the quality and look. Very happy with it. <end>  Cheap!  It broke after wearing it for one day.It Was thinner than I thought it would be .I will be seeking a refund <end>  Nice Chain, Poor Quality  I recieved this chain on Wednesday, by Monday it was broken. It is a nice looking chain, but I was worried about the quality as soon as I took it out of the pouch it came in. Sending it back and looking for something different. <end>  Can't say why this is a chain for "men"  I just wanted something strong to keep my 16GB "Corsair Survivor" USB around my neck.I decided to get this and I will use it because of the two chains I got here on Amazon this one seems to be less obvious and also seems to be very strong for its size. (I uploaded an image so that you could get an idea of its actual size)I dropped 1 star because it does pretty expensive. Looks more like a $20 - $25 chain.PS  Here is a link to the other more "manly" chain I decided to get (also uploaded images of it)... but it looks more like a "teenager" chain Men's Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 22" <end>  24 Inch Chain  I bought the 24 inch chain for my husband because it was the least-expensive, non-thug, male appropriate chain that would hold a pendant and not look cheap. Also, the materials aren't magnetic, which is important because my husband has to wear a magnetic name tag at work and his chains tend to kink up because of it. My husband didn't like the chain at first, probably because it is very shiny and the link style is fancier than he's used to, but he was content when he held his name tag up to the chain and it didn't attract. I personally think it's a very nice gender-neutral chain. My only qualm is it was a little short of 24 inches. It was about 23.75 inches including the clasps. It's not a horrible discrepancy but I was disappointed and feared it would be too short--my husband likes his pendant to sit at his chest. <end>  Very, very, nice!!!!  Wow! First of all this package came within 3 days. Very impressive. This is probably the most attractive silver chain I've seen. Maybe it's because of the Platinum coat. I was a little concerned that it would be too thin based on someone's prior review, but the size is quite fine. In fact it's perfect for me because I don't like chunky chains. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a different look from the "regular" sterling silver chain. Very nice and it has a rich look! <end>  Great Chain  Was very satisfied with the look,quality of chain and speed of shipping.Good company to do business with. <end>  Beautiful!  Really beautiful, great quality product, excellent customer service and beautiful presentation - even through the mail! And the price was AWESOME! I got this chain as an impromptu gift but the service and quality has made me decide to go back and take another look at whatDahlia has to offer for me and my daughter! Very highly recommended. <end>  Not what I thought it would be  This chain is much smaller than I thought it would be. It was too small and feminine for a man. Also, the clasp is very hard to open. I was dissappointed in this chain. <end>  smaller than expected  good service, but disappointed in size of product. smaller than what I thought chain would be from measurement and picture. <end>  Great chain  I love this necklace. It isn't quite 22 &#34; but the quality is great especially for the price. Would recommend <end>  Sent wrong item and then raised price if I wanted to re-order  I ordered this chain and when I received the package it was a cheap looking link chain. Took forever to get the matter taken care of and when I returned it and went to re-order the item it was at a higher price. <end>  Empty Pouch  I have been shopping on amazon for about 3 years and i was shocked when i opened the box.. The pouch was inside a plastic bag and as soon as i picked it i felt wierd... I was wondering why am i not feeling the chain, in complete disbelief i open the plastic bag and pull the pouch out... It was EMPTY.. I am in total shock this happened, since i was really looking forward to this chain... I called amazon right away and since it was fulfilled by them, i was issued a refund which is a good thing.. However i cannot wrap my head around the fact that someone acttually sent me a empty F***ing pouch.. <end>  long enough  I purchased this after getting a Pewter Thor's Hammer Mjolnir Viking Norse Pendant on Leather Necklace. Unlike this fine product the feeble leather they sent it with was not strong enough to support the hammer of the gods. This necklace is also long enough to reach around my rather fat neck. <end>  Poor Quality  Purchased this chain for my 16 year old son. It broke with-in the month. It cost me almost $20 to repair. Pay the extra for a box chain. <end>  Necklace  Very nice product my wife loves it, very nice quality. It also looks very good on my wife when wearing it. <end>  Great chain  Great chain of high-quality silver. A little thinner than I expected. I think a good gift for relatives or friends, but leave yourself. <end>  Rope chain  I had a heavy cross that needed a thick rope chain to hold it. I found exactly what I wanted and delivery was quick. <end>  Comfortable and handsome!  I purchased this item for my fiance to put his ring on when he wants to take it off (swimming in the ocean came to mind since we were going to the beach). Since the wedding band is pretty important, I needed something that would not come apart or slip off, but it also really needed to be comfortable and durable. The clasp seems really sturdy, and the length is just right. My husband likes that his chest hair does NOT get stuck in the chain! If you have a guy who has ever had his chest hair stuck in a chain you know that this is a huge selling point for this style. My husband has had several compliments on it, one of my friends admired it when we were in the pool and asked him where he got it after hearing how comfortable it was. <end>  Good, sturdy chain  Nice clasp, not too thick to fit charms etc over. Worked perfectly and looks like it will last. I would recommend. <end>  Warning!!  I received a empty package with just a blue pouch! What kind of business is this!! They still haven't returned my emails to resolve the problem!! <end>  Pretty chain, but delicate looking and the clasp is awful  This chain is pretty, but the clasp makes it not worth the money or effort. My fingers do not have the nimbleness needed to use this rather tiny clasp. Forget about purchasing the product, it's not worth the problems associated with the clasp. <end>  Incredible  Beautiful chain! I ordered this for my son to go with a cross pendant I had bought. It is a steal for the price. It is thin, but strong. Just be aware that it is a bit sparkly. My son doesn't mind so its fine. May not be ideal for a man that does not like that sort of thing, but absolutely perfect for any lady. <end>
 B000H0VLYW  14k Tri-Color Gold Surfing Dolphin Charm ||	  Superb Stylish Design  This is an awesome pendant. A must-have for Dolphin lovers. The tricolor gold in this pendant is simply splendid! <end>
 B000H1UI54  Tressa Italian Sterling Silver Religious Themed Link Anklet, Heart ||	  Amazon star A  I have bought a lot of things from Amazon and I have alway been very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B000H1UJ0I  Sterling Silver Channel Set Round CZ Earrings ||	  Excellent Xmas Present  I ordered these very pretty earrings for my roommate as her xmas present and she absolutly loved them. When I recieved them in the mail, they were smaller than I had expected but they were very pretty. The cubic zerconia's go all the way around the earring and they must be very comfortable because I dont see a day go by that my roommate doesnt wear them! <end>
 B000H1WEQA  Italian Sterling Silver Circle Link Bracelet ||	  made for skinny wrists  if your wrist isn't extremely skinny, do not expect this bracelet to hang loosely on your wrist. it is a pretty bracelet, but, doesn't hang as loosely as i would have liked, it needs one more circle link, to really hang in a pretty, loose way... <end>
 B000H1WFP0  Sterling Silver 4mm Princess Cut CZ Basket Set Stud Earrings ||	  CZ stone fell out after 1 week  Cute and cheap - you get what you pay for but only for a week. Because that's how long it takes before the stone falls out of the stud. You probably won't notice at first that you're walking around wearing 1 earring that looks like you found it in a dumpster. Not impressed, but I've accepted it and moved on. Clearly. <end>
 B000H1Y9UE  Sterling Silver Cluster CZ Necklace with 18 inch Link Chain ||	  very nice colour game- a very refreshing necklace to have  I love this necklace. it is so much different than all the ones I have, and see in the market. refreshing positive colours and nice shape. thanks a lot <end>
 B000H1YBNO  Sterling Silver Past Present and Future Polished Earring and Necklace Set ||	  Set does not come with chain.  I ordered six of these sets for a wedding I'm in next month. The are very pretty, but the sets did not come with matching chains. I was surprised because the set is entitled "Earring and Necklace Set," not "Earring and Pendant Set." The picture shows the pendant on a silver chain, and the product description does not mention that a chain is not included.Looking back, I should have inquired to see if a chain was included. I recommend other buyers do the same if ordering similar sets. <end>
 B000H252S6  Aquamarine Cubic Zirconia Heart Frenzy Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Weak  Have not even had this product for two weeks and it was put together so weak it has fallen off her and gotten lost. Would not purchase their jewelry again. <end>
 B000H25FFQ  Ladies' 14K White Gold Dangling Diamond Drop Earrings - New ||	  Diamond's ear rings  All the expectations were covered with the product.Quality of diamonds as expected.The only suggestion that I would like to make is that on the purchasing catalog there should be any reference of real size <end>
 B000H44R4Y  Sterling Silver Snowman Brooch ||	  Makes A Nice Classy Christmas Gift!  Very nice and very stylish. Worth the price. <end>  Sterling Silver Snowman Brooch  Gift for Aunt. My grandma just passed away and she liked snowman. So gave it to my aunt for chritmas. So she could care on her mothers memory. She cried when I gave it to her. But Loved it. <end>  Will make a nice gift.  I bought this cute pin when it was 60% off, so I got a great deal. It will be a Christmas gift for my sister-in-law who collects snowmen. I don't know if it is worth $50.00, but it was definately worth $20.00! <end>  Snowman  I just received this brooch and just love it! The picture does not do it justice! Much much prettier in person. It has a look of pewter. <end>
 B000H48ECU  Sterling Silver Double Link Charm Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Beautiful bracelet  This bracelet is obviously high quality. I would recommend it to anyone in the market for a sterling silver charm bracelet. <end>  Great bracelet  I bought this bracelet for my girlfriend for Christmas. She loves it. This is a great gift bracelet for a man to give to his significant other, especially for those of us on a budget ! For $35, this bracelet can't be beat. <end>  Excellent bracelet for charms  This is a nice bracelet, but will not hold more than three or four charms according to a jeweler where my daughter had her put on. <end>  delicate, feminine looking  I received this bracelet today and am very pleased. It is sturdy enough while also being very soft and feminine looking. I agree with a previous reviewer that it probably will not hold more than a few regular size charms so I'm thinking of buying a selection of miniature seashell charms to complete the bracelet. The bracelet's links are tiny(4mm or just slightly more than 1/8th inch across) which is smaller than I originally assumed from the photo.For those wanting to add a collection of charms I would caution that the design is sturdy, but not super heavy-duty. It's a great weight for a light, summer look! <end>  Beautiful Bracelet!  This is a beautiful sterling silver bracelet. It fits my wrist perfectly, but would probably be too big on my daughter-in-law who is rather thin. This is a nice quality item and not a cheap Wally World knockoff. I'm looking forward to putting some charms and maybe some beads on it and expressing my own style! <end>  Nice charm bracelet  This is a very nice charm bracelet. It looks elegant and fits perfectly. Highly recommended! <end>
 B000H48EDE  Sterling Silver Poinsettia Brooch ||	  Very Pretty Brooch  I am quite fond of this pin. It is not as busy as most holiday pins, which is nice because it goes with every outfit and can be worn on any sweater or coat and I'm wearing mine everyday with everything! I believe it is prettier in person than the photo.Also, it is quality silver and a nice weight to it without being so heavy that it leans down. No fears of having this one bent by a seat belt because it is well-made with a good amount of metal.It is also a nice size, not too big, not too small and the design is classic. In person, it just looks like a pretty brooch from afar, upon closer inspection you realize it is a poinsettia. All holiday pins should have such understated elegance. <end>
 B000H4FAD6  Silver Beaded Bracelet - Swarovski Crystals and Black Pearls ||	  Excellent  Excellent quality on this item. I was impressed with it and so was my wife whom I purchased it for. I am not a jewelry expert but it seems well made and definitely has a nice "shine" to it.The only other comment I have is that there were no earrings included with my purchase. Looking back at the item I am not sure if the earrings were added to the pictures after my purchase was made or if the picture is a mistake as they are not included in the description either. <end>
 B000H4GQZ2  14kt Polished Toe Ring - C2098 ||	  Misrepresented.  First of all. A disclaimer. I wouldn't complain at all, except for the high price of gold and gold jewelry. This piece is labelled on amazon as weighing 0.7 grams, or it did when I purchased the item. I have pictures showing the bag the toe ring came in with the ring in it, and the screen of amazon showing the 0.7 weight. The bag clearly says 0.6gms on it. Digital scales seem to agree. I contacted the seller about the issue, and they refuse to respond.Otherwise, the toe ring is nice, it's just not the weight stated. Any time you're buying jewelry (gold OR diamonds) weight and purity are very important. And so is correctly representing your products. <end>
 B000H4Z7AM  CUBIC ZIRCONIA RINGS WITH ROUND CUBIC ZIRCONIA CENTER STONE, 6 ||	  very poorly made  The ring looked beautiful in the photo. When I received it I was happy with it. I put it on, went out, and when I came back the zirconia from the ring was missing. I was frustrated and angry. I threw the ring away along, of course, with the money I paid for it! <end>
 B000H52DOE  Gorgeous! Women's 14k White-gold Moissanite And Diamond Ring ||	  "Beautiful Ring"  This ring is beautiful!!! It has more fire and sparkle than most diamonds. Shipping was fast. I received it much quicker then I expected. It also, came with a very pretty jewelry box. I will use this seller again. <end>
 B000H57MQS  Pugster Vintage Antique Silver Tone Floral Sunflower Purple Velvet Light Amethyst Beauty Cameo Lady Maiden Profile Amethyst Purple Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooches Pins ||	  Froggy Thank You  Received the frog pin and I LOVE IT. I've worn it a few times and have received numerous compliments on each occasion. Thanks for the listing! <end>
 B000H5B3K4  Pugster Murano Glass Skinny Green Leaf Christmas Necklace Pendant ||	  Art gallery quality  My daughter bought this for my birthday and EVERYONE comments on this pendant. It is especially striking on a wide silver chain. The only other item I own that gets this many compliments is a $350.00 German made handbag. You can't go wrong for $19.99!!! <end>
 B000H5B3UY  Pugster 22k Golden Plated Corolla Flower With Emerald Green Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Corsage Brooches & Pins ||	  Pearl French Poodle Pin  I gave this pin to my Sister for Christmas. She ia a poodle lover. She loved the Pearl Poodle Pin and thanked me for it on more than one occasion. She considers it one of her finer pins. <end>
 B000H5IDZ2  One Stainless Steel Continuous Ring  20g, 7/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Get 18g instead  I ordered this item as well as Single Stainless Steel Continuous Ring  18g, 7/16". The 20g item was for a cartilage piercing and the 18g for my ear. Because the 20g item is so thin it is very difficult to bend the 2 ends back to the original position. The 20g item took a pair of pliers and about 10 minutes of work while the 18g item just took my fingers and was in in less than a min.Also, the picture is a little deceptive. There is a tiny gap between the two ends. The gap is not that big and the jewelery will not fall out. I had lost a bead in one of my earnings was looking for something without a bead. I think that the 18g item will work out nicely and I may order more. <end>
 B000H5LG1K  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality 18 Inch Round 6-6.5mm White Akoya SaltWater Cultured Pearl Necklace & Earrings Set ||	  Good pearls, good price  These were good pearls for the price. The only reason it got 4 stars is that clasp is good, but not great. It could have been bigger with more gold. But the pearls were very white with lustre. <end>
 B000H5M9SO  14 KT Yellow Gold Comfort Fit 2mm Wide Wedding / Engagement Band Plain Ring ||	  great fitting item  I was looking for a comfortable ring to wear and not take off. This is it. It is rounded to where it does not dig in the skin. I highly recommend it. <end>
 B000H6ZH6E  18K Gold & Silver Designer Amethyst Ring ||	  Mega Bold  A weighty well made bold ring. It sets up about 11mm off the finger, and is 13x26mm overall. You can't overlook this ring. The amethyst is a nice medium color with good life. The galley and underside is completely finished with filagree type work. the shank is 3mm so it stays balanced, which is good as it is quite heavy. It fits the curve of your finger so is very comfortable. The MQ stone is set on a diagonal which gives a unique flair. Overall a lot of ring for a little money. Make sure you like them bold tho! <end>
 B000H7H4IW  Medium Thin Sterling Silver Italian ID Bracelet Figaro Link 3/16 inch wide NICKEL FREE, sizes 7 - 8 inch ||	  It is perfect  I received it right on time, it was perfect. I got it engraved and it is holding up beautifully even though it is worn every day <end>
 B000H7KLB4  Willow Pearls Black Freshwater Feather Pearl Necklace ||	  Black natural pearl necklace  Love the necklace - received as a birthday gift from my husband. I get many compliments. My only complaint is that the clasp broke and will need to be repaired. <end>
 B000H84WMM  Sterling Silver Stretch Bangle, 4 Section Dotted Texture ||	  Goes with everything!  If you've never purchased a stretch bangle, do. It is so comfortable. For larger wrists, the stretch lets you get it on. For smaller wrists, the bangle doesn't hang down ready to fall off all day (or night). This one is really pretty. <end>
 B000H86JQY  Sterling Silver Stretch Bangle, 4 Section Double Beads ||	  The best Silver Bangles  I have purchased over 100 of these bracelets for friends and employees. From 17 years old to 82 years young, everyone loves them. They are easy to put on and take off, does not matter what size your wrist is. They are are reasonably durable, you just can't rip them off your wrist and expect them to stay together. I wear 6 or 7 of them all the time. I have the double and triple beads. They also come in single beads. They always look nice, never tarnish. Shipping is quick! <end>
 B000H8WLGQ  Italian Sterling Silver Jingle Ball and Twisted Style Anklet Set ||	  Double your value  This product is actually two separate anklets. They can be worn separately or together. I got this for my teenage sister and she will love it! <end>
 B000H99RH6  Art glass choker, 'Sunny Meadows' 1" W 2" L ||	  Beautiful Choker  Was exactly what I expected. I receive many compliments on it when I wear it. <end>
 B000H9KYDM  Beautiful! Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Mothers/Family Rings 1-7 Stones ||	  Black Hills Gold Mother's Ring with 7 Gemstones  This ring is truly a treasure. The seller, Rich Peel Enterprises worked with me to fit 7 gemstones onto it. The gemstones are bright and clear and the pink and green gold leaves on the ring are a great contrast to the yellow gold of the ring band. It is in perfect proportion to your finger - not big and gaudy, but certainly large enough for everyone to see all the beautiful detail. It was designed and shipped instantly. I couldn't believe how fast it arrived. If you're thinking about something to always remind you of your kids, this is the ring. And you can fit anywhere from 2 to 7 gemstones. Whenever I wear it, everybody I bump into admires it! <end>  It is beautiful  It is a beautifful ring and fits perfect. I needed the seven stones and they did it great. i was even able to get it earlier than expected and that was great. Had always wanted a mothers ring, so this is my mothers,grandmothers, and anntiversery ring all in one. it is beautiful. would definitely order from this company again. thank you <end>
 B000HAB61K  Justin Laser Name Italian Charm Link ||	  Justin Charm  The size of the lettering is nice. You can see what it actually says from a nice distance. The laser color is nice and dark. <end>
 B000HAPH38  14k White Gold 1/3 Carat Round Cut Cathedral Solitaire Diamond Ring (G-H ; SI1-2) ||	  nice product, but terrible custumer service from the netaya group  This was my worst experience I will never purchase anything from the Netaya jewelry.I had place an order with them almost two months ago and they never place my order and I called back three times, it got to the point where I spoke to one of the managers and she was the worst rude, no customer service experience and she said that they had finally place my order and ask me if I wanted or not. I don't recommend this jewelry store to anyone. <end>
 B000HATD4C  Sterling Silver Hummingbird Pendant, Synthetic Opal Inlay & CZ stones, 1 inch (24 mm) Tall ||	  She loved it!  I bought my wife several hummingbird pendants for Christmas and she loved them all! She'll be going to Fla for a month or so and will be taking them along. Meanwhile, I'll be stuck up here in the UP, but I can live with that. <end>
 B000HAUS0K  Sterling Silver Italian 2mm Tube Hoop Earrings, 2 inch (50 mm) ||	  Not thrilled  This is not heavy enough for silver. I will never purchase anything else from this vendor. Very disapointed!! <end>  Flimsy  I think these are ok, but they were very flimsy, thin and light. I rarely wear these, it is not for daily wear because everytime i touch them i feel like they are going to break. The size was great though. <end>
 B000HAVCD2  Sterling Silver Ribbon Post Earrings Synthetic Opal Inlay with Amethyst CZ Center 5/8 inch Long ||	  One of my favorite pair.  These are just great. Very pretty, I especially love the opal and silver. I wear them to work and one got caught in my collar and fell off. I retraced my steps and found it had been run over by a pallet jack! The stones were fine, and the post was intact although bent. Easy enough to straighten.You'll get compliments wearing these! <end>
 B000HAXRX0  Sterling Silver Italian 2mm Tube Hoop Earrings, 1 1/4 inch (30 mm) ||	  Nice company, bad product  I just got these in the mail the other day, and they looked stunning, so I was excited to try them out. There were two BIG problems though  one, the piece that goes through the earlobe is so big that it's painful, and two, the space between the front and back of the clasp (the part that encases the earlobe) is so small that they were too painful to keep in. Unless you have big holes and very thin earlobes, I'd look elsewhere for earrings like these. <end>  Great company to deal with  I previously ordered a necklace that was too big, I contacted Sabrina silver & they worked with me on an exchange, got my necklace & earrings sent to me quickly & credited the remainder amount. Excellent earrings & Excellent company to deal with. <end>  Tight  The part that you put through your earlobe was too tight so by the end of day my earlobe was sore. <end>  I Hope They Last  I purchased several pieces from Sabrina Silver and am disappointed in only two -- this being one of them. I love the size, but I'm afraid they will break easily. I had to tighten the clasp, by pushing it together, in order for the earring to remain closed. That made me uneasy. I wore them once (a full day) so far, without any problem, but I sense frequent wearing will result in breakage. I'm disappointed because finding a solid pair of silver hoops is high on my list.Otherwise, the company is great. I haven't had to deal with them directly, but shipment and delivery were very speedy. <end>
 B000HAXRYE  Sterling Silver Italian 4mm Tube Hoop Earrings, 1 3/4 inch (43 mm) ||	  Perfect hoops  Of course this a matter of personal taste, but these are the perfect size for me. Good product and good service. <end>
 B000HAYC2U  Sterling Silver Synthetic Opal Inlay Ring, 3/16 inch Wide ||	  Perfect!  More beautiful in person then in pictures. The size runs accurate. The silver shines. The stones are stunning. Great price. 100% happier then expected!!! <end>
 B000HB1E2U  Nikki Laser Name Italian Charm Link ||	  clearly charmng charms  I have ordered from this company and I am always pleased with the quality and the speed that the orders arrive. <end>
 B000HBGZ7E  Sterling Silver Filigree Butterfly Ring, 11/16 inch wide sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Quite satisfied  I was very satisfied with this ring. It is beutifully made. It has become one of my favorite rings. <end>
 B000HBIS38  Sterling Silver Triple Torn Skull Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  skullring  didn't think it was this petite definitely not for a man gave it to my daughter. <end>
 B000HBIT9G  Sterling Silver Freeform Design Spinner Ring ||	  Great ring when the right one was shipped  The ring is great - good quality and as pictured. Originally we were shipped the wrong ring (it was one digit off in the product number) but they quickly replaced it with the one we ordered. I would order from them again. <end>
 B000HBMNYI  Sterling Silver Wave Spinner Ring ||	  Spin Spin  The ring I received wasn't as symmetrical or thick as the one shown on the site. The inner waves are somewhat misaligned where the metal is joined causing it not to spin very well and some force has to be used. After long periods of wear, especially in hot or humid weather, it can leave some staining on your finger. But for the cost that I paid, I really can't expect too much. It is just the image online and the actual product I received have distinctive differences. <end>
 B000HBOBJI  Sterling Silver Large Comedy Drama Masks Ring 5/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Bummed.  I had to come back and change my review. After only 3 hours of wearing this ring, I noticed tarnishing on the inside. So due to that discovery, I searched for a 925 stamp to find that THERE ISNT ONE. I decided to keep wearing the ring and see if it got any worse and an hour later I noticed my finger was starting to green! Such a shame because it is a beautiful ring but I cannot recommend this ring. Its is NOT sterling silver. I will continue to wear this ring for the time being, but if it gets any worse I will be making a return. I'm very disappointed because I love the ring, but its COSTUME JEWELRY.UPDATE I was in contact with the seller and was told that my finger is greening due to the paint that colors the ring which is green and that i should wash the ring with soap and water. Also that the ring is in fact sterling silver.But still no explanation as to the missing 925 stamp.. <end>
 B000HBRK7S  Sterling Silver Endless Hoop Earrings for men and women, thin 1 mm tube 1/2 inch round ||	  Delicate 1/2" Silver Hoops  I'm happy with my delicate silver earrings. I was looking for small sterling hoops to put-in & forget-about for the Summer & these will work just fine.Now, that said, it's very difficult to judge tiny items online. (I ordered them with my fingers-crossed.) So - for the lack of a photo of the hoops on a model's ear - I'll try to share the kind of info I was wishing for before I ordered.The size is just a tad over half-inch (1/2") & when I have them on, they clear my earlobe by a about an eighth-inch (1/8"). They are thinner than I expected, but not flimsy. The entire hoop slides thru my pierced opening, which is small for some posts.The finish is very smooth & highly polished.As others stated, endless hoops are a challenge to close, but this small size can be especially troublesome. I used a 5X mirror & the first one took me almost 15 minutes to close... 2nd hoop took 3 minutes. The good news is that the delicate hoops did not bend or loose their shape during this process, which is impressive.I felt like I got a very good value for sterling silver, even with the shipping fee. The seller sent them standard delivery for $5 & I got them in 4 days - not bad. <end>  Perfect.  These are exactly what I was looking for. Simple silver hoops that I can wear on an every day basis and if I fall asleep wearing them they won't poke me in the back of the head all night. I've had a gold pair similar to this for years but had never gotten small silver hoops. These are very affordable and very cute. A little bit difficult to get on, but all endless hoop earrings are and since you don't have to take them out every day it doesn't really matter anyway. <end>  Perfect for multiple piercings  These earrings aren't the teeny tiny things that other reviewers make them out to be. As the product specs says they're 14mm (if you don't know how big that is then take a look at ruler), so if you buy earrings without bothering to look at how big they are then it's your own fault if you don't like the size.I mention this because I was almost scared off from buying these lovely earrings because I thought the product specs might have been wrong, but it's accurate.They look absolutely gorgeous and they were exactly the size I was looking for, but I can't bring myself to give them more than 4 stars just because they are so *very* annoying to close. If you have sensitive ears then you'll definitely want to get help in putting these in (and you probably will even if you don't), otherwise it can take a VERY long time to get them to close properly and you will end up tugging, twisting, and pulling your ear multiple times.I have multiple piercings in each of my ears, which is exactly why I was looking for this size, and I love how these hoops look in them! They stack up perfectly.So just be aware that if you get these earrings, it's going to take some patience to get them in properly. <end>  Just what I wanted.  I have never had the endless earrings before, but having some issues with my earlobes I wanted something that would be easy to leave in and sleep in. This was just what I received. I will definitely be ordering more of these in the future. <end>  Excellent piece of work!  This is such a risk when i decided to order this, because there is no picture of model wearing it. But when i received it, I just loved it! It is the one I want, not too big to make my ears look werid but the size perfect fit my ears. It is VERY hard to put it on, I strongly ask anyone who buy this dont put it on by urself. Ask a friend to help and it will be much easlier. <end>  Happy  Very very happy with this product. I didn't have any trouble with the latch - but I only wear earrings like these. Wonderful quality <end>  Good for what they are  These earrings are fine for what they are - just small hoops that won't get in the way of your daily life or sleeping habits. It took me 10 minutes of fussing trying to get them to latch in my ears before I called my husband up and he connected them in about 30 seconds, so I would recommend having someone else do it first without bothering to try struggling yourself. There was a snag on one of them, right where the latch connects, and that gets caught on things, but other than that these are well made and truly silver - I'm allergic to nickel so I would know if they weren't ) They are very comfortable to sleep in and don't bother me at any time during the day. Also if you want earrings that will just fit over your earlobes, then these are going to be bigger than you want, there is about a quarter inch under my ear. Measure 9/16ths in. before you buy so you know how big they are. Overall, an adequate purchase, they could be better, could be worse. <end>
 B000HBRKCS  Sterling Silver Endless Hoop Earrings, 2 mm tube 1/2 inch round ||	  Waste of Money  Bought these a couple weeks ago....one of them broke within a couple days of wearing them. Spend a little more money and get yourself a decent pair. Don't waste a dime on these. <end>
 B000HBRKK0  Sterling Silver Endless Hoop Earrings, thick 3 mm tube 2 3/8 inch round ||	  A little on the heavy side  I thought that this earring would be lighter. It actually makes your earlobe droop. Nice look, but too heavy. <end>
 B000HBV344  Sterling Silver Thin Endless Hoop Earrings, thin 1 mm tube 2 inch round ||	  Fastest shipping ever!  These earrings came in the mail less than 48 hours after I ordered them. WOW! I ordered some earrings from another vendor and it has been 5 days now, and I am still waiting for them. Next time I will check Sabrina Silver first for my silver needs. <end>  Hoop it Up!  Not much to say about Hoop earing other than if you are a person who likes hoop earings you will like these. <end>  Good quality  My earrings hasn't faded!! I like these size, I which there was bigger size of this same style like a 2 1/2 or 3 but anyway the purchase came quickly. Satisfied customer, would recommed seller, b/c I have purchase from them before. <end>  A new holy decree, check it out!  Hey there, Patriarch with another holy decree. Yours truly has seen a lot of hot women wearing these big hoop earrings and that has truly shown him the light. Hoop earrings are the world's sexiest earrings. Now the one inchers are ok, but if you really want to impress you gotta go with the 2". So as you may have inferred, my latest decree is that all women must now wear big hoop earrings all the time. There I said it. Oh yeah, you can take them off when necessary of course. I just mean as part of your standard dress. Anyway, if you are a women reading this, which you probably are, I will let you get going because you have to buy hoop earrings now. OR, if you already own them you have to go put them on. Ok Patriarch signing off. <end>  Good for the price  These are smaller than i anticipated and most important is they are easily bent when trying to fasten the locking mechanism. Would not pay more than i did for them. <end>  great wear-anywhere product  these earrings are light on the ears, stylish and go with everything. a staple for your wardrobe and a must-have for summer. the "endless" style makes it easy to keep them in your ears. i haven't had much luck with any other kind, especially when out dancing! <end>  Happy shopping  The earrings are nice for their price but they are very soft and thin. When I was trying to wear them, they kept bending. I wouldn't suggest them for everyday wear. <end>  Sterling hoops  The thin piece of wire that inserts into the hoop for closure broke the first time I attempted to put on the earrings. Disappointing and a waste of money. <end>  Classic and sexy  Nothing like a hoop earring for that sex appeal.these are really nice quality but you must be careful with them they are fragile in thestem part that goes into your ear.At any rate, I love them and wear them alot. <end>  Jewelry Lover  I bought these earrings in the summer and loved them at first. When they arrived I must say I was littel disappointed in the quality of the earring. You have to be very carefully putting them on as they are fragile. If you can deal with that then they are okay. One good thing is they were delivered to me 2-3 days earlier than I had anticipated. <end>  Perfect Earring  This is the perfect size hoop for work. Not too big but big enough to be in fashion. <end>  Great quality and service  These earrings arrived ahead of schedule and they are just the right size. They are not too small or too big. I really love them and have had numerous complements on them. <end>  Cute Earrings, Great price  Love these earrings. Fast shipping w/ Sabrina silver. The earrings are very lightweight and delicate, so be careful with them. shiny sterling silver, not too big. [...] - the price can't be beat. <end>  Sterling Hoops  Product was exactly as described. Packaged very well and shipped ASAP. Great transaction! <end>
 B000HCI28S  Ocean Blue Enamel Ring with Silver Swirls - 9 ||	  delicate and beautiful  I am pleased with this ring. My fingers and hands are petite so it looks good and fits good. Because the ring is very narrow the design is not a "stand out". But it still looks good on my finger. <end>
 B000HCN9XQ  14K Artform Etruscan Hoop Earrings ||	  Excited to get ---Had to return  The way the post on the earring is it is almost impossible to get in ear. I have had pierced ears for 30 years and this is the first pair I could not get in my ears, and I finally got one in and I couldn't get it closed!!!! Very disappointed I wanted them!!!!!! Pam <end>  My favorite gold earrings  I purchased these earrings a year or two ago, and I just love them. I wear them every day and don't even have to take them off when I sleep. The etruscan style is very unique and makes them appear more expensive than they were. They look heavy, but they are actually hollow, so they feel very comfortable. The only concern would be if you have unusually plump earlobes, because it has to fit in between the two sides where the pin goes in the ear lobe.If I could find them again, I would buy another pair. At the time, they were available in 18K and 14K, but I preferred the etruscan design on the 14K pair better than the 18K. Now I wish I had purchased an 18K pair, and another 14K pair. <end>
 B000HCNH38  Sterling Silver Hana Drop Earrings by Zina ||	  Nice, but a little dissappointing for the price  The design on these is nice. However they do not look like $70 earrings. For something so expensive I would expect them to be slightly heavier and of a more rich grade of silver. They were almost too shiny which made them look a little cheap. They did look nice on---just not worth the high price tag. <end>
 B000HCR3WE  9mm Round Chinese White Cultured Pearl Earrings w/ 14K Gold Post ||	  Fair for $25 a pair  Nice size (they were about 10mm each), nice luster, but have some blemishes. One has 4 blemishes, and the other one has 5. I bought them for daily use, so I can deal with it. They were $25 anyway. <end>
 B000HCRMPC  Amethyst bracelet, 'Paradise' ||	  beautiful but fragile  I really liked the way this bracelet looks but it was much to0 pliable I guess is the word... the stress of putting it on and off weakened it until if finally broke in two near the little gold part... the up side is I got this bracelet in January and sent a message about it breaking yesterday ( june 5 ) and I got an email from Novica saying they were sending a prepaid return label and would credit my account... so the customer service was excellent.... <end>
 B000HCSFX0  Zina Sterling Silver Windows Snap Hoop Earrings ||	  What's up with these prices? Way, way, way overpriced  Who's "Zina" ? I buy a lot of quality sterling silver jewelry - and have never paid prices anywhere near the prices of this brand - All of their jewelry offerings are production factory made and for the most part you can find either identical or nearly identical pieces at local brick and mortar stores for 1/3 or less of the price.Save your big $'s for pieces that are artisan crafted, individually made, artist signed pieces. <end>
 B000HCSFZ8  Zina Sterling Silver Men's Stratus Design Leather Bracelet, 8.5" ||	  very sexy and hip  I bought this for my husband. He loves it and gets many compliments! It is very sexy and hip looking as well as very well made. It is just a beautiful bracelet. <end>  Very Nice Bracelet  Extremely well made / excellent workmanship; gets lots of compliments. Many inquiries from the ladies asking if there is a women's version. Industrial-strength clasp. I will purchase other Zina items. <end>  NO GOOD  Bracelet broke when putting on the first time, the leather came off the middle silver part. Bracelet does not look like its worth more then 20 bucks. <end>
 B000HCSX5K  Garnet jewelry set, 'Bright and Bold' 15.8" L ||	  It caused great excitement upon arrival!  We purchased it as a birthday gift for our daughter-in-law  Garnet is her birthstone. She was so excited, when she opened it, that she had to call her husband (our son) at work and tell him about it. (It came a week after her birthday - I didn't order it early enough, not realizing it was hand made and coming from the Andes!) She said the necklace and earring set was well worth waiting for! <end>
 B000HD3EBC  6mm wide Blue Agate Band Gemstone Ring Size 4.5 to 9.5 ||	  Great Stuff  The service was v.good and the ring are so cool, I've got few colors and my sister loves them alot .. <end>  Simple but elegant  Came on Time. Would have given 5 stars but the color was a little lighter than what is shown. Fit perfectly. Would buy more of these for the great price they have. <end>  My favorite by far  I am in love with this ring, blue is my favorite color and it matches my two blue topaz rings I wear, its perfect for me and fits my two main fingers perfectly! <end>  GENUINE 6 MM BLUE AGATE BAND GEMSTONE RING  PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IT WAS PACKAGED VERY NICE AND SAFE AND IT IS A VERY NICE RING. <end>  blue agate band  My husband couldn't believe this was agate, and I have to admit, I find it hard to believe. It's very light, but exactly what you would expect from the picture.I bought a bunch of these in different colors. I like 'em! <end>  Blue Lace Agate band  The colors in this band are beautiful. I have received quite a few compliments and inquiries about the ring when I wear it. <end>  Agate Band Gemstone  The customer service for this product was faultless. It arrived quickly and was well-packaged. The product, however, was a disappointment. Instead of being blue, as it was advertised, it is, in fact, nearly transparent with a pink tinge. <end>  A tad light, but definitly blue  I&#34;ve bought two of these (one as a back up) and they are both very pretty. They do vary in color (as is expected) though it is not a huge difference. It is fragile, but is holding up well so far. (I do wear them every day) <end>  Pale Blue Agate  Nice, but very transparent blue in color. Not even close to the color in the picture. Order one size bigger. For the price, I'll probably order more in different colors. <end>
 B000HDEPDI  All-Natural Genuine 6 mm, Heart Shape Garnet earrings set in 14k White Gold ||	  Heart Shaped Garnet Earrings  Company earrings were purchased from was prompt and the craftsmanship was top notch. Quality of the stones was excellent. It is a pleasure doing business with Szul and Amazon.com <end>
 B000HDKXES  Sterling Silver Italian Puffed Anchor Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.4 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very nice and delicate  Bought this to put a small charm on for a friend bracket is much nicer in person seems sturdy and for the price it's perfect very pleased with my purchase <end>  Awesome!  I was very pleased with this bracelet. It is well made and fits well. I especially like the link it has. <end>
 B000HDOLPU  Sterling Silver Italian Puffed Anchor Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.4 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very nice and delicate  Bought this to put a small charm on for a friend bracket is much nicer in person seems sturdy and for the price it's perfect very pleased with my purchase <end>  Awesome!  I was very pleased with this bracelet. It is well made and fits well. I especially like the link it has. <end>
 B000HDOLQ4  Sterling Silver Italian Puffed Anchor Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.4 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Lovely chain, interesting design  I bought this along with several rolo chains, mainly out of curiousity for the style of the links. This is a slightly heavier chain at 1/8" so not the typical chain for a pendent, though it certainly would be nice with the right one. The links remind me of soda pop tops linked together. That's not to imply it's cheap looking, in fact it's very nice; just a bit different. It's a good style to wear alone, or with several chains of varying lengths together. Overall I liked it. The 4 stars are for personal taste only. I prefer the spiga and rolo chains a bit more. <end>
 B000HE8G7I  Sterling Silver Multicolor Dainty Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Back broke after wearing the earrings once, awaiting a new pair  I loved the earrings. They were beautiful. But the silver back broke after wearing them once.I returned the earrings and still waiting for another pair, even exchange. <end>  i love jewelry  love these earrings....can wear with 3 different outfits (colors)..have the right lenght and a great sparkle....service is always prompt....thanks <end>
 B000HEC552  Sterling Silver Clear AB Crystal adjustable Bracelet 7 to 8 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  A lot of quality, for a little money  I paid a great price for this item. Not only are they genuine swarovski's but the piece is more beautiful than I expected. I'm sure you've all seen jewelry that say 'diamond' and 'stone' and what you see is a big hunk of metal with a sliver of stone glued to it.This item is a line of silver with chunks of finely shaped crystals on it. Amazing and when it hits the light, one is mesmerized. <end>  Crystal Bracelet  I had a bracelet like this a few years ago until it broke. I was looking for several months to find one similar to replace it, and I was so excited when I found this one. The crystals are a little bit bigger than I expected, but I like that. <end>  Beautiful  Wore it with the other bracelet yesterday,very good color when the light shines on it,love it a lot very happy with my purchase <end>  pretty bracelet  I bought this together with the pink quartz bracelet for my daughter as a birthday gift. When I received it the box is nicely packed and this swarovski bracelet is much beautiful than in picture. My 22-yo daughter loves it. I would highly recommend this product it's so pretty under the sun or any lights, the glitters awesome. <end>  Clear Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver 7" 7.5" 8" Adjustable Bracelet With Lobster Clasp  Great Sparkle. You can blind people up to 5 feet away with direct sunlight, lol. This seeems to be a quality piece and for the price...well twenty bucks just cant be beat. I dont think you can purchase the beads alone for this price. Is a little tough to put on by yourself with nails, but is worth the effort. <end>  Perfect gift, Great price  Love this bracelet!!! I bought this as a present for my maid of honor. She loved the crystals and loved the color!!! Adjustable for any wrist size, does not get caught anywhere and the bracelet feels very sturdy and TOO comfortable, that you forget your wearing it (Not a bad thing)..... Love, love this bracelet.... Perfect for all ages and matches with any wardrobe!  ) <end>  Swarovski Crystal Bracelet  I waited much too long to order the bracelet and expect it by Christmas. I was extremely surprised and delighted that it arrived in the mail on Christmas Eve, even though I expected it several days after Christmas. The item was packaged extremely well and was exactly as I imagined it would look. Needless to say, my wife was thrilled when she opened up the package on Christmas day. Thank you so much for such a quick turnaround! <end>  love it  Very pretty to wear for the holidays. Inexpensive in price. Just a pretty piece of jewelry. <end>  Swarovski Crystal Bracelet  I found this product to be of very good quality and am very satisfied! <end>  Crystal Bracelet  A beautiful piece of jewelry for every woman. Exellent quality that compliments any wardrobe. <end>  Junk  Easy to describe--the price should have told me; if it's cheap in price, it's cheap in quality and looks. <end>
 B000HEDUCY  Sterling Silver Italian Singapore Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Singapore bracelet  The bracelet was a little narrower than I expected (this one was the medium thick Singapore). It seems like parts of the bracelet straighten out temporarily as you wear it, which is disappointing because I like the twisted look (I bought it to go with a necklace from another vendor). The price was very good, and the bracelet goes with the necklace well, so I will keep it. <end>  Simply excellent!  Great value, quality and price. You couldn't ask for more. Plus, it was shipped quickly. <end>  Singapore bracelet  The bracelet was a little narrower than I expected (this one was the medium thick Singapore). It seems like parts of the bracelet straighten out temporarily as you wear it, which is disappointing because I like the twisted look (I bought it to go with a necklace from another vendor). The price was very good, and the bracelet goes with the necklace well, so I will keep it. <end>  Simply excellent!  Great value, quality and price. You couldn't ask for more. Plus, it was shipped quickly. <end>
 B000HFI9CE  14 KT White Gold Comfort Fit 6mm Wide Wedding / Engagement Band Ring ||	  Exellent  I really liked the quality of the ring, and it fit perfectly on my husband. <end>
 B000HFIHTE  SCNK068 Sterling Silver Clear Crystal .925 Sterling Silver Necklace Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Stupendous light refraction  If you love aurora borealis crystals, this is the ticket. This necklace is just breathtaking eye popping drop deadbeautiful!!! We use to have a shop in town about ten years ago that sold these kind of necklaces.That shop went out of businessMy necklace was stolen I have been looking forever. This necklace is way better than the one I had. The quality is therethe price is right, I highly reccomend this necklace to anyone. When I took it out of the box WOW WOW WOW!!!!!I Love it.This necklaces captures the light and sparkles like mad.Gem Avenue packaged it well shipment in three days. I am SOOOOOOOO PLeased Thank You Gem Ave and Amazon!!!!! <end>  so pretty  I have always liked crystals and this necklace is very nice. I wore it numerous times over the Christmas holiday and it always looked great. Now if I could just find a 60&#34; length. <end>  Perfect gift  My wife is a crystal gems collector, and this necklace exact accessory for her handmade 3 tier bracelet. Gorgeous! <end>  I love it!  I ordered the 24 inch & the 16 inch pieces. They arrived sooner than expected and are so beautiful and sparkly! I can wear them with jeans, but look nice enough that I could wear them to formal events as well. I love them and am planning to order the 20 inch as well. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  GORGEOUS is the only word to describe this necklace. I ordered 2, one in 18", one in 20", for my bridesmaids. I wanted something lovely that they could wear again, but not so fancy they feel weird wearing it. This is just that necklace. Like a string of pearls, you can dress it up or dress it down; either way, it's perfect! <end>  More beautiful than expected  Words can't describe how beautiful this necklace is and for the price it was a steal! <end>  very pretty  Feels lighter than expected, but beautiful and shiny. The clasp seems "flimsy" but time will tell how it holds up <end>
 B000HFK1OS  10 KT Solid Yellow Gold Comfort Fit 3mm Wide Wedding / Engagement Band Ring ||	  Solid Ring  We ordered this ring a couple weeks ago for my wife so she'd have something she could wear to the gym (without having to worry about scratching up her wedding/engagement bands). So far we're happy with it.. looks good, and because its a "harder" 10K gold, its pretty darn resistant to scratches and scuffs.My only complaint is that its not available in 1/2 sizes. My wife wears a 5.5, so we ordered a 6 and, sure enough, it was too big. As a result, we had to go to the local jeweler and pay $15 to get it re-sized. Wish we could have just ordered a 5.5 from the start. <end>
 B000HG54GW  Sterling Silver Pink and Clear Crystal Bracelet Earrings with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Not What I Thought  I was excited when I saw this crystal combo but when it arrived in the mail I saw that it was NOTHING like it looked in the ad! My wife told me that it looked like something you give to a child! She said it looked like a toy! I was mortified! I wish I could send it back because my wife refuses to wear it! <end>
 B000HG7HH6  All-Natural Genuine 8x6 mm, Pear Shape Emerald pendant set in 14k White Gold ||	  emerald pendant  the necklace was very plain looking w/ a cheap looking chain. I was not happy w/ it and sent it back. The company took it back w/ no questions asked. <end>
 B000HGBNC6  All-Natural Genuine 6x4 mm, Pear Shape Ruby pendant set in 14k Yellow gold ||	  geb  Having bought the pear shaped earrings I thought this pendant would be a great complement to it but was disapponinted with the size of the stone as it was much smaller than presented. <end>
 B000HGDRYS  All-Natural Genuine 5x3 mm, Oval Emerald pendant set in 14k Yellow gold ||	  Very tiny - but I kept it anyway  Very tiny - but I kept it anyway. I love the colour of the stone and the bail.I would not order this piece again. <end>
 B000HGGGUU  14k Yellow Gold Children's Pink Ladybug Pendant, 15" ||	  Wonderful  I purchased this for my niece who loves the color pink and ladybugs. She was so delighted with it sheclung to me all day. Wonderful workman ship. A must buy for anyone who loves ladybugs and the color pink. <end>  Size was an issue.  The item itself was beautiful despite the fact the size of the actual charm was a lot smaller than was lead to be believed. Maybe if there was a size comparison, beside a ruler perhaps, we would have been more prepared and educated in our search for a ladybug necklace. <end>  cute  For the price it is smaller than I thought. But it is very delicate and cute. It's a wonderful purchase. <end>
 B000HGIJKK  Sterling Silver Polished Solid Cuff Bracelet ||	  Hasn't left my wrist  I bought this cuff after years of casually looking for a simple silver bracelet with no design or curvy shape. I found it and I've worn it ever since the day I got it (3 or so months ago) except to put a polish on it. Very sturdy. I cinched it down between my hand and my wrist bone so it doesn't move up or down my arm. Good buy. <end>
 B000HGIJV4  Sterling Silver Children's Heart Design Locket, 15" ||	  Too Small!!!  I ordered this locket because it specifically said it was for a child, it was cute, and had a short chain. When I received the locket it was so tiny that it was impossible to put any photos inside and was too small to just wear as jewelry. I went back to Amazon and ordered a larger heart locket at the same price. It is just the right size to put two photos inside. It even came with a template to help cut the photos and plastic to hold the photos in place in the locket. I would definitely order more of these for other children in the family. The product code is Sterling Silver Heart Locket on Cable Chain, 18" <end>
 B000HGJZBM  925 Sterling Silver Pastel Rainbow Cubic Zirconia Feather Dangle Belly Ring ||	  beautiful  I love this belly ring! This is my favorite one to wear1 The colors look amazing with anything! I'm a big fan of the multi color look now ) <end>
 B000HGKLHY  Italian Sterling Silver Engraveable Medical Identification ID Bracelet ||	  Very Pleased  This medical alert braclet looked just like its picture and is nice quality sterling silver. <end>
 B000HGKLVA  Sterling Silver Children's Teddy Bear Earrings ||	  Best for very small child/toddlers - really tiny  Bought these for my 9 year old niece for christmas and was slightly disappointed in them. They are really small. You have to have tiny ears to be able to notice that you even have them on. So, I'd only recommend them for toddlers and younger children pre-school who have pierced ears. Quality is decent sterling silver, and they are probably ok for moms to put on their toddlers because they will stay nicely due to the good screw backing. But,kids a little older who usually put their own earrings in might be disappointed and will probably have trouble putting them in themselves. They are so tiny (looks like about 1/4") it's difficult to hold them to put them in and they will also be lost easily. Probably good for a small child who won't want to change their earrings very often and maybe keep them in, or if mom can do it for her. They might also be good for anyone with multiple piercings who want a few tiny earrings to go with their central earring. <end>  Very good  Very cute, I like them, worth the money. Though it's said that the earrings are for kids, it's also great for big girls. <end>  Cute!  These earings are relatively small but really cute. They are fabulous presents for your kids. <end>  We Love them  I purchased these for my two year old granddaughter. They were the perfect size for her. The screw backs were great. <end>  Not very nice  I was disappointed in these earring. They were very small and not very detail. It was not a good purchase <end>  Teddy Bear Earrings  We ordered these for our 2 year old. I was looking for some earrings with the screw on backs, and found these. I didn't know about this type of backing until recently, and was so excited to find some that were this cute! They fit her ears nicely and don't seem to come loose easily, which is what we wanted. <end>  TEDDYBEAR EARRINGS  THESE EARRINGS ARE SO CUTE AND TINY AND LIGHT! THE SCREW-IN BACKS ARE AWESOME, MY DAUGHTER DOESN'T BOTHER THEM AT ALL BECAUSE SHE DOESN'T FEEL THEM ON HER EARS! <end>  Great Product!  Very cute earrings. My cousin likes bears and she likes this. The only problem is that it is kind of hard to see a little small. Everything else about it is really good and we all like it. This is a must buy to all bear fans! <end>  perfect for a little girl  screw back earrings are hard to find and that's what I needed for 21 month old daughter. they are the perfect size and look really cute on her! <end>  Poor Quality, broke stem  These were meant for my toddler. The backs are too poorly connected to the bears and one broke in two parts just trying to pop them into her ears. Too bad, really cute earrings! I wasn't surprised when it happened because it looked flimsy. <end>
 B000HGKLX8  Sterling Silver Children's Bracelet w/ Ladybug Stations ||	  Great adjustable child's bracelet  I am putting this aside for a stocking stuffer for daughter. She loves bugs! ladybugs, butterflies, dragonflies in jewelry. <end>  Too cute!  This bracelet is too cute and perfect for the little "big" girl in your life! It's grown-up enough to where your little angel will feel like a big girl, but sturdy enough to survive little girl antics! A great gift any ladybug lover is sure to love! <end>
 B000HGMN6G  Italian Sterling Silver Heart Toggle Childrens 5 inch Bracelet ||	  she loved it!  Super cute, delicate yet sturdy at the same time. perfect for a child who enjoys running around without the constant worry that it would unfasten and get lost. i had order it too small and it was replaced in time for the holidays. i would say the size is for someone between ages 6 to 8 ( depending on the child size of course.) <end>
 B000HGUUIY  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings w/ Peridot ||	  Peridot Hoops  Beautiful petite earrings, although a little more "petite" than expected. Someone always comments how nice they are when I wear them. An excellent value overall. <end>  very cute!  these are sweet little earrings. i would definitely buy more products from this company. <end>  snap clasp  these earrings had the snap clasp I was looking for as well as the gem. shipping was quick especially for it being around the holiday's. <end>  Never have to change them!  These are elegant and easy to use. You can have them in for months, sleep, swim in them, etc. They are very dainty and comfortable! <end>  tiny but beautiful  I got these for under $10 so they were worth it even though they are so small. <end>  Great Product!  Beautiful earrings. I would of like the peridot to be a little bigger. <end>  Very nice...  Amazon did a great job with this - exactly what I hoped it would be. My wife loved them...better than my disappointing Pugster pin I got in the same order. <end>  Cheap-Looking  These earrings looked cute, but very cheaply made, and the "stone" fell out after three weeks. <end>  BROKEN CLASP  Hello, I would like to say that I thought these would be simple, classy earrings for work. I just received the item today. They look so cheap!! I can't even believe it! The clasp was defective and the gem completely fell out! I just received them two minutes ago. I am in the process of getting a refund. I can say that the booklet that comes with the earrings is very convenient if you are unsatisfied...However, I would appreciate an accurate life-size photo, so I don't waste my time in the future. I think I'll just stick to books from Amazon. <end>  Nice Earrings - Post too short  I agree with some of the other reviewers. These are nice earrngs, however I have to struggle to get them in place. The post just needs to be about 1/16" longer. <end>
 B000HGUUJI  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings w/ Pink Tourmaline ||	  These are nice  I needed a pair of earrings that I could wear to work that weren't too large and were still pretty. These worked out fine. The mechanism works well and I can sleep in them without discomfort. <end>  Really happy with these earrings  They are lovely, and are small enough that my infant daughter doesn't try to rip them out of my ears. I can finally wear earrings again! My only complaint is that I find it a smidgeon difficult to put them on, but that could be user error -- since it's been almost 11 months since I have been able to wear earrings at all, it's possible my ears have closed up a bit or I've lost the touch. <end>  Unwearable  I cannot wear these earrings as the post are incredibly short! I have average size earlobes and they do not reach the back of my earlobe, thus making them unwearable. Too bad, because they are very pretty... <end>
 B000HGWV72  Sterling Silver 10mm Multicolor Jade Gemstone 9 inch Bracelet With Secure Latch Clasp ||	  not as described  bracelet looks like what is shown but it is 7 INCHES in length absolutely NOT 9 INCHES stated in description. lost return info and guess will have to give it to someone else since it is two inches off. Very DISAPPOINTED. <end>  Fades  Beautiful item it is as pictured, but the color tarnishes very quickly! This is a problem! Don't waste your time! <end>
 B000HHQS4S  Sterling Silver Fancy Bracelet 7.5" ||	  Looks nothing like the photo.  Originally, this bracelet looked nothing like the photo. It's actually 12 small silver hearts linked together, very cheap and childish looking. Also, it weighs only 10 grams, not 17 as advertised. After several months, they've updated the photo but not the weight. <end>
 B000HI34LW  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Cable Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Nickel Free, 1/8 inch wide, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great Chain.  My order came quickly and was as I expected it to be. I would definitely order from here again. <end>  Sparkling  I purchased silver chain for an anklet. I don't take it off! Comfortable light and maintains such a sparkle. As a necklace I think the chain style would look heavier than it feels...not dainty. Perfect for anklet or bracelet, and if u want to wear just the chain around ur neck....or with a med to lrge pendant. Small looped pendants wont flow over to chain. I put my tiny double happiness symbol pendant right on the clasp, which looks really cool.....like a tiffany tag. Super fast delivery. Ordered at night & recvd in one day. <end>  Three Thumbs Up  I got this in april and i really love it. it's durable but light and keeps a good shine. it's great for holding pendants <end>  Cable Sterling Chain  This item was shipped so fast I didn't even have a chance to anticipate the delivery date! Thanks $1mm!! The item was beautiful and arrive in perfect order. <end>  Silver Chain is as good as Gold!!!  This quality necklace chain was well worth the price and the service was excellent!!!! <end>
 B000HJVCPG  Sterling Silver Round Bali BYZANTINE Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.1mm Antiqued Finish Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Byzantine  This exceeded what I expected for the price (less than 1/2 of what I've seen them in retail stores) .. a VERY strong chain .. LOVE IT <end>
 B000HJYTUQ  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 2mm Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  Sterling Silver 2 MM Italian Box Link 30" Necklace  This is a beautiful piece and of excellent quality. I like the way the necklace falls and complements different pendants. The clasp is sturdy and opens and closes easily without falling open when you don't want.This is a fine choice for gift giving. <end>  Great Necklace  I was looking for a boxlink necklace as a gift for my daughter. It's not easy to tell from the photo of this chain, but it really is quite substantial...not only sturdy, but beautiful as well. Something else I appreciate is the size of the clasp...it's very easy to use. Not only am I very satisfied with this necklace, I was happy that Gem Avenue processed my order immediately. So, if you're looking for a nice boxlink necklace that isn't whimpy and you need it fast, this is the way to go. <end>  A great piece for your jewlery box  I wanted a sturdy chain to wear my wedding and engagement on while I am pregnant...I'm a little too swolen to wear them now. I hoped this was it and it is. Very well made with a strong clasp. It is beautiful on its own or with different pendants. It matches quite well with my Tiffany bracelet! It got here very quickly, that is amazing since I live in GUAM!! <end>  Sterling Silver 2 MM Italian Box Link 30" Necklace  I ordered this chain and was amazed at how quickly they shipped it to me. There was no delay at all. Two days after I paid for it, it was in my mailbox. I was impressed at the professional manner of the email contacts. I was even more impressed at the beautiful chain. Very attractive and sturdy. It's nice to deal with people who take pride in selling their products, making their customers happy and making the extra effort to rush the product to you. I have been a warehouse manager for nearly 20 years and appreciate these qualities because I aspire to them myself. <end>  Nice Necklace  Nice Necklace, it was too thick for the barrel on the pendent I indented to use it for. So I had to return it. It could have been used alone. But I did not need another silver necklace. It would be good to give a mm comparison in the description. Other sites use the ruler to show the thickness. This would have been helpful for me. <end>  Outstanding Necklace  I have been looking for a larger box chain necklace for some time in my local area until I found this one. It is very sturdy and even though I have carpal tunnel in both hands, it was easy to clasp. It felt sturdy and has some weight for a 2mm necklace. I truly enjoy this chain and would recommend it to any one. <end>  great gift  i bought this as a gift for my brother and he really loved it. It looked really fancy and very shiny; the length is also great for a middle built guy. <end>  Great, thick necklace  This necklace is really thick, shiny, sturdy and beautiful. It rests nicely around one's neck. The clasp is also sturdy, easy to use. I don't wear it with pendants, but I guess one could wear large ones with this chain. Recommended. <end>  Quality necklace  I was happily amazed at the quality and beauty of this necklace. It is bright silver and looks amazing with a pendant I already owned. The price is great for the quality. <end>  sterling silver 2MM Italian Box link 20" chain necklace  This is a very nicely made necklace that looks great on my 16 year old. He is thrilled as are we. <end>
 B000HKHZ0Q  Sterling Silver Wire w/Oval Charm Necklace 17" ||	  Cute little necklace for every day wear  At such a bargain price, you will hear no complaints from me regarding this necklace. I'm not sure, but the puffy little disk might even be engraveable with a lady's initials (it's dainty). There are always things that the product descriptions don't tell us so here goes  (1) the oval is puffed, not flat, (2) the oval is attached to the wire/chain so don't purchase it with plans to remove the oval and simply use the chain.Other than that, it is refreshingly simple in design and, best of all, no one will ever know what a great value it was! <end>
 B000HKHZ4M  Sterling Silver 7X5 Garnet Earring ||	  Garnet is not always the same hue  These earrings are quality and attractive earrings, but unless you are in good lighting, the darker garnets tend to look black. <end>  Looks nicer in the picture  These earrings look nicer, higher quality, in the picture than in real life. One of the pieces that goes through the ear (sorry, not educated in earring terminology), was a little bent. I started to try to straighten it but decided I was more likely to break it off, so left it alone. In all, you get what you pay for, and I've yet to see my girlfriend wear them. <end>
 B000HKJWZC  Sterling Silver Heart Shaped Locket ||	  Disappointing  When I received this locket, I was very disappointed. It doesn't close correctly, and has light scratches all over it as though it had been rattling around someone's desk drawer for a year. <end>  Nice  This was purchased as a gift. It was lovely and is still vry nice! I would recommend! <end>
 B000HKJY0K  Sterling Silver Twisted Hoop Earrings ||	  SS Twisted Hoop Earrings  I loved this item. I wear these all the time. I get many compliments on them. I definitely recommend these earrings. <end>  Bar hurt going through ear  I found that the bar on these earrings hurt going through my ear. This seems to be a problem with earrings from this company. Also, the silver seemed dull. They were very good about giving me a prompt credit for the return. <end>
 B000HKOYB4  Sterling Silver 10mm Emerald Light Blue Topaz Gemstone Band Ring Size 4.5 ||	  verry impressesive  the ring is beutiful more than i was expected in the picture, arrival fast. the price is good too. so i would recommend anyone with Gem Avenue <end>  Great ring  This ring is much prettier than the picture shows and I am very pleased with it. <end>  great deal!!!!!  Received this ring and was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the ring.....stone is a beautiful blue and the setting is very pretty......would buy from this company again. <end>  BETTER THAN PICTURED!  It is so beautiful with that light blue Topaze combined with the wide sterling silver styled band. Very well done! <end>  Pretty Ring  I really like this little ring. Unfortunately, they didn't have it in the size I needed and I bought a bigger size that doesn't quite fit. I like the blue stone and styling...would recommend to everyone! <end>  Kind of a big banded ring  this ring is very pretty. The gem in the picture acutally looks more darker than in person. It's a lighter color of blue but it is exaclty like the picture. It's kind of got a big band but it's not too big on my finger. Already gotten a compliment on the ring! It's really pretty. <end>  so pretty  This is such a pretty ring, the stone is a beautiful blue, with great clarity. The setting is delicate looking yet substantial, & extremely comfortable on my finger. It is much nicer in person. <end>  feelin' old  Seems strange that i'm twenty-three years over the age asked. The ring my wife loves. Now I feel silly the i bought my wife a ring that some fourteen year old would buy for a elementary school dance. Oh well.Patrick <end>
 B000HKT83I  Sterling Silver Marquise Cut Blue Topaz Gemstone10mm Ring Size 3.5 ||	  Lovely  The color of the ring is not quite what you see in the picture. Instead of being light swiss blue topaz, it is the darker london blue (which I actually prefer). I am very pleased with this ring. It is old fashioned and fancy but can be worn with anything. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  This is a gorgeous ring and looks much more expensive than it is! I love it! <end>  Very Sleek  The blue is a beautiful shade and it looks more like white gold than sterling silver. Looks like an expensive piece of jewelry. It definitely gets noticed and makes it's own statement with it's elegance. Highly recommended for wear on the index or middle finger where it tends to give a longer, leaner look to your fingers. <end>  NOT AS ADVERTISED  This ring is beautiful but it is NOT STERLING. It has to be silver plated and not very good plating at that. The plating wore off very quickly to reveal the base metal underneath. <end>
 B000HLHTK6  24kt Gold Plated Ball Belly Ring ||	  Wanted it, but didn't get it  I was really excited to see this product at a low price, so I ordered it immediately. I got an email shortly after asking if I wanted to get another item instead of this one. I said "no" and ended up just getting a refund. Major bummer  -( I was lucky it was one of the few things in my big order that was for myself and not a Christmas gift. Otherwise I would have been screwed. <end>
 B000HLHXIY  14k Yellow Gold Adjustable Spiga Chain Necklace ||	  Great necklace!  I saw these adjustable chains at a local jewelry store and fell in love with the idea of having a chain of every length. I ordered this one and it's perfect! The chain does not tangle easily and has a smooth finish. I am very happy with it! <end>  not bad  The spiga format makes this chain less flexable. Thus, the chain looks shorter on person than other chains. <end>
 B000HLJA3K  Sterling Silver Round Shape Hugger Style Earrings ||	  Dont waste your money  DO NOT WASTE your money on these. They are very heavy, and do not stay closed. I have almost lost them each time I have worn them. They are now in the BOTTOM of my jewelry box. I do like the look of them-they just are not wearer-friendly! <end>
 B000HLLUEM  14k Yellow Gold Apple Charm ||	  14k Yellow Gold Apple Charm  Lovely little apple charm. Just what I wanted. Picture a little deceptive, though. I thought the charm would be larger than it actually was. Otherwise - Great item. I'm happy. <end>
 B000HLOE5O  Southwestern Style Buffalo Band Ring with Lapis, Coral, Turquoise & Malachite Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 11, #10828 ||	  Gave this as a gift...  I ordered two of these rings as Christmas gifts. They were heavier than I expected them to be, not at all flimsy or cheap-looking. The inlays seemed to be of high-quality - very bright stones and flush with the silver band. I was very pleased with this item. <end>  Sterling silver buffalo ring with turquoise,coral, and lapis accents  I purchased this ring as a gift for my husband. Very masculine looking ring with a thick shank or band made of sterling silver. Nicely detailed and finished cut and polished. Makes a wonderful gift for any man who loves native american style jewelry. Black triangles add a touch of unique one of a kind look that compliments the buffalo perfectly. Weight is heavier than I expected and although S&H a bit pricey 7.95. Shipped Fed Ex and will arrive in time for the holidays. <end>  Excellent Quality  A customer review convinced me to purchase this Buffalo ring, and I'm very pleased. This ring is top notch in looks, feel, design and the rich colors of the stones are outstanding. The stones are very flush with the band so nothing irrates the finger when the band turns around. I was very impressed with how quickly the ring arrived. So much care went into packing the ring that it took awhile to finally get to the small box inside. That's the good news. The bad news  I am going to be greatly tempted to purchase more items from Taos Trading Jewelry in the near future! <end>  Exceptional Ring  I purchased this ring becuase of the unique design shown and the description. The ring was delivered in a timely manner and met all of my expectations. The ring fit perfectly and I'm very pleased. I have received numerous compliments on the ring. <end>  Lovely ring  Beautiful color and lovely silver ring. The band had a nice weight and thickness to it. It runs just a bit small so consider that when you size it. I absolutely love the ring, it's very comfortable and I wear it every day. I'm a woman and I think it works well as a man's or women's ring <end>  Beautiful ring. Great customer service.  This ring is beautiful and well made, it is worth the price and more. I bought two rings from Taos Trading Rings and they are both really well made at a very fair price. What is better is the customer service was outstanding. In the 10 years I have used Amazon I can remember writing one other review. But my experience was so good with this company that I really wanted to spread the word and encourage you to buy from them! I am leaving this same review for the other ring I bought too. <end>  great ring!!  I ordered this for my husband. It is beautiful, well-made, unusual. He loved it!! <end>
 B000HLWUH8  Sterling Silver Italian Rounded LONG BOX Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Medium Heavy weight Smooth Finish Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Finally, a silver chain that doesn't disappoint!  After buying several chains in the past, I finally found a source of quality silver that comes in a variety of lengths & sizes. In addition to this being a design that isn't generic and over done. I was so impressed with the neck chain I ordered a matching bracelet. After receiving the one I ordered, I discovered it was too short and I contacted the seller who took care of my needs in a friendly, efficient manner. <end>
 B000HLXHFC  Southwestern Style Wide Lizard Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise and Lapis Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 12, #10991 ||	  lizzard ring  Such a nice, solid, ring. I love the inlay work and the ring has a nice solid feel. <end>  Ring  It was exactly as I hoped it would be, actually it's even more beautiful in person! Prompt service and delivery. <end>
 B000HM5S7G  One Stainless Steel Solid Plug  10g (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Good product  The plugs fit great and are well made but there are a few problems.1. The price - You can get stainless steel plugs for cheaper than this. Personally, after buying these and another set of Industrial Strength plugs, I would try to buy from them in the future but those on a budget can find a better deal elsewhere.2. The O-rings - Its a minor point but in the picture shown they are black but mine are clear. Just a point for the discerning buyer. I did't really care though. <end>
 B000HNJWWM  Southwestern Style Horse & Pony Story Band Ring in Sterling Silver for Men or Women, size 9, #10825 ||	  Beautiful Detail  This was purchased as a gift for my 16 year old niece. She loves horses and is an avid rider. She loved it. The detail was impressive and it's not big and bulky. Very dainty. <end>  hores band ring  I have alot of rings but cannot wear certain kinds at work-since I am such a horse lover-this is a perfect ring for me to wear on my job- I gave it a good rate because it is durable in the hard work I do -and the price is right- love this <end>
 B000HOQHLU  Beautiful! Yellow-gold Authentic Black Hills Gold/Sterling-silver Women's Pearl Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring.  I bought this ring for my daughter for christmas. She loved it. She id petite so this fit her well. <end>
 B000HQQX26  Sterling Silver, Onyx and Grey Mother-of-Pearl Necklace, 32" ||	  Much nicer than I anticipated!  This arrived and I was expecting to see an average looking necklace, but was happily surprised! The chain and round links were very shiny. The mother of pearl had nice natural markings on it, I feared it would simply look like plastic, but it did not at all.Sizes  the elongated beads are over an inch long and the 4 dangling circles are 9/16, just a little smaller than a dime. They really do move a little when you wear it, very nice. The beads stop about 4 1/2 inches from each end so they don't feel weird on your neck or mess up your collar. The 32" length is nice as you don't even have to unclasp it if you don't want to, just slip it over your head!Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase. The black and silver go with most outfits. The style is modern enough to be youthful, bit definately not simply trendy. It is a nice change from skinny chains. <end>  Love this necklace. I haven't gotten so many compliments in my life!!  I was hesitant about purchasing jewelry sight unseen. But, this necklace is much prettier in person, than on the screen. I haven't gotten this many compliments in my life over a piece of jewelry. I am really conservative, and thought that this may be too much. But, it wasn't. It is just the right balance of plain, and classy for me.I love it. <end>
 B000HR20AO  Girls Wrap Style Pink Millefiori Italian Glass Dolphin Sterling Silver Ring Size 6(Sizes 6,8,9) ||	  a little disappointed  I'm a little disappointed because of the first impression I got from the ring. It actually looked a little ugly to me when I first received it and it doesn't look like the picture. Although when i wore it surprisingly I started to like how it looked and felt. so all in all its a nice ring. its pretty unique. <end>  Love Love Love It!  This ring was exactly what I expected. It was a good price and it is gorgeous!!! I absolutely love it. <end>
 B000HRCZH2  Grape Ice Glitter Banana Belly Ring ||	  Yummy  I love the color of this ring. It's very flattering and i would highly recommend it to anyone carefree and playful!!! <end>
 B000HRF3HQ  Top Mount Black Tribal Heart Belly Ring ||	  Very cool looking, one problem...  I bought this same ring in Claire's (for about half the price) and loved it at first. It is comfortable, and does not have any parts that would pinch my skin. The only thing is, it is a little top heavy, and it tends to droop forward. <end>
 B000HRH58G  Distinguished Solar Blue Gem Cross Belly Ring ||	  Belly Ring  Beautiful but it broke after only a few wearings. Body Candy is the best site to get body jewlery from. Have many pieces of body jewlery from them and this is the only one that has ever broken. <end>
 B000HRH5SQ  Cyrstalline Gem Zig Zag Star Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Don't buy!!!  This looks really cute on but mine broke after 2 weeks!!! Don't waste your money <end>
 B000HRH6IA  Baby Blue Aurora Blue Gem Butterfly Belly Ring ||	  Not as pretty as seems.  I found this not as good as the picture. I thought the blue in the picture was breath taking but the ring it's self is dull. <end>
 B000HSINC2  Enchanting 10 KT Solid Yellow Gold Cubic Zirconia Pendant Heart 10k Slide Charm ||	  Beautiful Heart Pendant  This 10K zirconia heart pendant is just beautiful. My son gave it to his girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it. Looks like geniune diamonds. Has so much sparkle! <end>
 B000HVOZX0  Solid 14kt White Gold Pink Gem Star Nose Stud ||	  Very nice  I really like this stud. It's cute and you can see it. And the shipping was lightening fast. I was shocked it got here before Christmas and I can show it off. Beware of the size if you are used to a smaller size. This one is closer to the normal piercing size than the cheepies you buy in stores, so it's a little bigger and not as comfortable when first put in your nose. But after a few minutes it's fine and looks good too. <end>
 B000HX3AOS  Round Cut Citrine Peridot London Blue Topaz Three-Stone Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Pretty Little Pendant  Great stone combination in this pretty little pendant. The blue topaz is darker than photographed. In the photo it appears to be swiss blue, but it really is that deep, rich london blue. This is the first citrine I've gotten from Peora. Boy, it's really vibrant and golden. It's some of the prettiest citrine I've seen. <end>
 B000HX3AYS  Round Cut Smoky Quartz Three-Stone Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Nice pendant, but bad design  I received this as a gift. The stones are a lovely smoky quartz color, not a faded out version. The necklace looks very pretty. The problem, however, is that the loop that the necklace threads through on the pendant is like an oversized 'D'......with the flat part against the pendant, and the rounded part against your skin. It's so oversized that it means the pendant cannot lay flat, but instead will only stay on it's side. This renders the pendant useless, since no one buys their jewelry for the profile! I will have to send this back, unfortunately. A shame, since I got the matching earrings, and they are adorable! <end>
 B000HX3B3S  Trillion Cut White CZ Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful pendant  Bought this pendant as a gift and thought it looked far more expensive that it actually was.Very proud to give this to a good friend who loved the gift.The seller provided a first class service too. <end>  Beautiful pendant  Bought this pendant as a gift and wanted something that looked expensive and well made without paying a fortune and I was not disappointed. <end>
 B000HX3BQ0  Oval Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful Blue Topaz  This pendant has a beautiful stone. It is a very rich swiss blue color. This stone has no hint of green. It's color is deep and saturated true blue. 2.25 carats makes it a really nice size solitare. The setting is simple sterling silver. The bail photographs more pronounced than it really is. The entire focus of this pendant is the stone, which is extremely clear, vibrant, and very well cut. I have received many compliments. Peora, the seller, also makes matching earrings. I purchased both pieces. It is a lovely set. <end>
 B000HX3C32  Round Cut Garnet Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful!  I received this as a gift, and love it! Its a beautiful, strong piece. I would definitely recommend this necklace. <end>
 B000HX3C6O  Oval Lavender Jade Bead Filigree Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  lavender jade  I had a pair od lavender jade earrings and couldn't find a pendant to match. Well I did and it's beautiful and matches my earrings perfectly. Thank yoy. <end>
 B000HX3DPE  Trillion Cut Amethyst Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Lovely pendant  Mine looks just like the photos -- very nice! The included chain in your basic silver chain, thin & a bit delicate. Came in a pale purple box with purple ribbon decoration on top. Now I just need earrings to match... <end>
 B000HX58GG  Oval Cut Genuine Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Very nice  This setting is very pretty and shows off the gemstone to good effect. The topaz had very good color, and I've been impressed with most of what I've bought from Peora. Their amethyst and peridot haven't always had the best color, but their other stones, especially their blue topaz, have been quite beautiful. <end>  Beautiful  The picture does not show just how beautiful this pendant really is. The setting is not that icy white silver color it appears to be in the photo. The pendant itself looks like a white gold setting, so I put mine on a white gold chain. Just so you know, the chain that comes with the pendant is not 16 inches. It is 18 inches. The stone is indeed vibrant, very clear, and very well cut. The setting is solid silver and secure, and does really highlight the stone. There are no openings in the circle components of the pendant and the stone actually sits down into the setting. The bottom half of the settings is semi-bezel set, the top of the stone has a prong set. The back is open so that the light can reflect on the stone. Be assured, the back is smooth finished silver. The back of the pendant has a slight border so that it lies very nicely and comfortably against your skin, and it also serves to project the pendant very slightly. It is not flat. The pendant has an airy look, you can see some of your skin when wearing. It is a nice size. This is not a tiny pendant, it's lovely and feminine. I love good quality blue topaz, It is my all time favorite stone. I like diamonds, but I like blue topaz better. I was curious about the seller. So, I went to Peora's website and found out they actually manufacture their own jewelry and sell to retail jewelers. They are the wholesalers, that better explains why their prices are so unbelievably good. If you like excellent quality blue topaz, you will be pleased with one. <end>
 B000HX5A78  Marquise Cut Peridot Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great quality, great price  The necklace arrived two days earlier than expected and was packaged in a very nice box. The quality of the stones/chain was excellent. I've had it a month and worn it every day! <end>
 B000HX5AAK  Sterling Silver Trillion Cut Blue Topaz Pendant ||	  Highly satisfied  The pendant is very well-made, its color is heavier and looks more beautiful than it appears in the picture. Got it for a very reasonable prize. Totally satisfied. <end>  Lovely Necklace and Pendant  Pendant is a lovely size and design. I was going to give it away as a gift but have been complimented so often that I decided to keep it for myself. <end>  Matches earrings perfectly!  I am so glad that I bought this necklace (actually purchased two) because the necklace matches the earrings perfectly and makes for such a nice set for both me and my Mom. Just beautiful. <end>  Very pretty  This necklace is really cute. The chain is good quality for the price and the London Blue stone is a nice color. Definitely worth the money. <end>  Very Nice!  I bought this for my niece as a gift. It was in my Gold Box, and it had free shipping. It came quickly, and in the cutest purple box (with ribbon & flowers). It comes inside a plastic bag, not mounted in the box, which I appreciate. It means the silver won't tarnish before I give it to her at Christmas.I was very satisfied and intend to order from them again! <end>
 B000HX5ABO  Heart Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Steve  I was impressed with the brilliance and clarity of the gem. The silver was clean and shiny. It came in a very nice gift box, right on time as promised. <end>
 B000HX5AJG  Marquise Cut Amethyst Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Liked the design  I loved the design I bought the citrine and peridot versions as well. A bit smaller than I would like but color good and well worth the price. <end>
 B000HX5B2W  Three-Stone Carnelian Bead Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Nice & sweet  The pendant is small, nice & sweet. The carnelian beads are small but colour is deep enough to be seen from far. It's OK if you want something non-fussy. <end>
 B000HX79LS  Round Cut Genuine Peridot Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Stone color not brilliant enough  The design is nice; however the stone color is a bit of a dissppointment. It is a dull yellowish green and not very sparkly. <end>
 B000HX7D0U  Heart Shaped Amethyst Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful!  Fantastic again!Wonderful Christmas present and it looks much more expensive than it costs - amazing value for such a nice piece. <end>
 B000HX7D4G  Radiant Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Unique Design  This is a nice sized pendant. Uniquely designed, yet still classic...very updated. The stone is a beautiful, rich, radiant, swiss blue color. It's set in white gold finished silver. The photo is a good representation, but the pendant is prettier in hand. I see, it's currently sold out. I'm not, in the least, surprised. If it becomes available again, snap it up. You will be pleased. One thing though, this style comes in an amethyst stone. I believe it also comes in garnet and peridot. This seller has excellent quality jewelry and excellent customer service. <end>
 B000HX805M  Oval Cut Genuine Citrine Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Good buy  Most Peora pieces are good quality and this was no exception. Most citrine is heat-treated and this is probably not an exception, but the stones I've seen from them are still closer to a golden color than an orange-brown. The setting is particularly nice, and the silver is attractive. <end>
 B000HX80L6  Multicut Citrine Three Stone Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful  I gifted this to my mother over a year ago and when she wears it, I think it is gorgeous. It is her birthstone and am extremely pleased with this product. <end>
 B000HX810G  Princess Oval London Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful Color!!  Such a beautiful blue color - exactly as the picture! Very nice size and excellent craftsmanship. Have had many compliments from co-workers about this piece. <end>
 B000HX813I  Round Cut Garnet Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Everyone was pleasantly surprised.  My two kids encouraged me to purchase this pendant as a birthday present for their grandmother, everyone was pleasantly surprised.This is a beautiful item at a very good price. <end>  Lovely,Unique Design  Love the design! Stone size is ample (for the size of the pendant) and the setting is clean and attractive. Nice sparkle, nice rich red color. Really nice chain (most times pendants come with wimpy chains), this is a substantial, box-style chain. I got it as a gift for a friend born in January (birthstone), lovely product, good value for a gift. Super fast shipping, nice packaging/gift box. <end>
 B000HX814M  Round Cut Citrine Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very nice  I've bought a lot of Peora jewelry for various relatives, and most of it has been very nice. This particular setting is excellent as it presents the stone very well so it shows up better than most pieces of this size. This setting also looks great with Swiss blue topaz. <end>
 B000HXN9DU  Q-Link SRT3 Therapy Pendants ||	  Great little pendant!  I don't know all specs of the science behind the Q-link, however, I know that my people have worn copper on their bodies, dating back thousands of years. There must be something to it. I haven't had an allergy attack lasting more than a few hours at most, in the last year and a half since I bought the Q-link! I can concentrate better and indeed perform better at certain tasks. <end>  ASK MY WIFE  My wife can tell a difference in my behavior. She INSISTS that I wear it.GOLF = The biggest difference comes in the ups and downs. It reduces the adrenaline.Do not ask me how. I like the fact that it is a mystery to me.This is my second. <end>  Initially skeptical, but now impressed  Following a recent surgery with complications, I starting having some problems with stress, fatigue, and difficulty focusing. My physician performed several tests and found nothing that would account for my ststus. This was a surprise as I am not the type given to hypochondria or somatization.I decided to look at alternative solutions to my problem. After reviewing several types of products dealing with bioenergies, I thought I'd do a trial of the Q-Link pendant. With a 90 day return policy, I had nothing to loose.Within 2 days, I noticed feeling much more relaxed, less fatigued and actually able to sit and read a book for an extended period of time. My wife, who had been out of town on a business trip, even commented on how much less stressed I seemed to be.I'm impressed. So much so that I just purchased one for her.Ignore the detractors who likely have never tried the Q-Link and don't be dissuaded just because the theory on why it works is difficult to understand. With their money-back gaurantee, you have nothing to lose. <end>  Nothing  I bought this product several years ago from their website. I try and use it but everytime I do it causes me to feel out of it. Maybe it works for some people, but for some reason it causes my thinking to become more foggy than clear??? <end>  amazing product  I work at a radio station and I'm surrounded by computers and electronic equipment. I was experiencing headaches after work every day. I was sceptical about the product at first. My allergist tested my biofield with and without the q-link. There was a major improvement while wearing the q-link. This is a must-have for anyone who works in front of a computer. I no longer have headaches after five hours at my radio station! <end>  EITHER scam or legit  LOOK AT UPDATE 1/17/2010 BELOW LOOK AT UPDATE 1/17/2010 BELOW NOTE  I only tried the SRT2 version, not the SRT3.HOW I FOUND IT (eBay) I had heart palpitations and high blood pressure, and thought it was caused by parasites (upon reading about them). So I looked on eBay and found a formula sold by [seller]. I looked for other things he sold, and found he sold the qlink. I was skeptical about all the claims, SO I LOOKED HERE ON AMAZON and read all the reviews. Lies by the sellers? Could be. Legitimate? Perhaps.PERSONAL FINDINGS So I wanted to try it and see for myself. At first, it seemed to feel good for my heart wearing it, esp when sleeping, where the device stroked next to my heart. But I understand there's personal placebo effects. So I took it off to see what happens. I did feel a difference, but I conclude it's placebo. I tried it again and took it off again.... it's so hard to tell between placebo and not.WHY I THINK IT'S A SCAM Unfortunately, such items can easily exploit the placebo effects, and claim that it works. How do we really know it's not placebo or not?For one thing, the device disobeys electronic conventions. There is no battery, the circuits are not connected, and there looks like a isolated resistor in the middle that does nothing. They claim it uses quantum technology, but if that's true, how would we know?Well, since it claimed that it stopped EMFs, I tried to do a test the best way I know how. I placed it next to a WiFi access point and tried to see if it made the laptop reception worse. It didn't at all.I understand that some qlinks come with an EMF instrument. I never got it, and I don't know if it works.Anyhow, since I didn't know what else to test, I wanted to return it after months of trying it on.Long story short, I tried to return it, but seller never refunded the qlink and the feedback period closed on me, so I couldn't leave bad feedback.See that's the problem with such devices.... you test it out to see if it really works, but it takes like a month, in addition, you have school/work, so your mind is on other things, then the feedback gets closed. I think that's why [seller] and others have such a high feedback. Some people get fooled, and because [seller] is so nice, they leave a nice feedback. But when others try to return it, the feedback time gets closed on them after they try to test it.CONCLUSION I feel it doesn't work. Did I mess something? Perhaps, but more likely not. If you think I missed something, then please reply back and tell me. I'm very open but I don't want to be deceived and others to be deceived while the deceivers make millions.If you are unsure about this device, but after reading my review, still want to try it out, MAKE SURE YOU ORDER through ebay, and have a way to TEST it within like a week. If nothing happens, THEN RETURN IT and in 3 days or so report negative feedback, if they don't refund. BE STRICT or else you'll end up like me.UPDATE 1/17/2010 Recently, I took Electromagnetism in university physics, and found that current is ACTUALLY induced in a coil when the coil is rotated around in an magnetic field. This is FACT, and you can look it up. It's how electric generators produce electricity!So I decided to buy another qlink to give it a second chance. Eh, still didn't feel a difference, even after several months. But after going through the physics course, and after a bunch of negative ratings on my review, I've decided to write this update and change my ratings to 3 stars instead of 1 on all my reviews.In general, I don't like myself and others being deceived, and I HATE SCAMS and scammers getting rich, and so that's why I wrote the negative review to have buyers beware. (I gave a ONE star to balance out the POSSIBLY deceptive reviews).BUT if qlink ACTUALLY does help people, then qlink company should do a better job to PROVE to users that it works by allowing them to see things for themselves, rather than trying to convince us that it works. For example, I like the EMF finder device sold with the qlink on ebay. Also, qlink company SHOULD recommend ways to *prove* this device works... if feeling improvements doesn't reveal anything, like myself. Another way is for qlink company to find some stress test to perform and have the users feel the difference w/ and w/o the device. I know no best stress test to test.I am being honest, and if people don't value honesty in this world, then screw the world.-NVS <end>  Great Product - You can use muscle testing to verify!!  I purchased a Q-link after wearing it while muscle testing with electronic equipment. Once I started wearing it regularly, I found it allowed me to focus more clearly while working around computers, cell phones and other electronics, and I had less fatigue in the evenings. The only thing I did different was to wear the Q-link (classic). Everyone I tested this on found the same thing - their muscles weakened when not wearing the Q-link, yet they were able to maintain muscle strength with the Q-link around their neck.Unfortunately I left my Q-link in a Hawaii hotel and they were unable to "find" it. Right. Anyway, I noticed an immediate de-focus and less clarity while working around computers. Thank goodness I was able to re-order. I wasn't much of a believer in the whole EMF thing until after I'd been wearing this for about 3 weeks. <end>  Q-Link is a keeper  As a computer technician, I do quite a bit of "radiation tanning"; as a result, I used to leave work just exhausted. I purchased this item on a recommendation from a Kevin Trudeau book. After wearing the Q-Link pendant, I am not exhausted at the end of the day. At first, it wasn't noticible, because it's always easier to notice negative things than positive things for some reason; however, after I wore it for 2 weeks and then didn't wear it one day, I noticed the difference very definitely.One thing I will point out about this pendant is that it did not arrive with the oxidized silver chain as featured in the picture; it came with a black nylon cord. When I contacted Iroams, they responded immediately by sending me a shiny silver chain. While not the oxidized chain advertised, it was a chain that fit the very small opening in the pendant, unlike any chain I could purchase somewhere else. Something to keep in mind if you are wanting the specific chain in the picture and that is described in the details. If not for the incident with the chain inconvenience, I would have rated this product at 5 stars. <end>  Q-Link SRT3  Tried the product for 90 days, felt no difference. Asked to return bracelet, company rep talked me into to trying it for 30 more days. Still no diffrence. Sent bracelet back almost 2 months ago and still no credit. Always the usual answer. Credit will be issued shortly. I would stay away from Q-Link. <end>  Remarkably affecting technology  Hi everyone-Disregard the other uninformed review; "high-tech" appears to be misused; I suspect the reviewer may mean "new age"; I also suspect he has never worn a Q-Link nor read any information published about a Q-Link; a pity someone so ignorant is permitted to opine on anything beyond his name and/or his birth date. The Q-Link is a remarkable product; and no more"high tech" than a computer (suspect -- we should stick to the clay tablet and stylus) or the telephone (silly -- two cans and a string should suffice) or a ballot/voting machine (we should all raise our hands and pray that those in Washington D.C. can count) . . . .EMF protection is a burgeoning science; why? Because electromagnetic pollution is real and affective; but please don't buy my opinion -- look it up; and keep an open-mind. <end>  Very Effective for Several Years  I began with the basic pendant (the black plastic one), graduated to the silver one, and am now wearing the stainless steel bracelet. I have noticed a major difference in my energy levels since wearing a q-link. I used to find long-distance driving exhausting. I would get out my car light-headed and staggering. With the Q-link I don't have the problem any more. It also reduces my jet lag. Moreover, I don't get tired working on my computer for hours. I have a had very good success with my Q-link and wouldn't be without it. <end>  my chiropractor notices the difference when I wear my Q-link  I've been wearing a Q-link pendant for several years, as has my husband. We feel better and more energetic from wearing them. When my chiropractor was performing muscle testing on me, he found that when I was wearing the Q-link it improved the results so much that it inadvertently masked a condition that I had and was being tested for. Now we make sure I remove the Q-link to get accurate muscle testing. This showed us the Q-link does make a positive difference.Another difference I noticed since wearing the Q-link pendant is that I can now shop in stores that have florescent lighting, whereas before I would get dizzy and disoriented, and would have to leave the store. <end>  effective EMF protection - IT WORKS!  my q-link pendant came yesterday and i put it on right away. it is AMAZING! check this out  http //www.emf-health.com/ watch the videos. the difference in blood testing is incredible. anyway, i feel so much better in less than 24 hours. i really feel that i am hypersensitive to EMF. i lived next to an electrical substation for over 8 years and that is when i was diagnosed with fibromyalgia. during that same time, i also worked in front of two computers and worked for the electric company at their data center and was surrounded by servers, routers, electrical equipment galore. during that time, my fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue, insomnia, GERD, and migraines increased in intensity. nothing was able to help relieve those conditions. it was crazy that i have had to live with those problems on top of heart palpitations, stress/anxiety, and most recently a rash when using my laptop, unexplained joint pain in my knees, pain/numbness in my feet, and nausea. so last night while wearing the q-link, i fell right asleep without any sleep meds for the first time in forever and stayed asleep. i woke up feeling really good and energetic. i am not feeling stressed. oh, and no rash/knee pain/foot pain/numbness from my laptop. no heart palpitations. i actually had more energy yesterday and i have more today. i will wear this forever and encourage people to purchase one. even if you cannot feel the results, they are happening in your body (see the videos at the link i included). i did take it off for about 5 minutes when i purchased a chain for it at the jeweler today. i started to feel 'off'. i got a bit queasy, my head started to hurt, i got dizzy, and my heart started acting up again. as soon as the q-link was on the chain, i put it back on my neck before completing the transaction. i will never take this q-link off, ever. <end>  amazing!  I've been wearing mine for about a month now. Here are the main things that I have experienced  #1 I work in a very stressful environment. I find myself the calm in the center of the storm. #2 I love espresso but I used to find I'd get slight heart palpitations. I no longer feel those palpitations. #3 My thoughts and speech are much clearer. <end>
 B000HYKAVI  Pumice Powder 4F Flour 200 Mesh 1 lb ||	  cost of shipping  $12.50 to ship is to much, 3.50 or 4.00 ok not 12.50. They should post the shipping charge. If I would have known I would have looked elcewhere. <end>  Hard to find.  I was looking for this exact product and had great difficulty finding it. It met my needs perfectly and was delivered very quickly. Perfect <end>
 B000HZ5ZLW  Dark Blue Lucite Beads and Crystals Nautical Sailboat Ocean Silver-Tone Toggle Metal Charm Bracelet with Anchor, Captains Wheel, Starfish, Seashell ||	  Nautical jewelry  This charm bracelet is cute. The charms are larger I thought than they looked in the photo. I found it too cumbersome but my little girl enjoys it. <end>
 B000HZE8GK  Enchantmints Prince and Princess Music Box ||	  Its .. ok  I read all the other reviews saying how this music box falls apart easy. So I bought it thinking I would not let my 3 year old play with it like a toy. Well, I was taking it out of the box, Puting her things in the drawer in the back. It broke. I had it 5 min. and it is broken. Now I wish I did not get it. On the up side, She just Loves it. <end>  Prince and Princess musical jewelry box  I ordered this for my niece for Christmas. I haven't given it to her yet, but I'm sure she will love it. It does not seem super-sturdy, but should hold up fine, as it's more of a keepsake than a toy. It arrived in good shape and worked fine right out of the box. It seems like a good gift option for a small girl (my niece is 5) who is into the "princess" theme. <end>  Sweet Jewelry Box  I purchased this jewelry box for my daughter because it reminded me of the one I had as a little girl. This is however, not quite as sturdy as the one I had. It is very pretty with the scenery on every side, but it is very lightweight and the outside covering is a type of coated paper. My daughter is very careful with the box, so it is still in perfect shape. I'm not sure how long it would last with someone who does not take care of her things. The music still works perfectly and she's had it since last Christmas. Keep in mind that it is quite small. I purchased it mainly because it is pretty and reminded me of my own, not because I thought she could store a lot of jewelry in it. I actually don't think she has any jewelry in it at all. She just enjoys raising the lid to listen to the music and watch the dancers. <end>  MADE THE DAY OF A 4-yr-old!  )  This is an adorable musical jewelry box...I love that it's unique and it was the perfect birthday gift for our 4-yr-old girl! It does have several little 'nooks' for storing little jewelry treasures, but the space is limited...we just planned on using it for her special chain necklaces (not the cheapy little girl dress-up stuff) and it's perfect for that. Great purchase and shipped incredibly fast.  ) <end>  Broke after an hour  You can tell a 5 year old to not over-wind a music box but they'll still do it shortly. <end>  Pretty box  I bought this music box for my eight years old. She is not a fan of castles and princesses, neigther fairy tails, but when she saw this box, she felt in love with it. She listens to the music all day and carry her box everywhere also likes seing the prince and princess dancing. Don't regret this purchaise <end>  Sweet toy  This music box is precious, and a nice change from all the Disney princess stuff. It's fairly delicate, but my 3-year old has so far been very gentle with it. It looks like it could break easily if it was thrown around. She keeps it by her bedside and we put a little battery-operated tea-light candle next to the mirror. She goes to sleep listening to the music and watching the dancing couple. The multiple hidden drawers are fun and she keeps little pieces of jewelry, coins, polished rocks, etc in them. <end>  Prince & Princess Music Box a huge 'Hit'  Our four year old granddaughter is fascinated with everything 'princess'. Her bigger sister has her own jewelry box so this turned out to be a perfect gift. <end>  Itsy Bitsy!  The music box should come with a warning label  Item enlarged to show details. The music box itself is quite small. The storage space is virtually non-existant. I originally bought it as a gift for my niece, but needless to say, she never received it. I returned it because it barely had the capacity to hold anything molded larger than a ring. (No room for bangles here!) <end>
 B000HZI104  Singapore 10 Cent "Seahorse and Seaweed" Two Tone Coin Cut Out Earrings ||	  Given as a gift, recipient like it.  Bought this and related jewelry as gifts for family members. We thought they were very nice and they like them. The price is fair for what they are. <end>
 B000HZT900  Discontinued!!!!! ||	  Sorry Crosley, but this music box is garbage!  I see that this particular music box is currently not available and maybe that is because Crosley realized that they were trying to sell junk at an expensive price. I'll still post this review, just in case it reappears for sale. The "faux" wood of the box had blemishes that would not come off, and the "canned" pseudo music box sound was distorted and did not even come close to sounding authentic. I sent it back the same day and I will compliment them on their efficient and fast return/refund policy. In truth however, if this "music box" cost me only 10 dollars, then I could have expected no more than what I received, but that is not the case.Avoid at all costs should this product re-enter the marketplace! <end>  Looks better from a distance  UGLY. the detail is very ugly the coloring is of low quality. the figurines are not proportioned. the kids not on horses are as big as the horses. I did not like it. it was for a present but i could not give it because it was so ugly. The underside of the wooden box is cheap plastic and the music is fuzzy and unclear. It would be more entertaining to burn a 50 dollar bill than to give 50 dollars and own this box <end>
 B000HZWXP8  Crosley Dancing Ballroom Music Box Musicbox w/ 16 Tunes ||	  Crosley Ballroom Music Box  A delightful machine. The woodwork and finish is well crafted. The ballroom scene and dancers are wonderful as are the 16 music discs. Excellent music box sound. We are well satisfied with our purchase. <end>  Really classy gift  I bought this for my mother and I couldn't have picked a better gift. She loves it. It has excellent build quality and a really nice finish. Very classy looking and just so happens to match her existing furniture. Came with many more musical disks than I was expecting. For some reason I expected the disks to be metal and gold plated, but they are actually plastic. Not a big deal considering there would probably be fewer disks included if they were metal. Overall very satisfied. <end>  Lovely gift!!  Anyone considering this box would not be making a mistake. The tone and cadence are very nice, there is a selection of disks, and you can keep playing each song (unlike clocks that shut off, and you have to keep pushing the demo button). The figures waltzing in the soft light create a lovely old-fashioned tableau. My husband got me this for Valentine's Day. This is better than a regular music box as it is more interesting and plays more songs. Especially for the money, it is great for any occasion as a keepsake from spouses or other family members.Hope S., PA <end>
 B000I0M2PS  Silver Knot Cufflinks ||	  High Quality  I bought a pair of these for my husband for his birthday and he really liked them. They are just the right size and color. The classic design makes them wardrobe staple. The quality is excellent! <end>  great buy  Lost my original buttons for my french cuff shirt. Got these classy silver knots and am very happy. Strongly recommend! <end>  Love the silver cuff links  These cuff links pairs perfectly with more casual shirts. It's not as large as other cuff links out there though and a shirt with large french cuffs won't work too well. <end>  Great classic cuff links  I bought these for my husband for our wedding (you know.. tying the knot! ha) and they were really nice. Classic looking and a great price! They came in a nice case which was kind of like a jewelry box and spring loaded, which ended up breaking pretty quickly, that was the only downside. My husband still wears these often and they look nice every time! <end>  totally worth it  I bought these as a gift and they look really nice and very presentable in the box. I almost want a pair for myself now ) <end>  Pleasantly surprised!  I bought my husband a shirt that required cuff links. I didn't want to spend too much, but I wanted to find something that was of good quality and professional looking. These cuff links were a pleasant surprise. They were on sale, they are bigger than they seemed, of good weight and very professional looking. I expect to get many good years from them <end>  Cuffs  The cuffs arrived quickly and were exactly what I expected. They are well made and look great. The price was also perfect. They can be worn with any shirt or suit. <end>
 B000I0M2R6  Timeless Round Silver Catseye-style Cufflinks Framed silver-tone by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Sliver Cateyes... objects in mirror may be larger than they appear...  Its been years since I wore cufflinks, but with the [re] introduction of french-cuffs into the market, they became a necessity. Cuff-Daddy had a more than adequate variety of choices to ponder over.The Good  Clean, shiny, stylish. The "cat eyes" virtually flawless, and look sharp. Fairly inexpensive.The Bad  A little larger than I'd have thought... which only means I'll use them less than I thought. Felt-like case was a nice touch-though a bit cheap.The Verdict  Good cuff-links that go well with nice shirts, even if a bit larger than expected. <end>
 B000I0O30A  Neutral Tan Oval Catseye-style Cufflinks ||	  A little small but they look fine  I thought they were bigger, but they look fine on dress shirt and yello-brown tie? the box were they came is nice and would be an excellent gift <end>
 B000I0PFD4  Flared Blue & Maroon Enamel Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Great product and service  The cufflinks I ordered were just as pictured on the website. They were also delivered very quickly. <end>
 B000I0PFFM  Hallucination Blue & Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Beautiful  These cufflinks are beautiful and make a statement which has been noticed by many people. Beautifully crafted, thanx for the prompt delivery and service. Already recommended CuffDaddy.com to a couple people. <end>  Fairly Nice Cuff Links  Bought this pair of cuff links for my wedding. Loved the picture shown, but when they arrived they were slightly less... impressive. The light blue color in particular seemed to be painted on or something. In all fairness, I wouldn't have noticed if I didn't stare at them obsessively very closely, but it did bug me once I knew. They came in a fairly decent case, if I remember correctly. I'd easily wear these to a formal party or for a night on the town.The only thing I forgot... my tux didn't have holes for cuff links. D'oh! <end>  disappointed  I bought these as a Christmas present. The image on-line made them look like they had glass on them. They were just painted metal and did not "sparkle". My grown son told me they were great but I was disappointed. <end>  I Love it  The blue with the silver are great combination on this cufflinks with curved surface that makes this cufflinks very fashionable and modern and any one can wear it young or old <end>  What I received is not at all what is pictured  The cuff links I received do not look like what is pictured. I can understand a slight difference I guess but the cuff links I received does not have any black, brown and is a different design then what is pictured. The only similarity is the shape of e link and that the one I received has blue in it.I would return the cuff links but I don't want to eat the shipping for both ways. <end>  Beautiful cufflinks  BUY!. These are beautiful, well made, and I have received a ton of compliments. I would recommend them to anyone. <end>  Satisfied  I know a lot of people complained about these cufflinks and how they aren't as shiny or eye grabbing as the picture. Naturally companies try and make their products look even better than they really are, have you ever gotten a Big Mac that looks like it does on the commercials? I didn't think so. These cufflinks are very nice and still draw attention. I'll admit that the blue color in the corners is a little bit lighter blue than the picture, but other than that they are exactly as pictured. The silver is very shiny and the blues look like they were glitter painted on with a clear coat to make them brighter. The are professionally done with no sloppy paint jobs or anything. All in all these are really nice cufflinks for $30. Considering I've bought pairs for $95 that didn't look half as good as these I'd give this item an A- and would definitely recommend them to anyone who wears cufflinks regularly like myself. <end>  Simple and Stylish  The only complaint I have about this is that the bars you turn to hold the cufflinks in place are rounded and short so occasionally, they slipped out. I never lost one, but found myself having to readjust it now and then. They work well with a lot of different color shirts I have and are simple, yet stylish, which is a combination I like.You can find a much nicer pair for the price. They aren't worth $30 to me, but if you can find them for $20, I'd say that's a good deal. <end>
 B000I0PFYI  Solitaire Blue Crystal Cufflinks Framed silver-tone by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Scuffed the First Time I Wore Them...  I worn these cuff links 1 time and they got so scuffed from rubbing on my desk that I was not able to wear them again. Very poor product. <end>
 B000I0PG88  Trendy Pink Rectangular Catseye-style Cufflinks silver-tone Frame by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Beautiful Cufflinks  Very happy with these cufflinks they arrived in a small box and were shipped to me within the same week my order was placed. They look great on the shirt I bought them for. <end>
 B000I0SZQ8  Silver Cylinder Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Looks good and perfect size  Bought these for my wife and I've actually used them as well. Size is perfect and looks good. What else can you ask for. <end>  My new favorite links  I do not agree with the review that these cuffs are too small for a man. I wear them with a business suit and tie regularly, and feel they are the perfect length at about 3/4-inch or 2 cm. But also, I am not a fan of large flashy cuff links. These are for a more conservative, yet sophisticated look. <end>  Nice, but probably better for a ladies shirt  I bought these for my husband and they are really tiny. I think they would look great with a ladies french cuff shirt, but they just seem very wimpy for a man. They did ship as promised - in a nice box and on time. <end>  Classic Silver Cylinder cufflinks  Product matched description perfectly. It was exactly what I was looking for. It arrived on time and in excellent condition. <end>  Solid product for the money  Nothing too fancy -- just a great pair of cufflinks that look great. They look like others for which I've spent twice as much. Nice presentation box also -- makes it a lot harder to lose them. <end>
 B000I0YYNG  Sterling Silver Flower Pendant With Peridot by Zina, 18" ||	  small but lovely  the pendant was a little smaller than I expected, but lovely nonetheless. <end>  Beautiful!  I purchased this pendant for my granddaughter with Amazon's 30% discount. The silver is substantial, and the chain is not too delicate for a young girl. I'm watching for the earrings to be discounted so I can get those as well. <end>
 B000I28DYU  Stainless Steel Carved Out Peace Sign Pendant 24mm- JewelryWeb - JewelryWeb ||	  Just had to add my two cents.  The workmanship on this peace sign is simply wonderful--it is smooth, glows with a soft shine, and looks wonderful on a black lapel (you have to provide your own pin, as it's meant to be worn around your neck). Thank you so much! <end>  peace pendant  just what i was looking for. i use to wear one out of a soft metal(lead) that the chain cut through. This is much better <end>
 B000I29YX4  Pearl earrings, 'Wind Chime' 0.8" W 2.9" L ||	  Wife loves them  This was one of my wife's Xmas presents. She likes these the most. Nice product. <end>
 B000I371BK  Sterling Silver Teardrop Shaped Amethyst, Citrine, Topaz & Peridot Gemstone 1.5 inch Long Dangle Pendant ||	  Exactly as pictured  This is a pretty pendant that seems to be very good quality. I ordered several items because of special deals that amazon had running. All my orders were placed on the same day, from various dealers. The reason why this pendant got 4 instead of 5 stars is that all the items from this company arrived nearly 2 weeks after all the other items I ordered. It seemed very slow to me. I guess I have been spoiled by amazon's normal delivery time.On the plus side, if you are patient, the quality is very good from this company. It may be well worth the extra wait time. <end>
 B000I3KHOI  Amazon.com  Circle of Love Necklace Austrian Crystal Rhinestones  Clothing ||	  the photo doesn't show it's true sparkle as it does in person  I bought this item to surprize her on our vacation....I know she will like it. 0) <end>
 B000I3NT4S  Sweet 16 Birthday Bracelet - 16th Birthday Gift ||	  sweet 16 bracelet  very disappointed with this brqcelet the 16 charm was not on straight. as i tried to straighten the charm it broke off of the bracelet. i took it to my jeweler and he stated it wasn't even sterling silver. what a rip-off. he said the whole bracelet wasn't worth more than $5.00 . it cost me additional $10.00 to repair a new bracelet. i had no choice as it was a gift for my niece and godchild. i wanted it to be special. i don't know how you get away with selling such inferior products! <end>
 B000I3P5VS  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Little Bear Feburary Purple Swarovski Crystal Birthstone Body Jewelry Rhinestone Dangle Belly Navel Ring ||	  My niece loves this!  I purchased this for my niece. Her birthday is in February, so this was ideal for her. She loves it. It was a great gift idea for her. <end>
 B000I3P6A8  Pugster 22k Golden Plated Half Wing Clear Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent And Pearl Brooches Pins ||	  Excellent in every way.  I always send Pugster gifts now - they are beautiful and the service is excellent. <end>
 B000I3SG64  Pugster 22k Golden Plated Wheel Bicycle With Clear And Light Red Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooch Pin ||	  lovely but quite large  We loved this, but my mother felt it was a bit too large to wear. It is a lovely piece of workmanship though. <end>  Gift  Very pretty, just what I wanted seems made well and looks like it cost alot more. i am very pleased <end>
 B000I3U50E  Pugster Crystal Turtle Animal Brooches & Pins ||	  Unsatisfactory Service  Pugster is a poor representative of Amazon. This item was ordered as a Christmas gift. The incorrect item was delivered. Not only did Pugster send the wrong item but they included the invoice with the price. Attempts to reconcile this mistake in a timely manner were unsuccessful. I am not sure that the correct item was ever delivered and I am much too embarrassed to ask the person and inquire about the quality of the product. The only part of the transaction that occurred immediately was posting the cost on my credit card. <end>  Christmas tree pin  bought for mother in law for 2008 Christmas - good gift for an older woman <end>  awesome, vibrant pin!  This is a fun, colourful and well-made Christmas tree pin. I love that it has some orange in it (an underused colour!). Good buy. <end>
 B000I5PXRW  Leather earrings, 'Red Lipstick' 0.6" W 1.4" L ||	  Very Nice  Arrived timely and as expected. The recipient loves them and they look great on her. There is one minor flaw--one earring's leather is dented in, but did not bother us as we know they are handmade. <end>
 B000I5QW1S  Solid 10 KT Yellow Gold Toering Filigree Toe Ring 10k ||	  wrong item  I ordered this toering and was shipped a different one with a lesser value. I called the company direct and they were very helpful in trying to correct the situation, however, they no longer have this particular item in stock. Needless to say I am disappointed. I decided to keep the one they did send and they are supposed to credit my account the difference in the price. <end>
 B000I691FQ  Pugster Gold Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Gift Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  Great!  Turned out to be better than expected. Looks real, fits well, all together pleased. No one can tell it's not the real thing. <end>  I finally got what I wanted  I received this lovely ring in record time and in perfect shape. It's exactly what I wanted and it was on my finger in seconds. Over the years, I've put on some weight and could no longer wear my original set. This is a wonderful replacement.LK <end>
 B000I6FMIQ  5-Speed Gear shift Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Great Gift  This was a gift for a car salesman, and he loved it. Just as I thought he would. It stands out when he wears them. <end>  Nice cuffs for the car lover.  I have a 5-speed Subaru WRX. I love driving that car. I wanted a pair of cuff-links that were not too flashy and went with any outfit.This was the perfect fit. Good build quality and design. I've worn it a ton of times. Great conversation starter to meet other car nuts. <end>
 B000I6ORNC  Men's Titanium 6mm Box Link Necklace, 20" ||	  Good Chain  I was looking for a chain that was of a slightly different style (chain links were elongated and the metal was rounded instead of pounded flat. Like actual shackle chains), but that proved impossible to find, so I fell back on this one because it was the closest that I could find. It actually looks a lot closer to what I wanted than I thought from the image. Good thickness, 20" was too long for me but you can hook the lobster claw into any of the links to shorten it. Just tuck the extra links that hang down into the back of your shirt, you don't feel them. I'm an 18 year old male, this is just a family account. So this is a guy's perspective on it, in case anyone was thinking about getting this as a gift. <end>  Very Unique, Perfect for my Guy  I was looking for the perfect Valentine's gift for my guy. I've never seen him wear jewelry, but once he said he did have a necklace that broke a long time ago. So I searched different engines online, and when I narrowed my search down to a Titanium necklace, Amazon had the perfect one for him! I couldn't wait to give it to him, and now he won't take it off! <end>  misleading picture....  i love my new necklace! the only thing people should know is that the picture is misleading, titanium is not a silver color. so... if you are looking for a silver/whitegold/platinum look... this isn't it. but, it was exactly what i was looking for! <end>  Clasp broke the first time Husband wore it!  This is a nice-looking necklace. However, the clasp broke when my husband first took it off so now it sits broken on his dresser. This was a Christmas present to him. Usually Amazon sells high quality items so I was surprised. We paid $150 for it. I have to stop procrastinating and check Amazon's return policy or take it somewhere for a new clasp now. <end>
 B000I6PIDU  Millennium Collection Sterling Silver Spherical Pendant Certified Genuine Amber Cube ||	  Wife Loved it  Got this for my wife she loved it and she hates jewelry. Is a great everyday piece. <end>  my sister loves it  I got this for a gift for my sister with the healing qualities of amber in mind (use amber teething necklaces for the babes) it was actually a little bigger than i expected and i like the fact it floats around inside the spheres. my sis really liked it, it came with a nice authenticity card and i put it on a chain for her that was bought seperately. <end>  very cute  I love this piece. I love the box cut of the pendant. Very classy but fun with a great price. <end>  Very Pleased!  Purchased them for my wife along with the matching necklace. She is very pleased with them. Said she loves them and receives compliments. <end>  Happy Bday  My wife loves it, she has gotten several compliments when she wears it out for dinner. It looks more expensive than it really is <end>  Very Nice pendant  The design is gorgeous; the quality is excellent; the size is just right; I will buy more jewelry from this designer. thanks <end>  Nice with earrings  I bought this pendent and the matching earrings. I like the way the three dimensional sphere and cube shapes are used together in this pendent. I also like that the amber is free floating inside the sphere. Sometimes it make a tinging sound when you move. Looks nice when worn with earthy colors. <end>  Stunning!  Beautiful warm honey coloring with interesting occlusions in a unique setting. I purchased a longer chain than the one it came with. It's larger size kinda needs the longer chain. I love it and so does everyone else who has seen it! <end>  Jingles  It is very pretty and very different, however, when I wear it, it makes a jingle or "clinking" sound. It kinds of sits on my chest like a lump because of it's shape. Sort of awkward. Yet, when I look at it I think "That is REALLY pretty". Obviously, I have mixed feelings about it! <end>  CHEAP!  Just a cheap plastic thing, don't buy. dissapointed cause I brought it to Mexico and it will be harder to return. <end>  More beautiful in person  My tarot card reader told me I need to have amber on me at all times now that I've started my new job as editor of a magazine. It will help my creativity flow better. I have been searching for well over a month and finally found this beautiful piece.The cube in the picture looks pretty clear so I was nervous about not having any "trapped" debris, but when mine arrived (well shipped in a little black box inside a UPS mailer!) it had beautiful inclusions but not so many as to be distracting.I am excited to talk about my new piece and it WILL be on me at all times!  ) <end>  Beautiful  I both this pendant coupe of days ago and i find it beautiful mainlybecauseof its unique design and also of it,s amaising healing abilities <end>  satisfied after being disappointed at first  I was a little disappointed with my purchase however the customer service was great when I complained. They even went as far as giving me a full refund. I understand that mistakes do happen but when a company stands behind their produces it means a lot to me. Because of the customer service I will shop with them again. <end>  A beautiful little piece  It's a very elegant piece of jewelry with a rich genuine honey amber; outstanding value for its price. Looks very nice and unusual. Beware that it comes without a chain though. <end>  Sophisticated Yet Modern  I purchased this as a gift for my girlfriend. The amber cube is definitely a unique eye-catcher. My girlfriend loved it and has received many compliments on it. A coworker said she was distracted at a meeting because she kept admiring her necklace. The construction appears to be of high quality and has a good weight to it. As it does not come with a chain I would recommend the following if you don't have one http //www.amazon.com/SN030DC-Nickel-Italian-Sterling-Necklace/dp/B000GVMK8S/ref=pd_sbs_jw_1The item arrived carefully packaged with a certificate of authenticity for the amber. If you are purchasing this as a gift I highly recommend their inexpensive gift-box. It came in a little red box with a cute white bow wrapped around it.It was delivered well ahead of schedule. I had ordered this in the afternoon and noticed it was shipped later that same day. <end>  AM brme babe!  Very prettyMuch smaller than pictured but still a "stunner"Can't wait to wear it <end>  The best amber I have ever seen  The design is gorgeous; the quality is excellent; and the people are very nice to deal with. <end>  Cute, but not as cute as I expected.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice item, but I can't help but feel that it looks like plastic instead of silver. The amber inside is very nice but moves freely instead of being locked in place, which some might like. Overall it's a good piece. <end>  AMAZING!  I bought this item because it looked beautiful and was inexpensive. I was so surprised when it arrived! The necklace came in a beautiful red box and had a certificate of authenticity with it. The amber itself is the most beautiful I have ever seen - I love the design with the amber cube enclosed in the sterling silver sphere. It's actually bigger than I expected, and I get comments about it every single time I wear it. Mine did come with a chain (cheaper-end chain), but I put it on my own sterling silver chain. It's absolutely gorgeous and it definitely looks way more expensive than it is. <end>  Simple Beauty  Of all the items I was buying when I bought this, I do believe this one was one of the top two favorites. I'm actually wearing it right now, as I type this review. It's simply beautiful. And this one looks a little better in person. <end>  nice cute pendant..  cute pendant , looks like a small piece of honey colored glass, but for the price, its a cute accessory... <end>  Lovely little pendant  This is an attractive pendant for the price, and the piece of amber in my pendant is quite lovely with trapped items that shimmer nicely. Seems to be high quality. I'm very pleased. It is fairly dainty, not real small but not sizable either, so do note this. And it does click a bit inside the silver ball, which isn't a problem for me personally. <end>  unique shape  of course there is not much to say about it.i like the color, the unique shape and the size.so simple n elegant.i also got the earings but was not as good as this. <end>
 B000I7OQSM  Sterling Silver Hollywood Inspired "Precious" Engraved Ring, Size 7 ||	  Great Movie Memorbilia  After suffering through many cheap imitation gold rings that turn your finger green (Ew!), I finally stumbled upon a silver recreation that actually does the One Ring justice. Even though technically supposed to be gold (but it looks nice in silver), this is an affordable replica that is great for lovers of the Lord of the Rings trilogy. I choose to wear mine on a chain like Frodo, which shows off the inscriptions much better than on a finger. And it's sterling silver, so there'll be no residue even if I decide to wear it upon my finger. Recommended for anyone who wishes to not spend hundreds of $$$ for something they actually want to wear and display. <end>  I love it!!!  So much better than I expected from the pictures! It's shiny and beautiful. Definitely worth getting it because the price is much lower than the gold one and looks great. I am a LOTR geek at heart and ordered this for myself. My friend who is also a big fan is jealous.I got a size six because that was the only one available, but it luckily fit my middle finger perfectly. I have a pretty small hand. Even if it didn't fit me it looks great on a silver chain. I'm small and I was afraid it would look too boyish and heavy, but it didn't! So please with with! <end>  Nice ring  I got the ring as a gift for a LoTR fan. They loved it!!! Enough said. <end>  Amazing product for a great price!  When I originally bought the ring, I was very skeptical about it due to its low price tag. Yet the item pictured still looked better than other replica options. Now when I go the ring on the mail, opened the box I was completely surprised with the quality of this ring.It's great for wearing, collecting, name it. It is truly a great product! <end>
 B000I7OSBM  Tressa Sterling Silver Round Cut Bridal Set CZ Ring, Size 10 ||	  loved at first  i got this because my girl loved it. when it came in the rings were two different sizes and stones were loose. when it came back they were the right size but the stones were loose on both sets. it only took one week for stones to start falling off and my girl hardly even wore it. i would not recomend this product to anyone. very disappointed.A YEAR LATER AND EVERY STONE IS LOOSE AND 4 HAVE FALLEN OUT!!!!! WIFE HAS ONLY WORN IT TOTAL 2 WEEKS!!!! <end>
 B000I7P5BY  Tressa Sterling Silver Wide Star CZ Rimmed Pendant with Chain ||	  Jami's necklace  Jami really liked this piece of Jewelry. She wears it all the time and still likes a couple of weeks after.The costumer service from the retailer was great. We enjoyed it. <end>  star necklace  Very nice necklace. The only issue that I have is that the chain is sort of short. Otherwise, very nice <end>
 B000I7QH4S  Sterling Silver Glass Covered Heart with Bezel Set Jewels Inside Pendant with Chain ||	  very creative and wonderful. simple and yet very eye catching  also one of my favorite. the idea of nice cute little coloured stones in it, the sound of them when you move. I dedicated each stone to a person of my family I love. thanks a lot <end>
 B000I7ZD3Y  Stunning! 10kYellow-gold Black Hills Gold Square-cut Sapphire (September Birthstone) Women's Ring ||	  A sapphire for my wife  When my wife and I first met she had a sapphire ring, which got lost. It has been many years and I thought that I would try and find her a ring to replace the one that she lost. Amazon had an advertisement for a line of jewelry that they were carrying. I started to look through their line when this ring caught my eye. I purchased the ring and its beauty is second only to my wife. <end>
 B000IB2SN8  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Emerald Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia with 1mm Cubic Zirconia Polish Finish Rhodium Plated 12mm Mens Band Ring Size 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 ||	  Don't order it from this seller.  I order this ring size 9 the one I received was size 11! I already paid $5 for shipping it to my mailbox in the states then it was shipped to me in the Middle East for $8 so it isn't worth returning it back because ill have to pay for the shipping from the Middle East to the seller. <end>  I second the last and only review.  I was not happy with the item, sent me the wrong size even. I sent it back for refund, they sent the wrong size again. Now refusing to give my money back after I have spent more sending it back then it's worth. <end>
 B000IB3W2Y  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Polished Finish 6mm Mens Band Plain Stunning Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 ||	  Perfect  i got this ring engraved for my boyfriend for valentines and it was perfect!quick delivery and came in a fantasic ring box!will us you again <end>  Good Quality for the price  like the other reviews said, it's not as shiny as it appears to be in the pic but still it's good quality. My finance liked it a lot  -) <end>  tthe square band review  i really think the band is very stylish, and it fits vry neat...i truely am pleased with my purchase ...i will continue to look at the nice jewlery you guys have to offer....thank you so much for giving very professional service......i appreciate your service... <end>  Nice  )  I ordered this for my pinky and it fits great and looks good + it hasnt given me a rash yet  D <end>  Loved it!  This ring is fantastic, came in a beautiful heart-shaped box and is very very nicelooking. I'm 20 year old and got normalsized hands, and size 5 fits me perfectly!! I was worried it would be too big but it's exactly right!My girlfriend got bigger hands and she wanted it on her pinky finger, but it was too big for the pinky and too small for the ringfinger...so size five would have been great on her. she got big hands for a girl though.. <end>  AHHH DARN  i ordered this ring and it wasnt as shiny as i thought it would be. and it only fits my pinky. but the shipping was pretty fast. <end>
 B000IB91ME  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Cut Cubic Zirconia Marcasite 3mm Wide Band Polished Finish Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Very Nice for the Price  My friend just loved it when she got it and the ring is even prettier than it was online. Very Very satisfied and would definately order from here again. and plan to! <end>  CZ Sterling silver/marcasite ring  I purchased this ring and I was very happy because it is a beautiful ring. It's a little fancier than I expected so I will wear it on special ocassions. <end>  Very nice  A nice little bit of granny glam, I love marquisite. I wish the "Cubic zirconia" were a little shinier; it looks like it could be simply glass, as it doesn't have the clarity or scratch resistance I would have liked, but for the price, its still a lovely ring and very pretty on. <end>
 B000IBFTI4  Sterling Silver CZ May Birthstone Ring Necklace with 18" Figaro Chain ||	  JUNK! I wouldn't give this to the intended person because it's so low quality. Sorry I wasted my $$$  I am really disapointed in the quality of this charm. I have bought six others from different sellers and this was by far the cheapest quality for the highest price. I am sorry I purchased this item. I am so ashamed of it I didn't even give it as a christmas gift as I had planned.Save your money and shop around!!! <end>
 B000IBHM48  Sterling Silver Girl July Birthstone Necklace with Rolo Chain ||	  awesome  I had to order this off the internet because the local stores are no longer carrying this charm. it came in on time and was just as good as the more expensive ones from the store <end>
 B000IBL3D4  Sterling Silver Boy March Birthstone Necklace with Rolo Chain ||	  perfect little necklace  This is a great little charm necklace. It is inexpensive but not cheaply made. I have received many compliments on it. <end>
 B000IBL3MA  Sterling Silver Ruby Colored CZ July Birthstone Pendant with Snake Chain ||	  size surprise  I picked this out as a gift for my daughters' birthday,it is a lovely piece with style and craftsmanship,only much smaller than I pictured it being. <end>  Great Gift!  We bought this ruby necklace for my sister in law as a christmas gift, and she loves it. I find it hard to buy something for a 20 year old who doesn't have a huge wishlist, but this turned out wonderful!It was just as described and made a family member very happy! <end>
 B000IBOUTS  Sterling Silver Ballet Shoes Pendant with Snake Chain ||	  Well.  I liked the necklace, it was exactly what I was after. Whats better is she loved it. So no complaints here. <end>
 B000IBSZOO  Princess Cut Citrine Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  average earrings  nothing special about these. certainly could have used the money for someting better. <end>
 B000IBT1RE  Heart Pear Cut Garnet Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  wonderful  This was a gift and very well received - nice craftsmanship, stones well matched - definitely a good purchase <end>
 B000IBUMM2  Heart Cut Citrine Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  A Sweetheart Purchase  These heart shaped Citrine earrings were absolutely beautiful. I expected them to be okay, but they were infinitely better than merely okay. The vender shipped them quickly, and they were packaged well. I would recommend this vender to anyone. <end>
 B000IBUOY8  Princess Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful earrings delivered quick  No complaints. The earrings were beautiful and came in a very cute gift box which I did not even have to wrap. <end>  Petite but gorgeous  These are small, but really nice. They are a true swiss blue topaz, not at all washed out. The stones are of good quality and well worth the price. <end>
 B000IBUP2E  Oval cut Opal Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Great earrings  I bought these as a birthday gift for my Mother, her birthstone is an opal. The earrings were inexpensive and look great. The present went over very well and I would recommend this product and company to others. <end>
 B000IBUR5Y  Round Onyx Bali Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Nice  Bought these as a gift for my Dad's girlfriend. They look really nice, she says she has gotten quite a few compliments on them. The box they come in is cute too! <end>
 B000IBUR90  Bali Style Marquise Shaped Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Not what was shown in the picture  I really like the picture of these earrings and having received a gift of another Peora item, I was really excited to get them. I, however, didn't get what was pictured. The earrings are a diamond shape, not oval. The scroll inside is similar but not the same either. I was really disappointed! I like the ones that I got but I wanted what was shown; I have a piece that is oval and these earrings were purchased to go with that. I'm keeping the ones that I do have but I have to rate not as well as I would like simply because it's showing one thing and I got something different. <end>
 B000IBURS6  Huge Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver with Ball Accents ||	  Wonderful Earrings  These earrings are comfortable and easy to clasp on my ears. They are just what I expected. Very happy with them! <end>
 B000IBUTU2  Round Cut Amethyst Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Round cut amethyst ring  Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with this ring and this seller (Peora). The gemstone, Amethyst, is simply beautiful. It sparkles as brightly as shown in the picture. I'm really satisfied with the gemstone.However, the conventional wisdom of "you get what you pay for" rings true!! The only thing that I'm not happy with is the silver/metal of the ring. It's not exactly superior quality, or the 925 silver or pure silver or stainless steel that I'm used to wearing. The silver is thin and light and at a close distance, looks like plastic with the silver color sprayed painted on it.But since it's inexpensive and if you dont mind the silver being light, and plastic-ie, then this is a really great buy! <end>
 B000IBUUP6  Trillion Cut London Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Cute and Afordable  The product was sent in a timely manner and arrived in perfect condition. This piece is exactly as presented in the picture. Also very affordable in comparison to prices in stores. <end>  Silver ring  Love this ring; I bought it for my granddaughter and she wears it all the time. Super bargain - will shop here often, <end>  Surprised!  This little ring looks wonderful. I thought it might look cheap because of the price, but not at all! It was a great gift for my little sister! <end>
 B000IBUUY2  Round Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Stunning  I love this ring! It is so beautiful. The gem catches the light and has a fantastic sparkle. The band is nicely polished and shines just as much as the gem!The gift box is very cute. <end>
 B000IBUVLO  Oval Trillion Cut Citrine Amethyst Three-Stone Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  amethyst citrine ring  a very beautiful ring, love it, love the combination of purple with yellowish gems, overall a great buy. thank you. no problems with the order either. <end>
 B000IBUVNM  Oval Cut London Blue Topaz Ring Sterling SIlver ||	  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful, substantial ring - it looks way more expensive than it is. <end>
 B000IBUWDG  Oxidized Celtic Majestic Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful Ring!  This is one of my favorite rings! I have had it for over a year, and have received many compliments on it. Extremely good buy, for the weight of ring you get. The ring is 'heavy' without weighing your hand down.I wear it on my pointer finger, and it looks great!Highly recommend to anyone.... looks wonderful once you get it on, the picture doesn't do it justice! <end>
 B000IBUX44  Pear Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver Size 8 ||	  Love it!  I am so in love with this ring it's just too pretty. I love the color and the way it feel on my hand. I love everything about it. It's just a very lovely ring. <end>
 B000IBUY2A  Oval Amethyst & Heart White Cz Three Stone Ring Sterling Silver Size 7 ||	  A Great Reminder  After troubles with another online order, I placed this one with some hesitance. The ring looked nice in the photo, but would it hold up in real life? And, would it be shipped in a timely manner?Both concerns were answered when the ring arrived only days after the order was placed. Not only did it come in a cute gift box, it was more beautiful than in the picture. My wife loved it. It is a promise ring of sorts, after my initial proposal seventeen years ago. I told my sweetheart that this ring is a token until our twentieth anniversary, when I want to renew our vows before friends and family.Until then, this ring is a great reminder of two hearts joined as one. <end>
 B000IBUY98  Oval Cut Simulated Ruby Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Stunning!!  This ring is beautiful and i love it. It looks just like it do in the picture and it's not a flaw or anything wrong with it, it's perfect. <end>
 B000IBUYMK  Men's Round Cut White Cz Titanium Ring Band Size 9 ||	  GREAT VALUE  For the money, this is a great ring. My husband loves it. <end>
 B000IBVOK6  Round cut Citrine Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Lovely earrings  Round Cut Citrine Flower Earrings Sterling SilverThese earrings are lightweight so pleasant to wear...the design is unusual and the stones are bright and pretty. Am always quite satisfied with items purchased from Peora. <end>
 B000IBVPFA  Multicut Citrine Garnet Dangling Heart Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Lovely, delicate earrings  As usual for Peora (seller), these earrings were exactly as I expected and came in a lovely presentation box. I have bought many pieces from this seller and they always come very quickly and packaged well so that the inner presentation box is never damaged. Shipping is free. These are not large, showy earrings. They are delicate and quietly beautiful. They would be perfect for Valentine's Day. <end>
 B000IBVPI2  Multicut Citrine Garnet Three Stone Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  nice earrings for the price  nice ones not the best i have ever gotten but not the worst either <end>
 B000IBVPIW  Oval & Round Citrine Three Stone Drop earrings Sterling Silver ||	  mom stole them from me  the earrings are so nice my mom took them from me to keep for herself <end>
 B000IBVQ40  Oval Cut Amethyst Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Cross earrings  Marvelous, it was abit pricey, but the workmanship made it worth it, these are artfully done, & I highly recommend buying from this company. <end>
 B000IBVQ5E  Oval Cut Moonstone Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Great Earrings  The earrings are beautiful. They were packed well and I was delighted to get them so fast. (less than 7 days). I would recommend this company to everyone. <end>
 B000IBVQHM  Round Cut Peridot Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Gorgeous Earrings!  These were purchased along with the matching pendant as a graduation present for a special young lady. Well made, excellent quality and beautiful stones! She was very pleased with her gift and we were proud to give it. <end>
 B000IBVSP2  Round Cut Garnet Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Much prettier than the picture!  I bought these when they were on sale. I wasn't expecting much I just wanted a pair of earrings and they were on sale. They are amazingly lovely! They just shine and the color is beautiful. The silver isn't really thin, I don't know what that review is really referring to. I love these earrings! Most certainly worth what I paid and then some. <end>  Nice Earrings!  Wasn't sure how nice they would look from the picture online, but they are definitely cuter in real life. Good deal for $10 too. <end>  Earrings to fit my early Christmas plans  I'm the modern Granny of the new millenium. There are lots of ladies in my family, young and old, who receive Christmas gifts from me along with a little cash (depending on if they have been "naughty or nice".) My plan is to give all of the ladies a pair of Xmas-red garnet earrings with some cash tucked into the earring box. Isn't that a much warmer gesture than the rather cold "money envelope?"(Check out the price of Hallmark-type cards & envelopes these days - expensive!)This style of garnet earring will be perfect for some on my list (I purchased three pairs).The garnets in these earrings had very good color, although the silver was thin. They are very light and will not drag down the ear. Super deal for the price ($9.99 on special)! The adorable gift boxes are perfect for holding the "Granny Bucks" with the earrings.People might not remember money gifts, but they will remember jewelry! <end>  Perfect weight, lovely finish, well made - Classy classics  These are NOT the junk jewelry too often found on the web. Mountings are well made, gems have good color and clarity, stones are securely set, length is perfect (for me). Very classy wrapping too, if you're looking for a special gift! Definitely a good product. I'll look for more from Peora. <end>
 B000IBVX4I  Pear Cut Sapphire Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Cute!  Cute little earrings that look very nice, especially for the price. And they come in a very pretty box. I think they're great, and would definitely buy them again! They arrived very quickly, too. <end>
 B000IBVXD4  Heart Shaped London Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  marvellous gift  The ring is marvellous compared to the small price i paid...just lovely...sent it out as a gift and the other person just loved it..thanks <end>
 B000IBVXN4  Heart Shaped Amethyst Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Gorgeous Ring  I bought two of these rings, one for my daughter(Her birthday was on Mother's Day this year) and one for me. They are absolutely gorgeous! The amethyst gemstones are a nice deep purple and the silver is very shiny. My daughter loved her ring and so did I. Now we have Mother-Daughter rings. <end>  Beautiful  I bought this ring as a gift and I was very happy to see it look like the picture that I was shown. I was a little hesitant to buy something like this online because i wasnt sure what to expect. But I am glad I brought the ring and so is the person I had bought it for. <end>
 B000IBVYK6  Round Cut Amethyst Ring Sterling Silver ||	  great seller  i order quite a bit off the internet.the sellers from amazon are the greatest. i ordered this item then i had it in afew days so fast and i got a discount with this seller i couldn't ask for more. thnak you your the best. <end>  Darling, dainty ring!  This ring exceeded my expectations and is perfect for a pre-teen or teen girl, due to it's dainty size.The amethyst is a beautiful color and the setting is well done. Worth twice the price, easily. Very pleased! <end>
 B000IBVZZ0  Celtic Heart Knot Ring Band Oxidized Sterling Silver ||	  Love this ring!  My husband and I love this ring! Not only does it symbolize our love, but we dont have to worry about taking off an expensive piece of jewelry every time we wash dishes, or pull weeds! This seller was fantastic. I really really enjoyed this shopping experience! <end>
 B000IBW19O  Marquise London Blue Topaz Trillion White Cz Ring Sterling Silver Size 8 ||	  Ok ring  Stone is much darker than in the picture - almost navy blue instead of the medium. blue shown. Band is very thin and light, but fits comfortably. The setting is very pretty. Would have liked the stone to look like the picture which is why it didn't get a 5. A bit overpriced for what I got. <end>
 B000IBXF30  Round Cut Amethyst Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Loved the earrings  The earrings are exactly as described. They're high quality and I'm very pleased with the purchase. It was a pleasure doing business with this company. <end>
 B000IBXF62  Oval Cut Peridot Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  gentleben556  These were absolutly beautiful. I didn't want to give them as a gift I wanted to keep them for myself. <end>
 B000IBXFFS  Round Trillion Citrine Garnet Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Tiny but cute  I wear these a lot with jeans. I'm never good at visualzing the size of an item from the description so these earrings were smaller than I thought. But they are adorable. And I do wear them often. <end>  beautiful  They look better in person than the picture. I bought them as a gift but decided to keep them for myself they were so beautiful! <end>  Love them!  Cute silver earrings with just a touch of color from the citrine and garnet. Perfect for everyday wear. <end>  Lots of sparkle from a little pair of earrings!  These are great for everyday wear--they have lots of sparkle! They are a bit smaller than what the picture indicates...but they did not disappoint in any way. Glad I bought them... <end>
 B000IBXGIY  Round Cut London Blue Topaz Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Hi  I really like these ear rings but I love Blue Topaz. I got them to match my blue topaz necklace and I got a sky blue topaz ring and I just got a blue topaz bracelet. <end>
 B000IBXHDI  Oval Turquoise Bead Filigree Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful earrings delivered quick  No complaints. The earrings were beautiful and came in a very cute gift box which I did not even have to wrap. <end>
 B000IBXHW4  Princess Citrine Oval Garnet Drop Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful Colors....  I have the same pair of earrings in another color and I love both! The Garnet and Citrine are a perfect match. They are both neutral colors and go with just about anything in your wardrobe. Great style and lovely colors. <end>
 B000IBXI1E  Round Cut London Blue Topaz Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Stunning  These are very pretty earrings, especially for the price. They are a nice size, light-weight, and comfortable. Highly recommended. <end>
 B000IBXLPW  Bali Style Dangling Flower & Heart Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Adorable!  These are so cute and petite, and you can dress them up or down. Well made, too. I could wear these every day! <end>
 B000IBXP6W  Princess Cut Pink Cz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  VERY BEAUTIFUL!!!  I would have to say I have never purchased jewelry off the interenet before. I was to worried about getting jipped. Well I gave in and told my husband that I wanted this ring for Christmas and he looked at it and said it was pretty, So he got it for me. I recieved it today and I was surprised that is was prettier than it looked online!! It was BEAUTIFUL!! Great buy 5 stars for my hubby and we will order again from this company!! <end>
 B000IBXP9O  Heart Shape Garnet Ring Sterling SIlver ||	  id give no stars if possible  i bought this for my girlfriend 2 years ago and after years of wear and being lost for a bit now that she found it again and works in jewelry she has discovered that the for one its only silver plated and the stone is PLASTIC!! if you buy this check it. honestly except for the plastic part i wouldn't care its a good price its the lying in the description that upsets me. <end>  happy  I am very pleased vith the ring. The gemstone is sparkling and it is more beautiful than I expected from the picture. <end>
 B000IBXPAI  Oxidized Celtic Eternity Ring Band Sterling Silver ||	  Just what I wanted  Found what I wanted in a band. And it happened to be just in my size. It meets all of the descriptions, I'm very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B000IBXPP8  Princess CUt Smoky Quartz Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  smokey quartz ring  I bought this ring to go with a princess cut pendant and earrings. It complimented them beautifully. It is very delicate and can be worn everyday if you so desire. <end>
 B000IBXQP2  Oval Cut Ruby Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Needed sizing  Very pretty ring, but came a sa very small diameter and couldn't even be strethced so sadly had to be split.If it wasn't so cute. I would have returned it. <end>
 B000IBXQS4  Three-Stone Princess Cut Pink Cz Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Pretty but not adjustable  This is a cute ring but it is not adjustable and cannot be worn as toe ring. <end>
 B000IBZICG  Princess & Oval Cut Amethyst Drop Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful Purple....  I love the style and deep purple color of these earrings. They are so different but very pretty. I wear them often so I know you will love them. <end>
 B000IBZITY  Heart & Round Cut Pink Cz Dangling Heart Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Perfect  These are just what I was looking for. I purchased several pairs to give to my bridesmaids and I am very impressed. The earrings look beautiful and they arrived in cute little boxes each with a small satin ribbon. I was going to put each pair in a jewelry box but the boxes they came in are really cute. No comment on comfort, wear, etc. because the girls have not worn them yet and I doubt they will tell me if they are not comfortable! <end>
 B000IBZJHU  Oval Cut London Blue Topaz White Cz Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  I really like Peora's Blue Topaz  I really am pleased with these earrings. They have beautiful stones--very clear, and a great cut. The setting is done extremely well. The silver looks like white gold and I couldn't be more pleased with this purchase. The drop on these earrings are perfect, neither overlong nor microscopic. They are fine for work, dress, or casual. They have movement without being distracting. The design is updated classic. Peora is the seller. I was just surfing Amazon looking for Blue Topaz jewelry, when this company's designs caught my eye. I don't know how they offer such quality at such low prices, but I'm very glad they do. The delivery time was super speedy(2 days from California to Chicago, and we had a mini blizzard going on). I will definitely shop with them again. <end>
 B000IBZODE  Radiant Cut Amethyst Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Bought as a gift  My girlfriend's favorite color is purple. So it only seemed fitting to get her an amethyst stone. For the price this is a good ring. I dont remember how much I paid for it but I remember that it wasn't expensive. It brought a great amount of happiness to my girlfriend.The only reason I give it four stars is because it wasn't for me. So I never saw the ring. But from what I hear its great. <end>
 B000IBZP38  Round Cut Smoky Quartz Three Stone Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  cute ring  cute ring for the money. just wish I had paid attention to the fact that it only came in one size and that size was 2 sizes smaller than I wanted. still, it is a cute little ring if you wear a size 7. <end>
 B000IBZPHE  Trillion Cut Peridot Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful  I bought this ring for my sister as her first real piece of jewelry & it is gorgeous. I would recommend it to anyone. The photo doesn't do it justice. <end>
 B000IBZQVY  Round Cut White Cz Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Sz 10 ||	  LOVE IT!  Not only did the ring arrive several days BEFORE estimated delivery date (free shipping! Since when is free shipping quick?), but it also arrived in style. The adorable little gift box was safely sealed in bubble wrap, and not a corner was bent or dented. The ring itself is very comfortable. The band is dainty, but not flimsy or thin. The sterling silver is perfectly even and smooth. The cz is larger than I expected, with excellent clarity. I was worried that it might be too obviously fake (I need a durable ring that can take a beating for work, but what's the point if it looks like it came out of a gumball machine?), but the stone is absolutely brilliant. It sparkles and shines and looks very elegant on the hand. I wanted a sterling silver ring because I wash my hands constantly through the work day (and at home), and I HATE having to remove my rings every time I get my hands wet. I have many sterling silver pieces of jewelry and not one of them has tarnished from soap/water, so here's hoping that my little ring stays beautiful! Will update after a few weeks of hard-labor ;) As for now, however, I am extremely happy with my purchase and am planning to purchase from Peora again and again.*****UPDATE*****Ok, so I have lots of sterling silver pieces that I have been very hard on over the years. Specifically, I have two bangle bracelets and a ring that I have not taken off (not in the shower, pool, hot tub, not at work, not for sleeping) once in 5 years and neither of them has tarnished or ever irritated me one bit. I loved this ring from Peora, but realized after about two weeks that I could not be sleeping with it on because I was having an allergic reaction. Also, after a couple more weeks, I realized that washing my hands with it on was causing a finish to wear off of the back of the ring. This leads me to believe that there is some kind of plating, possibly rhodium, on the ring (typically used to make the ring look more like white gold and to hide imperfections). I am very upset by this because I LOVE everything else about the ring, but it is just not what I was hoping for. I have never had this kind of reaction/issue with any other piece of sterling silver jewelry, no matter how much abuse it takes, so I am disappointed. If you don't mind taking your ring off every time you wash your hands and you don't sleep with rings on, you shouldn't have an issue with this ring and it will probably last you a long time. It is even more gorgeous in real life than in the picture. But if you're like me, and want the convenience of sterling silver versus the side effects of wearing costume jewelry, it is probably not for you. When I purchased this ring, I checked specifically to make sure it was not listed as having any kind of plating. As I am now sure that it does, perhaps Peora should list the plating in the product description. It really is a beautiful ring, especially for the price, and I have gotten many compliments on it. Unfortunately, it only lasted for about a month or two. What a shame, I now have to buy something else! <end>
 B000IBZR9K  Princess London Blue Topaz & Round White Cz Ring Sterling Silver Size 8 ||	  Small Stones  Good quality, nice finish, but the stones are smaller than they appear in the picture. <end>
 B000ICFMOO  14 KT Yellow Gold 1 CTW Brilliant Cut 6mm Cubic Zirconia Earrings with Secure Leverback Findings ||	  Great value!  These were so pretty I ordered another pair for a friend. Great price and they could easily be mistaken for diamonds. But you won't cry if you lose one! <end>
 B000ICXIKY  Schylling Iridescent Ballerina Jewelry Box ||	  Darling little jewerly box for a little girl  This box was just what I was looking for. I wanted a simple box that played a tune when opened and a ballerina to spin around. It was for my 3 1/2 year old, so I didn't want something too fancy, expensive, or complicated that she would break. This fits the bill. She LOVES it. It is actually very pretty and the little ballerina is on a spring so she has some nice movement as she spins. <end>  Simple and pretty  I just received this jewerly box today. It is for my daughter's b-day. It did have a visible scratch, not happy about this but I do not have the time to return it as the b-day is around the corner. The ballerina is cute and simple with black dots for eyes and a little smile. The music is very clear and at a nice volume. The mirror inside is not a plastic immitation and looks nice. Overall, I like this box better than another bought at a higher price. It plays the Swan lake melody as described. The other one I ordered promised the same but plays something else, So I thought it is worth mentioning. It is a pretty box, and worth it. <end>  My niece absolutely LOVED it.  I bought this for my three year old niece and she loves this jewelry box way more than any of the jewelry that came with it. She adores just watching the ballerina twirl. She's pretty rough with it and it's not broken or scratched yet so I that makes it a durable toy. This was the prettiest ballerina jewelry box I could find on the net and in stores. <end>  iridescent ballerina jewelry box plays Swan Lake  The little 6 year old loves it a couple of weeks after receiving it. It is smaller than I had wished for ,but very pretty. I would not consider it a toy, but a special place for little treasures. The music from Swan Lake is very beautiful and not tinny. It was wrapped well and arrived in perfect condition in no time. I think I picked out the nicest of the jewelry box selection that Amazon had. <end>  ballerina jewelry box-pink  It was cute - but didn't last long. The dancing ballerina broke within days. Too much money for such a delicate childrens item. <end>  Good jewelry box for little girls  I bought this for my 10 year old daughter. She has other more expensive (and better made) jewelry boxes, but I remember having something similar when I was a child with the music and spinning ballerina, and I wanted her to have something similar. She takes ballet and I thought she would appreciate the music and "dancing" ballerina. The quality of the box is okay. The colors on the outside of the box don't appear as bright as the picture, but is still very nice, with a satin-like sheen.I would not expect this box to hold up to a younger child/toddler, it will hold up to be dropped but not thrown or held by the lid and swung around, and it will hold up to being used as a jewelry box (with constant opening and closing to listen to the music). In otherwords, if the child is old enough to use the jewelry box AS a jewelry box (and not as a projectile) then the box will hold up just fine.The music is clear and nicely played. This is a good starter jewelry box, it lacks the sophistication and space that would be appealing to an older child/teen. My daughter LOVES it, it will be something she remembers having as I do my old box (which was probably similar quality). I think as adults we would like the quality to be better, but a child would never notice, and the novelty of a music box with a pretty "dancing" ballerina inside is more than enough to outshine the "flaws." Overall I would recommend the product with the warning not to have high expectations of the quality. <end>  Big Hit with 3-Year Olds  Amid all the chaos of my grandaughter's 3rd birthday party - lots of kids - lots of excited noise I kept hearing the music from this cute little box I had given her. And, also among the guests, my other soon-to-be 3 year old grandaughter played with the music box every chance she got. I am buying a second one today for her. My hope is that the music box can survive all the love. <end>  Inexpensive not great quality. But, works for us.  My granddaughter just loves it. It's not the best quality but the price is right. And, at 4yrs old - not bound to last anyway. It's perfect for her now. <end>  A wonderful gift for a little girl  I sent this jewellery box to my 4-year-old niece for her birthday and she absolutely loved it. I was told that she squealed with delight when she opened the parcel and hugged the box like if it was the most precious jewel. It's a wonderful gift for any little girl who loves ballet, princesses and jewellery. <end>  Cute jewelry box  I bought this for my 6 year old niece & she adores it. She loves ballerinas & the color is very pretty on the box. It is big enough for her little amount of jewelry that she has now. She will eventually grow out of it but I think it should last her quite awhile. I think any girl would love this! <end>  Granddaughter loves it!  In my honest opinion if you are looking for a small jewelry box for a young girl, you can't go wrong with this one. Purchased it for my 3 year old granddaughter and I was extremely pleased with the purchase. It exceeded my expectations. I would highly recommend it! <end>  Schylling Iridescent Ballerina Jewelry Box  This product was a disappointment to me, and my granddaughter. It's not iridescent at all. The music is nice, but we were expecting something according to the description. <end>  Jewelry Box  The jewelry box was a nice gift for two sisters first ballet recital. It is not very sturdy and the key that turns the music on the back would come off. Later we found out that the girls were turning it the wrong way. Once they learn the proper way to turn it, it was OK. Nevertheless, it was the highlight of the party. <end>  Ballerina Jewelry Box  I honestly would buy this product again if it's available.A must have for any little girl who can appreciate it. It issturdy and a nice storage for jewelry. <end>  awesome gift  my little cousin who is my flower girl for my wedding loves this she wont let it out of her site =] <end>  ballerina jewelry box  I gave this to the flower girl in my wedding, and her eyes just lit up when she saw it! Arrived in great condition, music sounds great and ballerina dances beautifully! <end>  ballerina jewelry box  My grand daughter loves this musical jewelry box! I was disappointed that the tune is not the same as the one her Mommy had when she was little. But it is very pretty -- the irridescence makes it perfectly beautiful to a little girl! <end>  Jewelry Box  I bought this for a 7 yr old little girl who was in the DHS system and one of her Christmas "wishes" was for a ballerina jewelry box. It was very cute, shipped right away!! My only concern was that the tiny dancer might have been too tiny - maybe easy to come apart - but overall a great little gift!! You couldn't find this in the stores that is for sure. Thank you so much for helping make her wish come true!! <end>  present for my nieces  I bought this jewelry box for my nieces for Christmas and they LOVED it!! the outside is sparkly and its really fun! the ballerina is cheap plastic but I didn't feel that took away from the music box at all. Very pleased with this gift and my nieces (who are 5 and 7) were very excited when they got it! <end>  Love it  I got this music box for my not quite 3 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it. The key in the back to turn the music is easy for her to turn by herself so she doesn't need to ask each time the song finishes. Love it! <end>  Beautiful!  I saw this box in a toy store and fell in love with it. I ended up buying it on Amazon for a great price and I think it is beautiful. My daughter is in love with swan lake and I'm sure she will love to watch the ballerina on the inside dance and spin. This is not a toy so you have to keep that in mind. My almost 3 year old is going to break that little ballerinas neck in a matter of minutes I'm sure! <end>  Great first jewelry box  My 4yr old daughter just started dance class and we wanted to find her a ballerina jewelry box that was simple, this worked perfectly. She loves this jewelry box and has even taken it to school for show and tell. <end>  SO much better than expected  After looking through previous reviews for this product, I had second thoughts about purchasing it, but decided it was really cute so went for it...AND SO HAPPY I DID! The jewelry box was a MUCH better quality than I anticipated -the pictures were clear and the colors were bright. When my cousin opened the gift at her 5-year birthday, she was ENTRANCED by the spinning ballerina and the music. She LOVED it and kept opening it. Great purchase and I highly recommend it. <end>  Great 1st ballerina jewelry box  We purchased this jewelry box for my 4 year old daughter a couple of years ago and it's still hanging around. She loves to wind it up and watch the ballerina twirl around. Everything still works - the music box, the ballerina, the clasp. In fact the only thing wrong with it is the frame around the mirror is no longer intact. Which is the reason i gave it a 4 star. The outside is very cute/colorful. Every little girl should have one! <end>  Ballerina jewelry box  I gave this to my 4 year old granddaughter who loved it! I gave one to her mother years ago! For any budding ballerina! <end>  Lovely jewelry box  We ordered this and the iridescent fairy box for our girls ages 4 and 5. I was very pleased when I received these in the mail - they are beautiful, seem sturdy, and the music is lovely (Swan Lake). We've had them for three months - they're packed full of jewelry, listened to and watched regularly, and they seem to be holding up with no issues. Delivery was timely. Glad we ordered them! <end>  Poor Quality  This 'music box' is shoddily produced. But that could be forgiven. What is not forgivable is that the Swan Lake melody is not in rhythm. I have never heard a music box not play music but what comes out of this box is not musical. This box is thus not an appropriate give for anyone and is especially inappropriate for a young girl who loves ballet. <end>  Sweet, But...  This jewelry box is very sweet in it's appearance and it's design. However, the material is a joke!I was trying to find a jewelry box for my daughter for Christmas. I had actually ordered another box off Amazon (different design and manufacturer) and returned it due to a couple of different reasons (completely unrelated to these!). I only had a couple of days before Christmas to order one for my daughter after returning the other one and I was trying to find either a blue or purple one.So after my first failed attempt, I ordered this one. The outer "foil" (for lack of a better description) is a nice design. It's somewhat shimmery/metalicy if that gives you an idea.It does play Swan Lake. The sound is ok; it's what you would expect for the cost.Another reviewer had commented on it being made out of particle board or something of the liking. I decided to try it anyway. They couldn't have been more accurate. It is definitely like a cheap NON-wooden/durable material. You can feel it "giving" underneath. I can't imagine this will hold up for too long.Again, the design is really sweet for your little girl, but the quality is pretty much at the opposite side of the spectrum!*We did end up keeping it as it wasn't a small fortune and it was literally right before Christmas and I didn't really have any other options! <end>  Beautiful Ballerina Jewelry Box  I bought this jewelry box for my 5 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She fell in love with it even before she knew it played music. She told me it was her "bestest" gift EVER! It shipped on time and was well protected within the packaging. I would recommend this to anyone. <end>  Beautiful!  I've been wanting to get one of these for my niece ever since she discovered the one I still have from when I was little. I ordered a slightly cheaper one from a different seller who sent me the wrong product and I had to send it back, and it also looked super cheap. After ordering from this seller and receiving this box, I should have dished out the extra money to begin with. It's beautiful and looks much better made, and I know my niece is going to love opening this on Christmas day. <end>  Mirror Damaged, Check Your Return Date!  I ordered this for a Christmas gift for my 3-yo daughter. When she opened it I realized the silver paint on the sides of the mirror are all smudged and doesn't look great. Since it was around $12 (and she's happy with it) it was a low priority to contact seller for an exchange-- and now a month later getting around to it, I realize I'm too late. Check yours when it arrives! <end>  3-year old granddaughter loves it  My little 3-year old loves jewelry. She is also fancinated by the ballerina/music boxes in the Little Mermaid Video and Tinkerbelle Video. I wanted to find a jewelry box just like this one, twirling ballerina, music, inexpensive. She loves it and I love watching her with it! <end>  Ballerina musical jewelry box  Though it may not be the most durable, it is a very attractive and exciting place for a little girl to put her necklaces, expecially if she loves ballet! <end>  Three year old fun  This is a foil Ballerina music box. Shiny with a ballerina dancing inside. Adorable for a three year old and not a big investment for something that has to be wound up. Great to learn on, sure the hinges will wear out before the music stops <end>  beautiful piece  It's soooo beautiful,that I wish to have ....I bought this musical box for my grand daughter and she was very exited. The music is delightful and the box itself is very well made. I will recommend it to a friend..... <end>  Jewelery box  I got this for my 2 year old granddaughter she loves jewelry alreadyand she loved this box. It is not very expensive and she loves toopen it and play the music so I would recommend this box. It isa good one to start out with. <end>  Nicer than expected  I bought this for a 4 year-old, just wanting a pretty first jewelry box. The 'irridescent' outside of the box is like those foil-backed pictures grandma had. Very pretty, I expected a light glitter dust, this is much nicer. The little ballerina is just right. She's going to love it. <end>  Really beautiful  I am very pleased with this jewelry box. It is perfect for my 4 year old daughter I just hope she is careful with it. The music is lovely and the ballerina spins around until you close the box. It's a must for every young girl ! <end>  great jewerly box for small ones  this is a great jewerly box for small ones. I bought it for my 4 year old grand daughter and she loves it. <end>  Jewelry Box  I ordered this as a birthday present for my little cousin. I am really happy with this Jewelry box it looked even better when I got it than it did on the computer. <end>  cute but flimsy  Came to me with ballerina in pieces and rattling around the box, then when opened smelled strongly of mildew. I had to glue the ballerina together and spray it with perfume and air it out. I would have sent it back if it weren't so close to Christmas. <end>  Beautiful jewlery box  This purchase served my need. My 4 year old wanted a Ballerina jewlery box that played music. That is exactly what this is. It's not overly flashy, probably a more child friendly purchase, rather than "big girl" purchase. My daughter is going to love it!! It's just what she wanted. The reason I say it's probably not a "big girl" jewlery box, is because there's no storage inside, just a wide open box. It's exactly what we wanted though. <end>  Perfect gift for a little girl  I bought this for my daughters 4th birthday.The outside of the box isvery beautiful. The inside is what you would expect from a childs jewelry box-but does not look cheap or flimsy.Overall the product seems sturdy and well made.The ballerina doll spins fine and the music box has great sound. I was surprised actually how clear it was.The ballerina is painted plastic and an adult might not be impressed by the paint job but it is more than beautiful enough for a little girl-this IS,after all a childs music box. With room for probably 3 or 4 little girl necklaces.Mine came with a very small nick in it but i still give it 5 stars. It's a beautiful little gift for anylittle girl. <end>  Will truly enjoy!  I ordered this for a four year old who really enjoys ballerinas. I was very surprised at the quality of the box for the price. The music is very clear and I know she will absolutely LOVE it! <end>  Future Ballerina  This was purchased as a surprise gift for a five year old, aspiring ballerina. According to her mother she has enjoyed playing the music and watching the little dancer. I think this gift can serve as an unexpected treasure. It is small and attractive. <end>  Very Beautiful!  My 5-yr.old granddaughter loves this very pretty music box. It does need special care because it can break easy but she is very careful not to be to rough with it. The music it plays, and the dancing ballerina is a real plus! She puts her favorite jewelry inside of it. It is a very reasonable price for what you get because it really is a beautiful little box. <end>  Crowd pleaser  I bought this jewelry box for my nieces for being a flower girls in my wedding. They love them. It has plenty of room for their jewelry and the music is lovely. <end>  my five years old  She loves it!! A five yrs old knows how to take good care of it. She never twitches the ballerina, just watches it and listens to the music for a long time. <end>  a 4 year old  I purchased this for my 4year old goddaughter. Who currently takes ballet. She absolutely loves the box and i am very happy. She uses it for her little papers and earrings. <end>  Favorite Christmas Present  This was my daughter's favorite Christmas present. She carried it around for 2 days straight after Christmas, and has stored all of her "valuables" in it. The ballerina did pop off once, but we were able to re-attach her pretty easily. <end>  Wrong item, mysterious dust (?) inside  I ordered the ballerina music box but received the Fairy equivalent instead. This was a mistake I could deal with, considering my daughter likes both, but I would, of course, prefer the one I had picked out. Upon opening the box I must agree with some reviewers that the figure is rather disappointing, but what bothered me more was that there was some sort of dust inside on the velvet. It rubbed off fairly easy, but left a still somewhat visible mark, which definitely takes away from the aesthetics, not to mention makes me wonder if it's even safe for my daughter. I will probably be returning this item, which frustrates me even more. <end>  Not for pre-schoolers.  Thought it would be a lovely gift for my 3 yr-od, jewelry-loving granddaughter, nostalgic for me. Too small and too flimsy; it didn't last long. Amazon's service was excellent, as usual but the product was disappointing. <end>  My Little Ballerina Loves It  It's cardboard and can be destroyed by weather so tell your little ballerina to bring it back in after the teddy bear picnic or their might be tears... <end>  Christmas gift for granddaughter  My granddaughter liked my music boxes when she visited my home so I purchased this one for her. I was a little dissapointed with the covering. I am looking forward to seeing her again soon and will be interested to see how the box is holding up. Maybe a little overpriced. <end>  Cute  This music box is so pretty! The music is clear and the colors/decorations on the outside very shiny and beautiful. <end>  My niece loved it.  Beautiful in person... a great buy. My niece loved it she keeps on her dresser and loves playing the song. Great first music box. <end>  Jewelry Box a Big Hit!  Great product for families who have little girls who want to be princesses. Well made and provides a perfect compliment to make-believe clothes. <end>  Great gift  A great gift for our 4 and 6 yr old granddaughters. The box was exactly what we expected. Very satisfied. <end>  Good buy  Fairly well priced. Also I think it is nice to have the drawer feature. Our toddler girl likes it although lost interest rather quickly. <end>  Good Lord...is this the same ballerina that danced in my jewelry box some 40+ years ago?  There's something to be said for traditions passed down through the generations. I bought this for our 4 year old granddaughter. Her mom had one as a child and, many moons ago, so did I. Granted the style and graphics on the box have changed over the years; but I'll tell you...that darn ballerina looks just about the same. Gotta be getting tired, poor girl. I'm not kidding myself on the durability of this box and its little dancer. Maybe it'll surprise me and hang in there for a few thousand dances.I can't yet tell you the reaction it got from our granddaughter. It'll be filled with age-appropriate bracelets and necklaces and will be in amongst her other Christmas presents. My expectation, though, is that there will be plenty of squeals. <end>  A mule train would've been faster!  My five year old granddaughter loved the ballerina jewelry box & for the price, it was OK...it took forever to get here....way beyond her Bday....a mule train would've been faster! <end>
 B000ID3CBS  Sterling Silver 8mm Open Filigree Stud Earrings ||	  Cheap  Very pretty earrings. Unfortunately, the posts broke off on transit and were so small I couldn't reattach them. I've been very disappointed in my Amazon jewelry purchases overall. <end>
 B000ID3CEK  Sterling Silver Large Organic Ring Drop Earrings ||	  Not what I expected  These are not large. At all. And they aren't what I would call organic either. The earrings are very shiny and appear uniform; although if you look very closely you MIGHT notice the small difference in the shape that allows the adjective "organic" to be applied. One of the earrings has the 925 stamp on it and it is very visible because the metal is so thin. This makes them look cheap. Overall, they are boring, unsubstantial and conservative looking. I can't imagine I will ever wear them but don't want to waste my time returning them either. I am annoyed that I made this purchase. <end>
 B000ID4BHM  Sterling Silver Small Curvy Filigree Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  nice but needs a longer chain  It's a very nice but needs a longer chain at least for me. very well made. <end>
 B000ID70KW  Amazon.com  Prada Women&#39;s Plex Plane Pin, Giallo/Verde  Clothing ||	  great pin  I purchased this pin, even though it did not have all the details as the others its still a nice large pin to dress up yout t-shirts. the reason only 4 stars the color inside is not blue its a emerald or a x-mas green <end>
 B000IFXF18  Large Red Matte Millefiori Heart Pendant ||	  Out of Stock, not listed that way  I purchased this Item at the beginning of the week and it took them 5 days to tell me it is out of stock. Why the item wasn't originally listed out of stock is a wonder to me. I would skip this company. <end>
 B000IG9LH4  JJ Weston silver plated cufflinks with compass points and horizon with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  Nice  The white was a little more yellow but it came in good time and i was pleased to get it. <end>
 B000IHFO9C  Amazon.com  Miu Miu Women&#39;s Set of Four Pear Show Pins, Arancio/Giallo  Clothing ||	  timeless pins  WOW! This set of four pins can be worn with anything, on lapel, on hat, on scarf, etc. Great quality and vibrant colors, can't go wrong with Miu Miu (or Prada) products! <end>
 B000IHPZY6  14K Yellow Gold 1/4 Carat Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings ||	  unsatisfied.  earrings were not as expected, seemed smaller, and fake. (although these claims were not investigated, the earrings were returned.) the box seemed handmade. but, fast shipping, and overall good customer service when i returned the item. <end>  earrings are as described  The earrings are exactly as described. Only the gimmick of saving $200 is a lie since with a clarity of I2-I3 pretty much shows you are getting what you pay for here. And yes, you can def see the inclusions with the naked eye. But the diamonds are so small, you can't really tell unless you are inspecting my ear and that would be pretty rude now wouldn't it? <end>
 B000IHQ0Y0  14K White Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/3ctw, G-H, SI2-I1) ||	  diamond earrings  The earrings were just as described the transaction was smooth and easy and the product was shipped and received in the time frame that was quoted I am very pleased with this purchase <end>  Great earrings, good price  These were a great set of earrings at a reasonable price. Quality diamonds in a quality/sturdy setting. <end>  Nice  These are nice, but they aren't as clear as I thought they'd be. I'm still glad I got them though. I wish I would have gotten the half carat instead of the third carat. Maybe next time. <end>
 B000IHQ0ZE  14K White Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (3/4ctw, G-H, SI2-I1) ||	  Beautiful and a Great Savings Over Mall Jewelers  I went to my local shopping mall (a high-end mall in SE Michigan) and priced 3/4 carat Princess Diamond earings and all shops quoted me $999. I found these which are a better quality than the mall stores and with the same setting and posts. I saved over $300 and they look amazing. My wife is very happy with them. I definitely recommend them. They also arrived quickly. <end>  Horribly mis-matched and I didn't like either one  I bought these intending them to be a gift. In the first few seconds I knew there was no way I would give them as a gift without feeling embarrassed. I posted a picture of them above. The left one is milky/chalky white that doesn't look natural. It looks like the stone was treated with something to make it look brilliant white. It also has a very obvious blemish noticeable from 10 inches away. The right one is dark yellowish brown. To me a diamond should instill perfection. Instead I look at these and feel 'bleeah'. I'm guessing from reading a lot of diamond reviews on amazon, it's really a gamble. Some people seem happy but there's a very large number of unhappy customers. <end>  Elegance at its simplest form..  For our anniversary I had requested a pair of 3/4 Diamonds studs set on white gold. I hadn't cared for diamonds, but this set changed my mind profoundly. Clarity as well as cut unrivaled, perhaps next year I'll be able to get matching pendant. <end>
 B000IHRR2O  14K White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/2ctw, G-H, SI2) ||	  Satisfied, no more, no less  The earrings purchased were of decent quality. The description has them listed SI2-I1 which is a pure stretch, they're definitely on the low end of I1, I've done my research and have looked at enough diamonds of similar quality to know. The earrings themselves are very attractive and are quite nice although the cut is less than desirable but I guess you get what you pay for. For this price you really cannot go wrong for 1/2 carat diamond studs, although I would hope they would revise their description to more accurately portray their product. I'm satisfied with my purchase, that's about it, they're satisfactory, no more, no less. <end>  Stud Diamond Earrings--Awesome!  Very pleased with my purchase. These diamond stud earrings were delivered timely and very well packaged. They were as described in the listing. They are very pretty and have great sparkle. Love them! A great 50th birthday gift! <end>  Diamonds  The diamonds are great but the backing don't grip well. One lost, one to go. <end>
 B000IHTUN8  14K White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1.00ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  Poor Quality  The diamonds sold by this company contain heavy carbon deposits. As a result, the diamonds are dark in color and don't sparkle like one would expect for the money paid. I'm still waiting to receive a full refund after returning almost 3 weeks ago. I do not recommend purchasing from this company if you're looking for a diamond that truly catches the eye. <end>  Exceeded expectations  I just received my 1 ctw 14K white gold 3-prong earrings from Netaya. In short *Customer service was wonderful*Shipping was one day late, but considering it was free and I only had to wait three days instead of two, I can't fault them too much for this*I received what I ordered* I am MORE than satisfied.The diamonds are gorgeous. I was very skeptical having never worked with Netaya before, and although most of their reviews were positive, there were some real horror stories out there. Also, in my research on diamonds, I'd read very bad things about the clarity level of diamonds I purchased (I2 - I3). Nevertheless, the 30-day return policy gave me the confidence to give Netaya a try.Well, I don't know if I just got lucky with these or what, but they are stunning. Do they have inclusions? Yes, but I had to go looking for them with a magnifying glass, and the only reason I did look for them was because I knew that with this type of diamond something had to be there. The inclusions are black, but fortunately there is no cloudiness in these. I'm not a diamond expert, but all I see when I look at them is sparkle, and I believe that is all any casual observer will see.The price was absolutely amazing. I am so happy with these that I had to put a review up.I will shop with Netaya again because, even if I did just happen to get lucky with these, their 30-day return policy makes shopping with them risk-free. And for the prices, it is definitely worth a try. <end>
 B000IHVPOK  14K Yellow Gold Diamond S-Link Tennis Bracelet (1 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) - 7" ||	  14K Tennis Bracelet  I purchased the 14K Yellow Gold Diamond S-Link Tennis Bracelet as a birthday gift for my wife. She loved it and it was a great deal for the price. I would definitly purchase from the seller again. The only thing odd thing was the fact that UPS delivered it after 9pm which is extremely unusual for them. <end>  diamonds are so small  The picture is decieving. I bought this for my mom and when i got it I was disappointed at how very tiny the diamonds were. I was going more by the picture than the description (I don't buy diamonds a lot). Ended up returining it. <end>  Too small.  The diamonds are so small that you can hardly see them. For $700.00 it was way over priced.$100.00 was closer to the actual price. <end>  not enough info  I would like to order this item but cannot find the length on the description. <end>
 B000IIHOMG  Pugster Flower Clear White And Colorful Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooches Pins ||	  Frog Pin  Got this for my sister who collects frogs. The pin part broke the first time she tried to pin it on her jacket. I felt bad, she uses it as a little shotski in her display case. Not made well. But cute. <end>
 B000IIJI66  Pugster Whats The Point Red Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  italian charms  i've been wanting one of these bracelets for awhile, the price was right the charms are entertaining and i plan on giving a couple as xmas presents, amazon as always dependable <end>
 B000IIRC00  Purple Jade 5mm Band Gemstone Ring Size 9 ||	  purple jade  There is the disclaimer that notes the varing depths of color in purple jade, however, I did not expect the color to be as faint/pale as the one shipped. I'm not certain, but perhaps the color deepens with age as in green jade. We'll just have to wait for quite awhile, I guess. <end>  Nice, but...  This ring looks attractive and is delivered in a nice presentation box. However, be aware that it runs about 1/2-size small. Additionally, although I don't have previous experience with jade, they seem a bit fragile/brittle to me. This ring and the light purple ring I bought my wife have already broken. <end>  GENUINE PURPLE JADE BAND GEMSTONE RING  PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IT WAS PACKAGED VERY NICE AND SAFE AND IT IS A VERY NICE RING. THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAD IS I WASN'T SURE WHAT MM THIS RING WAS I THINK IT IS A 6MM BUT IT COULD BE A 5MM IN SIZE. <end>  Gorgeous  it is very beautiful, wonderful shade of purple. Unfortunately, it easily breaks, like glass. Guess I need to get another <end>  Beautiful  This is a beautiful ring. It showed the different variations of color in purple jade. I look forward to wearing it. The rings were packed securely and everything arrived early. I plan to order more items from GEM Avenue. <end>  Good ring for the price  Good ring for the price. Not bad for a synthetic, no lines like many synthetics have. <end>  My daughter loved it!  I bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas and she adores it. She has not had it off since then. I would by one again if I needed it. <end>  Nice ring, reasonable price  This ring isn't quite as dark as the picture shows. There's more clear between the purple, which makes it look lighter. I would also suggest getting at least a half size larger than your regular ring size, as these rings have no give like metal rings. It also came in a cute little gift box. I'm very happy with this ring. It's beautiful. <end>
 B000IKJA7G  .925 Sterling Silver Engravable Heart Bracelet with Toggle Clasp ||	  Bracelets  I ended up returning these bracelets because they didn't match up to the picture. They were scratched and looked cheap. I wanted to give these bracelets as a wedding gift for my bridesmaids, but the bracelets didn't look like the picture so I returned them. <end>
 B000ILGA5A  DEMDACO Willow Tree Thank You Keepsake Box ||	  I love Willow tree  I always love Willow Tree. they make great gifts for great people in your life. I have quite a collection, and I hope to continue to build it <end>  smile  this small but beautiful storage or whatever is really nice and we got other stuff from the same place that are also incredible  -) <end>
 B000ILMWU2  Bracelet - B173 - Assorted Beads and Sun Charm - Charm Style ~ Antique Gold Tone ||	  Pretty, just pay attention to the length before ordering.  I have no complaints about the way this bracelet appears, save one--a couple of the beads have have streaks on them which look like folds in dried hot glue. I think it's because the beads are made out of some sort of plastic. However, I don't think it's really noticeable outside of a close examination. It is quite pretty and seems well constructed. I don't think this is going to be one of those bracelets which breaks after a few times wearing it. It looks like it does in the picture.The description says "approximately 8 inches" in length. It is, in fact, closer to 9 inches in length. That is just not going to work on my 6 inch wrist. Look closely at the clasp...because it's not a lobster claw, it cannot be moved up higher on the bracelet to make it a smaller circumference. I am going to have to give this to my mother who has a larger wrist. Unfortunately, my wrist is too small for it and my ankle is too large for it. It's too bad, because I really like it. <end>  Charm bracelet  I have a lot of compliments Everytime I wear this bracelet. I am happy with the colors, the beads. I love it. <end>
 B000IN1BIY  Phantom of the Opera - Music of the Night - Water Globe ||	  Amazing  This globe embodies some of my favorite parts of Phantom of the Opera. Music of the Night is represented by the lovingly crafted figures inside. The music played by this globe is very pretty and wonderful. I got it as a present for Valentines day for my boyfriend, who is a Phantom of the Opera Phan. He LOVED it! Everything was just perfect and i was lucky to get one without any bubbles in it. He enjoyed it so much! I would recommend this as a gift for anyone... Including yourself. ;) I know i wanted to steal it for myself when i got it before i wrapped it. <end>  Bought for Daughter in Law for Christmas gift and she loved it!  She loves Phantom of the Opera and I found this water globe and it also plays the music from the play and she loves it! <end>  It's okay. I know, not real helpful, but see why.  I bought this as a souvenir after seeing one of the last shows of Phantom in Las Vegas, and they had little in the way of souvenirs left. With that said, you need a reason to buy this beyond what it is; a mediocre music box. It doesn't play very long but does what it says it will. It is made in China mostly of plastic. IMHO there is nothing particularly collectible about this other than perhaps what sentiment you attach to it. For that, it is okay. <end>  FANTASTIC  Amazing. Fast shipping! Excellent quality for such a small price! Highly Recommend. The globe is the perfect size and the music is awesome. Brings me back to my childhood! <end>
 B000IQ7PDQ  Grey and White Dyed Freshwater Cultured Pearl "Floating" Necklace ||	  More elegant than it looks  I was surprised by how many pearls there were! There are probably 150 pearls all together. Very fancy. Not what I was expecting by the picture. When on the neck it is probably and inch and a half around. The pearls don't sit flat like they do in the picture. I was looking for something more casual, but I definitely have no problems with this. Definitely worth what I paid for it. <end>  The most beautiful necklace that I have nowadays  When I receive this order of the Grey and White Freshwater Culture Pearl "Floting"Necklace, I think that was my birthday and the G'd sent me a most beautiful gift that He could send! It is no so beautiful, it is so fabulous and fantastic.I send to the jewery that manufactures these pearls my best Congratulations!L&eacute;ia A. Pavlovsky (So Paulo - Brasil)I hope you could be sale with shipping to my country (it was very easy for me)Thanks a lot and my best regards for all. <end>
 B000IQ9JMG  5 Row Multicolor Free Form Dyed Freshwater Cultured Pearl Stretch Bracelet with Sterling Silver Spacers, 7.5" ||	  This Bracelet is Gorgeous, Fun and Stylish  Amazon Prime is amazing; I ordered this bracelet (having loved the similar pastel pearl bracelet), and it arrived FAST. The pearls are stunning in color and contrast. They're lustrous, just a little larger than jelly beans, have wonderful nacre and seem to glow in shades of golden caramel yellow, soft peach, gunmetal gray, charcoal plum and creamy porcelain white. As with the pastel pearl bracelet, it might be loose on smaller wrists like my own, but it isn't going to slip off easily. With about 37 total inches of pearls, it can be restrung into a necklace, bracelet and earring set if desired, but is terrific as-is. I'll order the matching endless necklace next, and enjoy the colors with lots of fall clothing. Pearl girls will love this bracelet! <end>
 B000IQ9JUS  Onyx Stretch Bracelet with White Dyed Freshwater Cultured Pearls ||	  Cute & Well Made  VERY CUTE braclet! Well made and sturdy. Watch out if you don't have a small wrist because the bracelet is small, and it doesn't stretch too much - my wrist is somewhat unusually small, and it fits just right. But, overall, a beautiful product - especially at the sale price!UPDATE  After a year of having this braclet, I can say that I'm still happy with it, and that it was a good investment. It has stretched out nicely without being too stretched.Great buy, definitely recommend it! <end>
 B000IQ9JZ8  3 Row White, Bronze and Champagne Dyed Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace, 19" ||	  Beautiful and Cost Efficient  I bought this necklace to wear on my wedding day with my champagne colored dress. I got nothing but compliments on the necklace and how beautiful it looked. I was looking at necklaces for hundreds of dollars, but none caught my eye quite like this one. It is beautiful in person and sits right around the collar bone area on my neck. From purchase to it being shipped to my door, it took less than a week with the free shipping option. I would highly recommend this necklace to anyone who loves pearls like me. <end>  Beautiful Jewelry for my Bridesmaids  I absolutely loved this purchase. It came in the best casing in a velvet bag and the necklaces are absolutely beautiful. They will be gorgeous with the champagne and ivory bridesmaid dresses I have picked out. Pearls are timeless and these were a very nice gift to give to my close family and friends as a thank you for being part of our wedding. <end>  Very nice necklace  I bought this necklace as a Christmas gift for my sister-in-law. I tried them on just to make sure they would look nice and I was pleasantly surprised. They are a nice weight and look like a nice fashion piece. I wouldn't mind having a set in my collection. <end>  just ok  It is just ok, nothing amazing about it. Does not match in color the earings. I will return it. <end>
 B000IQ9KE8  Dyed Bronze Freshwater Cultured Pearl Choker (6.5-7mm), 17" ||	  Better suited as a white elephant gift than serious jewelry  This necklace is a perfect example of the old adage, "You get what you pay for." I paid $11.40 on sale.First of all, the pearls are similar to the color of orange juice. Second, they are so blemished and uneven that they don't even look like real pearls. Third, there is no clasp in the back. The pearls are strung on a rigid wire that will hold itself closed unless the necklace is tugged on by children, pets, etc.I gave the necklace two stars instead of one because it appears to be well constructed and could conceivably be worn for an occasion that calls for tacky orange pearls. Maybe a Marge Simpson costume? <end>  Mellow Yellow  This choker seems well made, but there is a lot of inconsistency in the color and shape of the pearls. They are a soft golden yellow color, but the dye looks strange. The necklace looks like the color would bleed onto your hands if you touch it, perhaps due to the sheen of the pearls. This makes it look inexpensive. I would not make this purchase again. <end>  Ugly, tacky, pitiful  These are quite possibly the ugliest pearls I have ever seen. There was a deal and I thought, "Eh. At that price ($4.50!! I should have KNOWN!) they'll be good for a little gift for someone - heck, I'll get two." Boy, was I wrong. I would NEVER give these as a gift to ANYONE. Previous reviewer described them perfectly  orange, blemished, no clasp (though I couldn't manage that second star for them). Both sets are headed to my daughter's dress up box. I'm not sure even SHE will like them. <end>
 B000IQCEO6  Sterling Silver Freshwater Cultured Pearl Chandelier Earrings with Peridot ||	  Very Nice  I bought these for my mother (36 yrs old) as a christmas present and she absolutely loved them. <end>  beautiful product  I like these earrings, I have gotten many compliments on them. They would make a nice gift for that someone special. <end>  Gorgeous  I ordered these just for fun and was amazed at the quality. They are just gorgeous (a bit bigger than they looked in the picture, but I get tons of compliments on them!) <end>
 B000IQCEUK  Multi-Color Pastel Freshwater Cultured Pearl Bracelet, 7" ||	  beautiful  I just received this bracelet that I ordered as a gift for someone. It is beautiful and I am very tempted to keep it for myself! <end>  pearl bracelet  I gave this bracelet as a Christmas gift and I was so proud of doing that because the quality of the pearls and the workmanship of the bracelet was excellent....there was also a great sale at Christmas so I was able to purchase it without causing me problems... <end>
 B000IQCEX2  Multi-Color Freshwater Cultured Pearl Drop Earrings with Sterling Silver Earring Backs ||	  Substantial Earrings for the Money  I bought these for my wife for a Christmas Present along with three other pairs of earrings. Even though these cost less than the other pairs, she gravitated to these immediately. They are very attractive and are big enough that they make a statement. Buy them; you won't be sorry. <end>
 B000IRZFNW  10k White Gold Diamond Flower Pendant (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  The Perfect Size, The Perfect Gift  I bought this pendant for my friend's 30th birthday. We have been friends since high school, and I wanted to get her something special. I was a little bit hesitant to order anything online, and was afraid it would not look as good as it does in the picture. I was amazed when it came in the mail and it looked so beautiful, better than I expected.It is the perfect size, not too big and not too small. My friend loves it, and it looks charming on her. <end>  Flower Pendant  The Flower Pendant is gorgeous. I'm wearing it now. It is so elegant.Thank You! <end>  2 Thumbs Up!  Very beautiful indeed, except the chain, which is too thin. However, my wife was of the view that the chain makes it look even more pretty. <end>  very nice.  I love the flower, although to some it looks like either a sunburst or a snowflake. But to me I know it's a little flower and I think it looks very elegant. <end>
 B000IS0OXC  14k White, Yellow, and Pink Gold, 3-Heart Diamond Pendant (.25 cttw, G-H Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  Very Lovely  This is a wonderful necklace. It glitters with the sparkle of diamonds, and shines with the slight glint of yellow, rose and white gold. It is elegant enough for dressy occasions, yet understated enough for casual outfits too. The height makes it long enough to see without squinting, and the offset-heart shapes are more eye-catching than symmetical hearts. I bought one for my mother for Mother's Day, and she loved it so much she bought the same one for me as a Christmas gift! <end>
 B000IS2HCS  14k White Gold Diamond Palm Tree Pendant (1/8 cttw, G-H Color, I3 Clarity) ||	  Palm Tree Pleasant  This is definitely worth the price that I spent. The item is small but sparkly and I get constant compliments on it!. <end>  Very pretty  I bought this necklace for my mom. It is not very big, but it is pretty.Any bigger and it might start to look like Florida tourist tacky. My mom loves it and has received many compliments on it! It is much nicer than the other palm tree necklaces I looked at before buying this one. <end>  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE  I thought that I would never find the perfect palm tree necklace. I searched other internet sites and found theone I was looking for on Amazon. I was very pleased with the quality and price. <end>  fabulous!  This was exactly the necklace I was looking for. Perfect size. I wanted someting that was not too big and inexpensive enough to not worry about it. Diamonds are ok. If you want them to keep sparkling, just clean with jewelry cleaner and that does the trick. I LOVE,LOVE, LOVE this necklace!!! <end>  Sparkling Palm Tree Necklace  Wow! I just received this beautiful palm tree necklace for my 25th wedding anniversary and it is so pretty and is just the right size! The diamonds sparkle so much and would really recommend this product to purchase! My daughter CKU and husband did such a great job in surprising me with this great gift....I will treasure it!  )  ) <end>  Palm Tree Pendant  This pendant is beautiful. I've worn it every day since I received it. Very sparkly. Would recommend! <end>
 B000ISSTT8  Imaginative scissor cufflinks with presentation box ||	  Classy, not cheesy  They looked even better than I expected them to, & came right when they said they would. Very elegant; not cheesy looking. I would definately recommend for your stylist! <end>
 B000ITZPGC  One Silicone Double Flared Skin Eyelet  10g, wearable length  1/4", Black (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Great Tunnels!  I got these to wear when I'm sleeping since most of my earrings are fairly ornate and I can't sleep in them comfortably. These are crazy flexible and are so light that no one notices I have them in when they're in by themselves. They were a little difficult to get in since they're so small, I had to kind of &#34;load&#34; them on a CBR ring to get them into my ear, but a larger size would make it easier since there's more space for someone's fingers to maneuver.I also like that I can wear normal 18-20g post earrings really easily with these since the silicone holds them still and keeps them from flopping around in my 10g ears. <end>
 B000IU082C  Assorted Asian brocade jewelry pouches with snap closure - set of 4 ||	  Great For Saving Jewelry  I bought these bags for storing my jewelry. They are a bit smaller than I thought but still useful. Great for storing small things like earrings and rings. Buy the larger size if you need for storing pearls, jade and larger pieces of jewelry. <end>  I love these!  These are adorable little pouches and I bought them specifically for the small size. There are plenty of larger pouches out there that you can buy if you need more volume--the dimensions of these are clearly stated in the description.These make excellent gift pouches for jewelry and are a beautiful way to store and organize small things. I use them in my purse to organize coins, tissues, hair pins, etc. In fact, I keep running out and ordering more! <end>  Smaller than expected...  Beautiful colors and snap closure. Just a little smaller than expected. I will use for gifts not for my jewerly when traveling. <end>  Pretty little pouch  This is a great pouch! It has a silky feel. I bought it to hold my rough rose quartz. You'll like this little pouch! <end>  good size, good value.  these are great to use as "jewelry boxes" for small individual items like rings and pins. they are attractive and good quality. good color variety. product is nice enough to use to "wrap' gifts. <end>  Very nice little pouches  Sometimes ya just need a classy little storage pouch, and this is it. And ya get 4 of them! Well made, pretty colors, nicely handcrafted (label says so) in China. <end>
 B000IU1QXW  One Silicone Double Flared Skin Eyelet  0g, wearable length  1/4", Black (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  to thin to wear  im giving this a low score only because the wearable size of these are way to small.i should have read the fine print -_- but these are for very skinny ear lobes. if you have regular sized ear lobes like me then you will need to buy the 5/16 version of this. other then that they are perfect tunnels...to bad they are so damn small..i couldnt even fit them in. now i will have to cough up 15 more bucks and buy the right sized pair. heres a tip guys make sure that you explain what the 1/4 wearable means because noobs like me just look at the 0g and think that its our size. <end>
 B000IVG9EM  Amazon.com  Prada Women&#39;s Plex Swan Pin, Bianco  Clothing ||	  Prada Swan Pin  Priced right! I bought 3 for gifts next C-Mas. The Prada pin comes with a Prada box, tissue, and authenticity card. I also bought the Prada Bob and the Prada Anchor pins! Thank you Amazon! Debbie <end>
 B000IVM7Y8  Amazon.com  Prada Women&#39;s Necklace, Soliel/Mandarino  Clothing ||	  It's not from Prada! Be cautious!  I received this one today. To my surprise, it's not from Prada, but a brand named MIU MIU. It's totally a mistake. <end>
 B000IVN9RW  Surgical Steel Pendant with Reddish Brown Leather Cord for Young Adults ||	  Love this pendant  I bought this necklace on a whim and now I use it almost every day. I switched the brown leather cord for a black one and now it matches almost every item in my wardrobe (no, I don't wear all black).  ) Nice size and interesting pattern. <end>
 B000IVP09W  Surgical Steel Celtic Pendant with Adjustable Cord for Young Adults ||	  GREAT Necklace for Anyone!  I got this necklace as a gift for my husband. He has very odd body chemistry and has been known to tarnish silver to black overnight. I wanted something special and unique for him and something that wouldn't tarnish.This is a beautiful necklace. Very unisex. He loves it and hasn't taken it off since I gave it to him 6mos ago. It's still shiny and looks like brand new. I will never again buy him anything that isn't steel or titanium. The cord is also really nice and adjustable. It's also holding up shockingly well. He even showers in it every day and it still looks great.I highly recommend this item. Great quality at a really good price. Fast delivery and a really good seller as well. <end>
 B000IVWHAC  Earthtone Agate and Garnet Earrings ||	  Beautiful  These earrings are very well made and dangle nicely from the earlobes. They would be a nice complement to any collection of earrings. <end>
 B000IW73SM  Hoop Earrings - 0.8" Diameter (Yellow Gold Plated) ||	  Not that good of quality.  well lets see. where to start... well for one it ripped right out of my ear when i was trying to take it off (that was a bloody mess) um well basically all i can say is you get what you pay for. the post is really hard to get out of the clasp so when your putting it on and taking it off you just about have to have plyers. not to mention the gold plating on it tarneshes really quick. so yeah my advice is just dont. learn from my blood and sweat and mistake and save your self a trip to the Peircing shop again... <end>
 B000IWADS4  Twin Strand Swirly Dangle Earring - Gold Plated ||	  run around  I gave one star only because I have to put something in, I don't have any product to review just the process that was ridiculous. I ordered a pair of earrings, which when they arrived were completly different than what I ordered. I emailed and got no response for three days. So I sent the earrings back with a picture of the earrings that I had ordered. Finally someone got back to me in the mean time and said they would look into it. After a week, I wrote again stating that I hadn't heard anything and wanted to know what was going on. The reply was that if the earrings were in stock they would be sent to me and if not my credit card would be refunded. After a few days, I got an email from the same person stating that my earring would be shipped that day. A little over a week later, I got an email stating that my credit card has been reimbursed. Lovely, but I have no earrings (which were supposed to be a gift) and it is almost a month later. <end>
 B000IWXXHM  Touched By An Angel CZ Sterling Silver Necklace ||	  Very pleased  The necklace I ordered came promptly and is beautiful. I am very pleased with my purchase and the service from this company. <end>  Adorable little silver angel.  My sister collects angel themed items and she loved this necklace when I gave it to her. The clasp is a bit difficult so you might need help putting it on and taking it off. <end>  Pretty  The necklace arrived promptly and in a nice box. The angel was a little larger than I was expecting, but it is very pretty. The chain is very nice and sturdy, which is good because I break necklaces if the chain is too delicate.Overall, a nice necklace for the price. <end>
 B000IXKZG8  Sardelli - 14kt Gold Polished & Rhodium Horseshoe Post Earrings ||	  Adorable!  I have several piercings in each ear, and wanted 14k horseshoes in a smaller size for the upper holes. These are perfect! I saw the same earrings in other stores for much more. Great deal! <end>
 B000IXUWLQ  Amazon.com  Celtic Pendant  Celtic Cross  Clothing ||	  Sturdy Lil Thing  This has survived a move and numerous 'underways' (the owner is a sailor) so I feel it is worth the money. When I received it in the mail I thought it would break easily but, like I wrote, it has been through quite a lot and is still in one piece (and the owner is notorious for breaking things). <end>
 B000IZAOEY  14k Yellow Gold, Round, 3-Stone Lever Back Drop Earrings (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Just Right!  These are great earrings to wear anywhere...wear them every day with jeans or all dressed up for a wedding. They are just the right size and are dazzling diamond earrings. <end>
 B000IZBHZY  Elegant Blue Silver Catseye-style Square Cufflinks Framed silver-tone by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Very nice!  I bought these cuff links to wear to a meeting--they are splendid. The blue stone catches the light and becomes a bright, brilliant color! These cuff links look great with a cassock (anteri, zostiko, raso, etc). <end>  extraordinary look  these cufflinks have a great deep blue look and a fancy silver side frame. great look with a white shirt <end>  Great cufflinks  Very good quality and I liked them very much. I bought them for my son for Christmas and he seemed to like them as well. <end>  Gorgeous Darling!  These cufflinks are gorgeous! They have a rich dark blue hue and are framed very nicely in the geometric detailing shown in the picture. They are a little smaller than I had expected them to be but nonetheless my fiance loved them, especially paired with the Mahogany Cufflinks Case also by CuffDaddy (I've included the link).Mahogany Cufflinks Case for 20 pairs <end>  Stunning  I own about 8 pairs of cufflinks and these are my favorite. Unlike most pictures these cufflinks actually look better in person. <end>  nice!  I bought these for my brother in law's birthday. They look just like the photo and come in a nice box. I'm very happy with the look of them and they are well worth the money. <end>
 B000IZC0NM  14k Yellow Gold, Round, Solitaire Lever Back Drop Earrings (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  LOVE THEM!!  I am pretty leary of buying jewelry online. But, the Amazon guarantee asuaged my fears. These earrings are BEAUTIFUL! Because of chemo I have no hair. So, I wanted my earrings to be something special. Amazon, you did not disappoint! I specifically looked for the lever back design because of the security and the ease of removal. There are hardly any diamond lever back earrings.The only thing I'd have changed is the size of the stone. If they'd offered a pair with larger stones, I'd have purchased them instead. But, that's the only "negative" thing I have to say.I am so happy with this purchase that I will not hesitate in the future to buy online as long as the jewelry has the Amazon guarantee! <end>
 B000IZEJJ0  8 Pair Leather Cufflinks Box ||	  AWFUL -- a cheap rip off  I was so disappointed in this item that I did not even give it for the gift it was intended to be. I would have been ashamed to have my son think I thought this was of gift quality! It is tiny and cheaply made of the thinest leather I have ever seen. The compartments are hardly big enough to hold the cufflinks for which it is made. The lining looks like flocked paper and the whole thing must be made of cardboard. Every bit of it screams cheap, cheap, cheap junk. I would return it but unfortunately, because it was to be a Christmas gift, I waited too long after receipt to check it out. It is now a total waste of money and I had to buy something in its place! <end>  Great!  I gave this to my boyfriend for Christmas, and he loved it. Quality is good, and it closes nicely. Great for the man who travels a lot! <end>  Great product and quality. Very appreciated by the recipiet of the gift as something to organize body piercing jewelry.  Great product and quality. Very appreciated by the recipiet of the gift as something to organize body piercing jewelry. A+ <end>  Simple but Elegant  The design of this cuff link box is simple, classic, and elegant. I think that it would be perfect for the man with even the most discriminating taste. The box is sturdy and is the perfect size. The seller was prompt and the packaging was great. I would purchase from this seller again. <end>  Great for travel or home use  As someone who probably owns over 50 pairs of cufflinks, I really like this case. In fact I own 2 of these, they are made of good quality and have held up well on repeated travel on cruises and international trips, it's a nice compact size that you will not notice in your carry on or luggage. I generally use it for all my sterling silver Tiffany cufflinks (which after a while I tend to use more then all the rest).It also fits one or two pairs of the knot cufflinks, which are great for a slightly more casual look. You can also use a single compartment to put some pills in, like Valium for sleep on long flights, or a few aspirin for that occasional hangover after a wedding.I would definitely recommend this product to others as the perfect travel cufflink holder. Having separate compartments helps ensure that your pairs will stay put so they are easy to find later. Also, I like that the top is a cushioned form fitting top, so none of the cufflinks will move easily plus it may possibly help slow down the oxidation process for your silver cufflinks.The fold over snap button has held up well over time. I've had these boxes for about two years and still very happy with the look, feel and form factor. If you're a frequent traveler you can't beat the functionality and having 8 seems to be a great compromise for not to small and not to big, but just right. <end>  Very sturdy feeling  I like this box for all my cufflinks and studs (I don't have very many). It feels very nice and looks nice too. Worth the price. <end>  wow what a seller  I had a slight problem with my first order and they took very good care of the problem.. I would for sure hands down keep buying from them.. The item was great my husband loved it, it made a great fathers day gift.. <end>  Neat and Handsome Cuff Link Box  Find it truly need and handsome. The compartments are good enough for all standard sized cuff links (can hold 8 pairs). However, at the bottom of the box, i found a small golden sticker which says "Made in China", but I am paying US Dollars for such a small little box... Hmm, I guess the profit margins must be good for the merchant. Steven Lim (RSTN) <end>
 B000IZEJUY  Classic White Silk Knot Log Cufflinks With Velour Pouch by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Simple yet elegant  I got these for my boyfriend who only has one shirt requiring cufflinks. He lost one of the original ones. These are not flashy ,yet elegant. <end>  nice!  I very much enjoy these links. They are exactly what I was looking for. They are not flashy or heavy like most links. They can be worn with anything and I actually have gotten several complements on them in just the 2 or 3 times I have worn them. Very classy looking and I would highly recommend! <end>
 B000IZGHJA  Golf Ball Golfer Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Perfect Linx  I bought these after wearing a pair of my dad's that he bought in the 70's. They are almost identical and made of similar materials.I am very happy with the size, finish and style. Very fun Links. Enjoy them. <end>  Quality Cufflinks  The cuff links I ordered were more than I expected. Very polished and styled, it will show the wearer his has the finesse of displaying his sport and status. <end>  ahmed from dubai  nice cufflinks , the production also is good such as the material so i rate them with 5 stars and the value rate is resolvable too <end>  Great for that golfer in your life  I bought this as a bday present for my one buddy who loves golf. He is kind of picky about what he likes and likes nicer things, so it was a big win that he absolutely loved these things. <end>
 B000IZSI4C  14K White Gold 1/2 ct. Diamond "Journey of Love" Heart Pendant with Chain ||	  A Great Deal  I bought this necklace as a gift. Of course the picture shows an enlarged version, but the 0.5 carats of diamonds are plenty enough. She loved the necklace, though this item gets 4 stars out of 5 only because we noticed that the diamonds don't have as much sparkle as some others in the sunlight. As of the time of this review, Amazon was not specifying the minimum quality (color, clarity) of the diamonds. It's still a beautiful necklece -- especially for the price -- and the seller (Katarina Jewelry) provided us with excellent service. All in all, this pendant is a great deal! <end>
 B000IZZ28W  10k White Gold Blue Topaz & Diamond Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  Did not like this.  I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and was disapointed in the quality of the blue topaz. They look dirty or something. I went with the all blue topaz one that amazon sells and was quite impressed that for less money I ended up with a nicer necklace. <end>  Wife's Christmas Pendant  Good value for the price. Smaller than what I thought it would be. The chain is incredibly frail and will most likely snag on something and break within the next three months. <end>  Gift for wife  The wife loved it though I felt that the blue depicted in the picture is a lot more vivid than it actually is. Seemed much more pale in reality and I agree with earlier comments that the chain seems very frail and you wouldn't want to risk your diamonds on that.Came well packaged, in fact the box they used was WAY too big and ended up costing me an unnecessary amount when I had it shipped to Kuwait. <end>  i really love this  Despite all the poor reviews I love this product. The stones don't look any different than in the pictures on mine and it is the perfect size. I will agree though that the chain is too thin. My boyfriend got this necklace for me and upon noticing the weakness of the chain he gave me a separate chain with it. I really like the pendent a lot though, and would have given 5 stars if the chain had been better. <end>
 B000IZZ29G  Sterling Silver Triple Heart Drop Pendant, 18" ||	  Not Sterling Silver  I bought this about 9 months ago, and now it appears the pendant has started chipping at the surface, leaving black underneath. It is definitely not made of sterling silver as the listing says. Amazon refused my request for a refund. <end>  Cute Pendant, Cheap Chain.  I thought this pendant was adorable when I purchased it however when I received it, I was disappointed. The top heart does not sit flat on you, it flops to the side which makes it impossible to actually see the heart. The chain is a very poor quality and will probably break quickly. I just packaged it up and am returning it. <end>  Just Okay  This necklace is not unattractive, but not as cute as it appears in the photo. I thought it would be three dimensional, or that one side would be a brushed finish, but that is not the case. The necklace is flat and the silver is matte. Overall, I was disappointed in the purchase, but since I purchased this item on sale, it is still worth keeping. <end>  Nice necklace, good for everyday wear  I purchased this on the 70% off sale and have been very pleased with most everything I have received. This is a cute little necklace. I would like to purchase the matching earrings.Sterling Silver Heart Dangle EarringsI haven't noticed any problems with the quality in the times I've worn it so I would recommend this to others. <end>  Cute Necklace!!!  Got a lot of compliments when I wear this necklace it is so cute!!! I love it. Buy one feel sexy too!!! <end>
 B000J013CU  Sterling Silver Sapphire and Diamond Accent Bracelet, 7" ||	  Very pretty  This is a very pretty bracelet. It was much wider than I thought it would be, but still looks quite elegant.My friends thought I bought it at an "expensive" jewelry store. <end>
 B000J02GWG  Sterling Silver Amethyst Cross Pendant ||	  Nice quality pendant and necklace  I purchased this as a gift and am pretty pleased with the actual product. A note  the picture makes this look like it is all silver, but in fact the circle around the amethyst is actually gold in color. It is still pretty, but a bit of a surprise. <end>
 B000J03AQC  Earcuff 9.15GF 14K Gold-filled ||	  VERY small jewelry, not worth a nickel!  This review is for their niobium earcuff/wrap featured on their website. I order two in different colors. What junk!! They were so tiny I think they were simply made of niobium wire. They looked like someone just opened up a necklace ring (you know, the larger loop on a chain that the clasp is attached to? A jumper I think?) The edges didn't even look finished, like they snipped the wire, shaped it around a pencil and called it done. And their shipping charge is outrageous for such a TINY item. I returned them for a refund. Don't waste your money! <end>  Too Small  Would not buy this again under any circumstances. It is so narrow that I lost it the first time I wore it. I have other ear cuffs that are much wider and I have had them for over 2 years. Never lost one. This one is not a good buy. <end>  Classic and stylish  Clean, classic styling makes this earcuff suitable for professional/business wear as well as for more casual occasions. I've gotten more compliments with this earcuff than with any other I've worn. <end>
 B000J03NKA  10k White Gold Ruby Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  Pink not Red  Very pretty but the stones are pink not red like the picture shows. <end>
 B000J03NMS  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Sapphire and Diamond Accent Earrings ||	  DISAPPOINTED  I BELIEVED THE DESCRIPTION AND WAS SAD WHEN THE EARRINGS ARRIVED. STONES SO SMALL THEY RESEMBLED SAND. COULDN'T TELL WITH MAGNIFYING GLASS WHAT COLOR SAPPHIRES WERE; THEY LOOKED MORE GREEN THAN BLUE. <end>  Whoo Hoo  These earrings are exactly the type I love to wear, I wish all earrings had the same type backs. They came in the size I expected, not some miniature of a picture that happens sometimes. I wear them a lot and have had lots of complements. Highly recommend these! <end>
 B000J03NPU  Sterling Silver and Pink Rhodonite Triple Drop Earrings ||	  Rhodonite Triple Drop Earings - Nice  These are not the highest quality pair of earings out there, but they are great for the price. My wife actually wears these and that is a sign she doesn't think they look or feel cheap. Many people have complimented her on them and she loves it. They really do make a nice gift. <end>  I am pleased with these earrings.  They're well made and pretty. The pink stones are not quite as pictured online, a warmer color, a bit more coral. <end>
 B000J04FZC  Earcuff 9.15SS Sterling Silver ||	  Dissapointed in SS Earcuff  I was so disappointed in this earcuff, it was to be a gift and it was so small and thin...I have several earcuffs and I am used to putting them on, this was so tiny it would fit a toddler...The jeweler did contact me but I had already lost the earcuff down the drain. So basically I threw out $12.00...the picture looks like what I thought I had ordered. I ordered from another company and got exactly what I wanted for the gift. <end>  Nothing special  I bought this ear cuff for $9.95 before it turned to $15.95. It's just a plain super thin cuff. If it's not worth the $9.95, it's definitely not worth the $15.95. <end>  Exactly what I wanted  I was looking for a fake helix because my upper ears always get infected when I get them pierced. This takes a little effort to get it in the right position where it won't come off, but is still comfortable. However, it works really well once you get it to the right size, and I can slip it on and off easily without having to worry about it falling off. It looks amazing! No one can tell it's fake and it's not too flashy. It came quickly and in a cute little plastic box. Well made and I use it every day- I definitely recommend it. <end>  Elegant and discreet  It's perfect! I've looked everywhere for a small ear-cuff that actually fits the top rim of my ear. It's all depends on your personal taste I suppose, but I like the simple/classy style because it adds a little something without looking like I'm trying too hard. Plus it's not as heavy and the quality is so fine that I never want to take it off. Very fine craftmanship, but if you're not used to a discreet style of ear-cuff then I can see how you might not be able to appreciate it. I bought 2 different kinds so I can double the band width. They look frigging awesome. <end>
 B000J0J1DI  Blue Teddybear Enamel Childrens Screwback Earrrings - JewelryWeb ||	  cute  I bought these for my toddler because they have screw back closure that is difficult to remove (as she constantly removed all her other earrings). So far she wasn't able to take them off and eventually she left them alone. The earrings are very pretty. <end>
 B000J0J1EW  Cubic Zirconia CZ Round Present Past and Future Pendant - JewelryWeb ||	  Quality pendant  I bought this pendant to wear in my upcoming wedding. It was exactly what I was expecting when I recieved it. It sparkles and shines and is the perfect size. Its even prettier in person than in the picture. I can't wait to wear it! <end>  Beautiful necklace!!  I purchased this necklace for all of my bridesmaids. I just received them in the mail today! They are absolutely beautiful!! The quality of the pendent and necklace chain are top notch! I can't wait to give them to my bridesmaids!!! <end>
 B000J0J1GA  14k White Gold Bold Oval Garnet Cross Pendant (chain not included) - JewelryWeb ||	  garnet cross  this arrived timely and it is gorgeous, and is not too large. Lots of compliments have been given to me on this one. <end>
 B000J15U6E  14k White Gold Diamond Pink Sapphire Ring ||	  Good Christmas present  My wife was happy,happy, happy after getting this for christmas. enough said. The size was right, it almost brought a tear to her eye.I would recommend this. <end>
 B000J15UGE  10k White Gold Diamond Circle Pendant (.02 cttw, G-I Color, I3 Clarity) ||	  my new favarite  Yes, it's not big. It's the size of a dime. If you like big and bold, this is definitely not for you. But if you like simple and elegant like I do, go for it! This necklace is very well made and looks very expensive. It looks better in person. This is my new favorite jewelry and it's perfect for everyday wear. <end>  SO SMALL!!!  I only paid 39.99 and it was still a rip-off. It says it's 1 inch by 1 inch, but it's about the size of a dime!!! So dissappointed. Sending it back. <end>  Great Price, Great Item  There's nothing bad I can say about this item. It is by far the lowest price I've seen for something of this quality. And hey...she loved it. <end>  Luca  My girlfriend loved this piece. I wish it was a little bigger but it's still very nice. <end>  It was much smaller than expected  Very unique but makes you look elegant when worn. It is a lot smaller in close up compared to the actual image <end>  please bring this back  I saw this item a while ago.....put off ordering and when I was ready to order, it was not available any longer! Please bring this item back. <end>
 B000J19ZA6  10k White Gold Diamond Cross Pendant (.02 cttw, G-I Color, I3 Clarity) ||	  This pendant is absolutely tiny!  Please do not believe their claim that this cross is 1" tall. That is an outright lie. I bought this cross because of the size and I was shocked when I opened the package. It's only about half as big as they claim. This is a very small child's piece of jewelry. The cross is about the size of penny. The chain is also very thin and cheap. I don't expect it would last a day before breaking. You can't even use a different chain because it passes through a very small hole in the body of the cross. Please do not buy this item unless you're prepared to use a magnifying glass to look at it. I bought this for my wife, but I have to return it because she's an adult!I've never experienced such a deceptive description of a product online before. I would be embarrassed to give this to my wife. I'm giving this necklace 2 stars because although it's minuscule, it is absolutely beautiful. If you are looking for very tiny jewelry, this piece is great. If you're looking for a gift for an adult, please keep looking. You'll just be wasting your time and money. <end>  Not worth it  The other customers are right. The cross is very small, and the chain is very delicate. I'm sure it costs $50 because it is white gold, but I'm not sure it's worth it. Plus, the diamond is not as nice as shown in the picture, and it comes in a velvet bag. It was completely tangled and took FOREVER to fix.Addition  I reported it to Amazon, and they sent me a new necklace that only had one small knot in it. <end>  Crappy  The other reviewer is right--this is very tiny cross and not close to the size advertised. But if you like delicate jewelry (I paid only $29) , it wasn't worth returning. <end>
 B000J1D9O4  Sterling Silver Small Open Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  Cute for the price  Take note that the title of this pendant says 18" chain but in the description it says 16". The description is accurate, the chain is only 16". Other than that it is a cute necklace. <end>  "O" pendant  If you look at the picture of this pendant it looks like they have somehow wrapped the chain around the "O" and that is exactly how it arrived. I unwrapped the chain and be advised it has no loop or bail to put a chain through so I added a loop of my own. The chain is adequate and the pendant itself is a good size. The reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because I had never seen or heard of a pendant wrapped around its chain and it just doesn't look good this way in my opinion. The picture, however, makes it clear that this is the way it is so it is not misleading. One more thing about the wrapped chain--it makes the chain shorter so if you use the pendant the way it arrives, I do not think it will be the full 18 inches long. Overall, I like the pendant and do not regret the purchase. It can be used dressed up or down so it is a versatile addition to anyone's jewelry collection. <end>
 B000J1F9RE  Sterling Silver Open Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Delicate...Pretty..  I got this on Gold Box sale, and agree with previous reviewer it's not worth the $30 Amazon is selling it for. Neither pendant nor chain feels particularly sturdy and the heart size is a little bit larger than a quarter - but the pendant is silver and it's shiny, so good enough if it's on sale. <end>  Not fine jewelry  I was looking for some nice jewelry to give our 14 and 16 year old nieces. This is not it. This will end up as a present for the 10 year old niece because we got it at the Friday sale price of $12. If I had paid the $30 they ask for it regularly I would have been even more disappointed and asked for a refund. <end>  Very Cute!! Just As Pictured!!!  This necklace is very cute. The chain is very thin but I already knew that before I purchased it. Good buy if you can get it on sale!! <end>  Very satisfied!  I'm quite pleased with this lovely silver chain and heart necklace! The chain is a tad bit on the delicate side but for the price, it's great. <end>
 B000J1F9VK  Sterling Silver Diamond Accented Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful pendant  I purchased this necklace as a Christmas gift for my sister. The pendant is very nice indeed, but the chain is poor quality and seems like it will break easily. With a replacement chain the necklace turned out very beautiful though. <end>  very nice  I purchased this with a gift certificate for myself.For the price you can not complain too much- this necklace is a nice addition to my jewlery box.I suppose the more expensive ones may sparkle a bit more but this is a nice piece. <end>  Not the best quality  The chain is flimsy and weak. The pendant itself is rather cheap looking. The diamond "chips" are so small that there is really no sparkle. However, since I paid only $15 for it, I can't complain that much. I put it on another chain that I had with a smaller pendant to add color and it worked out fairly well. Wait for the Friday Sale for this or the Deal of the Day like I did for a better deal. <end>  Good price for nice necklace  Although staring straight down at the stones they look white, they do have polished tables so are sparkly when you turn it, the slide has two slots nicely done to keep on the chain. There is 2 or 3 inches of extra chain - although it is light, it isn't a tiny chain. It is worth what I paid for it at least. Now it is $5.00 less than I paid when it was The Deal of the Day on March 2007. If you expect perfectly clear diamonds with no inclusions you can't pay only $10 to $15. I would say you can't pay such a low amount and expect a $300.00 necklace. It makes common sense. And, by the way, the metal is sterling silver. <end>  For Price, a Great Buy  My wife loves this necklace. It isn't as fancy, as expensive, or with near as many diamonds as some of her others. But it is simple and attractive, and for the price, I would say definitely worth it.The is perfectly sized, about 2 cm in outside diameter. Every third groove that you see on the picture has a little diamond in it. So, "diamond accented" is a proper description.If you, or your significant other, likes simplicity and the looks of this pendant, I recommend that you go for it. <end>  Pendant's fine, chain is so-so  It's only a $15 necklace, so I wasn't expecting anything spectacular. The chain is kind of flimsy, but I have other silver chains and I just put it in one of those.Very cute for a semi-casual night out, lots of people complimented it. <end>  this is sooooo not worth it  not sure what the metal of the chain is made out of but turned my neck green DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!~ <end>  Quick delivery. Great price.  I have had this necklace for years and it is still in good condition. I do wish it was a bit more sparkly but I didn't buy real diamonds so... I have gotten a lot of compliments and I mentioned I had gotten it on Amazon and the seller's name. Hopefully, others have purchased due to the recommendation. <end>  Cute but cheap  I guess you get what you pay for but I thought it would be a bit nicer than it was, very cheap looking. Not well made <end>  Well... you get what you pay for  I purchased this recently, and I found that the pendant is actually quite pretty. The chain, however, was disappointing. I am inclined to agree with others when they claimed that the chain does look flimsy and/or cheap-looking (which, in retrospect may have been the intended effect because you do pay more attention to the pendant with that type of chain.) I would have been ok with it if it wasn't way too short (certainly not 18 inches). At least the chain fits my Teddy Bear nicely! But for ten bucks, I really shouldn't complain. My suggestion - buy the pendant, ditch the chain and you'll be satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Pretty but not as advertised.  It was pretty but definitely not 18 inches. It was more like 16 inches. <end>  Junk  Not worth the even $15. Cheap and unattrctive. Gave it to my kid <end>
 B000J1F9VU  Sterling Silver Diamond Accented Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  will work for s small child  This is truly a small pendant with a thin chain. It will look nice on a child or a small framed adult. Not as sparkly as shown. Decide for yourself. I got this piece because I had a gift certificate. <end>  Beautiful Necklace - Great Price  I bought this as a "deal of the day" and am very pleased. This is a high quality piece of jewelery th at I enjoy wearing. <end>  Not a good buy  I purchased 3 as small gifts for my sisters along with 3 rings, I did not know that the heart pendant was so small. I am truly dissapointed, it is smaller than my pinky finger nail.=( <end>  Worth at least what it cost and cute, too!  This is a nice diamond accent heart necklace. What should someone expect for $9.99? It has 10 faceted diamonds and I must have a small pinky fingernail as it is bigger than my nail (another reviewer said it was smaller than theirs). As soon as I received it I thought of a nice young lady (teen) who it would be perfect for. I am sure she wouldn't even know it was as inexpensive as I paid for it. If you want fancy (14k gold and flawless blue-white diamonds), and bigger then you have to pay for MORE for it.7/21/12 fixed a typo. <end>  It is ok  It is just ok, not very pretty nor bad. If you want to buy for little girls, it is good, not for adults. <end>  for the price, it is a great little necklace...  I bought this a WHILE ago, and i still have it, and still wear it. (its maybe 1 or 2 years old) the necklace is very dainty, and small. i like the clasp, so you can put it at the length you like it. the diamonds are VERY small, but you can deff. see them when you look real close. My necklace still has not broken, so im gonna say that its something you can wear every day and its not gonna break too easily. <end>  Diamond Heart Necklace  The quality of the necklace is superb. It arrived promptly. Prettier than the picture. <end>  Beautiful and Delicate  This is a beautiful, delicate necklace. The craftsmanship and the price are great! If you are looking for a bold piece of jewelry, this probably isn't for you. <end>  It "grows" on you.  My first impression was one of great disappointment since I had high hopes based on the glowing reviews here. I was expecting it to be small...but not THAT small; it's literally smaller than a dime, maybe even half the size of a dime! The chain is dainty, the diamonds virtually non-existant. I threw it in a box, but on a whim, decided to try it on anyways...and was pleasantly surprised! Although tiny, it works great as just a little "oomph" when you're in one of those moods not to wear any jewelry at all. Also, it would look great with a beautiful shirt, like one with an embellished collar since it wont distract from your main focal point.For the price, it is well worth it as it hint at being girly and feminine in a very subtle way.By the way, I'm 28, and usually prefer big bold jewelry. <end>  Beautiful pendant for young girls  I just received this pendant today, and I am thrilled. I purchased it for one of my nieces, and now I wish I had ordered more than one! It is quite small, as expected, and it shines and sparkles much more than the picture shows. The chain is delicate but seems sturdy enough, and it is a nice match for the heart. Yes, the individual diamonds are so tiny one can hardly see them, but they make the whole pendant sparkle, a lovely effect. Perfect for a young girl, and a bargain as well! <end>  Not as nice as I would have expected.  I got the first of 4 of these I ordered today. And, the diamond chips do not show up the way I've had diamond chips show up in other sterling jewelry. So, I'm a bit disappointed. I did get it at the extra 70% off, so I won't return the ... but I won't give them as a showcase gift to children, but instead along with something else. I think the chain seems rather durable, and in that regard, I think it will work well for kids. <end>  Good for the price, but disappointing  I purchased this necklace for my niece. When I received it I was disappointed because the diamond chips were not even visible to the naked eye. The pendant itself is tiny, but would be nice on a child. The only positive thing is that it comes with an 18" chain and many necklaces come with a 16" chain which I feel is too short.Overall, I was moderately pleased with the item but I would not buy it again. <end>  Pretty and perfect for the price  This necklace is very pretty and perfect for the young girls (11 and 7) I bought it for as a first piece of "nice" jewelry. For the price, I think you're actually getting more than the other posters seem to believe. The heart is about as big as my index fingertip, I was expecting much smaller by other other descriptions. As another reviewer stated, if you want larger diamonds or bigger pendants, you will have to pay more. Great value and lovely piece of jewelry! <end>
 B000J1HD8W  Sterling Silver Small Open Teardrop Earrings ||	  Nice from the font, bad from the back.  I bought these things as an additional gift for my girlfriend as she recently lost a similar pair of earrings. I was replacing a $5 pair she happened to like with the product above for $20. These earrings were not as nice as the $5 pair!! They dangle below the earlobe and are visible from the back -- but they look terrible from the back!! They were bad enough for me to not give them to her. Hopefully, I can return these soon and find another pair that will suffice. <end>  cute, little earrings  I enjoy wearing these earrings. They are small but well made and look great for casual days. <end>
 B000J2KWGQ  Sterling Silver Ring w/ 4 Emerald cut Genuine Blue topaz stones ||	  Good  The ring is very nice, good quality, although the gems are a little lighter than they look in the picture, but overall a good product. <end>
 B000J2KX5G  Sterling Silver Red Coral Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring  This ring is beautifully crafted. Big and Bold but a very wearable size. The color of the red coral is clear and true. <end>  Love it  I have this ring and I love it. It is a great ring for the price. The stone is a dark beautiful red and the sterling silver is shiny. <end>  poor quality  This ring was not what I expected. The stone is very shiny. The little stones around the perimeter look fake. All the stones look plastic-ish. Was super excited to get this ring but I'm returning it. <end>  rating of RED coral ring  I bought this ring looking for a hard to find true RED color of coral. I returned it because the ring I received was too orange in color to suit my needs and didn't match the deep red of the picture. Although I was disappointed in the color, the quality and workmanship, fit and feel, and overall look of the ring were otherwise wonderful. Very unique product. I would recommend the ring to anyone looking for the more traditional orange-red color of coral. <end>
 B000J2KX7Y  Sterling Silver Red Coral Double Band Ring ||	  Not happy with this item  Unfortunately, the stone came off the second day i wore it.This was a surprise and upset.Thank you <end>
 B000J2KXD8  Silver Oval Tanzanite Simulated CZ Ring S10 ||	  beautiful  I have a genuine tanzanite ring but rarely wear it b/c tanzanite is a soft stone and once I scratch it upit cost $500.00 to send it to N.Y. to get polished. I wear this ring to work etc. because it does not fall prey to scratching.The color is very good. Tanzanite is a very hard stone to simulate correctly and this comes the closest I've seen. <end>
 B000J2KXGK  Sterling Silver Designer Three Stone Pink and Clear CZ Ring ||	  sterling silver three stone pink cubic zirconia  I ordered a sterling siver pink cubic zirconia ring - one word gorgeous !!! I couldn't believe the quality - the setting is perfect and the the picture online is so exact--thank you amazon!!!! Donna <end>
 B000J2KY28  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver Designer Inspired CZ Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful gold plated ring.  It is beautiful 24ct gold ring with CZ stones. It is exactly what I thought it would be. I am extremly satisfied with the ring. I get alot of compliments. <end>  Looks great  I really like this ring. It doesn't look fake or cheap. It looks just like the picure (or better). You will like it too. <end>  Ring galord  Well pleased with the Vermeil ring...It looks great and fits just rightOnly one[1] problem....I received two[2] rings...returned one[1] back to the saler...If they have given credit to AMOZON...Please in turn give me credit for the returned item[Ring]Then,all is well <end>  Surprisingly satisfied  My twelve-year-old grandson ordered this ring for himself as a reward for a summer of mowing lawns. I told him that he may be very happy with the ring when it arrives, or that he may be disappointed. He went into the purchase eyes wide open.When the ring arrived, we were both very well delighted. He was especially pleased that the ring looked so good on his hand. I was pleased to find a product that appeared to be of much higher quality than I expeced. My grandson received good value for his money, and was in no way disappointed. The vendor fulfilled his order in record time, adding to my grandson's pleasure. <end>  JZ  I wear very day for the last two months, gold hasn't worn off. Ring wears well, just wish base of the ring on bottom of finger was a little thicker. <end>  Not what I expected....at all!  Yes, the ring has a nice sparkling effect to it, but the quality is beyond poor! It resembles one of those rings that you'd purchase from one of those machines...hands down! <end>
 B000J2KY6E  Genuine Sapphire and Genuine Diamond Accent Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Nice piece of a jewel!  It's a very delicate and nice ring! A very special item! <end>
 B000J2KYEG  Silver .925 bezel GENUINE AZURITE oval Twist Ring S6 ||	  I love this ring  This is a pretty ring. I wear it all the time even to work. It is a very strong ring to take that! <end>
 B000J2L5V2  Pyrrha Lion Seal Necklace ||	  Just Gorgeous!  I just purchased this necklace/pendant, and I really love it! It's beautifully crafted, has an interesting history, was packed and shipped nicely and on time, and I would recommend this to anyone. A real find, and worth the price! <end>
 B000J2M3WW  Preppy Simulated Diamond CZ and Pink CZ Bow Sterling Silver Stackable Ring ||	  A Magic Ring  When I choosed this ring I didn't note that it turns in two rings! Congratulations for the design and the beautiful and fantastic creation from SilverSpeck. I loved it very much.I recommended all of items from SilverSpeck, this seller have a good price and how you see, you always will be satisfied with them. <end>  Bow ring.  I was so pleased with the ring and the customer service as well. I received the ring damaged and immediately contacted the websites customer service, the response was quick and very helpful. I received the new ring very quickly, free of charge, and sent the damaged one back. I've had the ring for about a year now and have had no problems at all. It's so elegant and classy I always wear it. <end>
 B000J2M41C  Men's Chunky Simulated CZ Silver Ring Size 10 ||	  best yet;far better than picture; BUY it looks great!  had this ring for a few monthsit turns my finger green-blackpoor quality silver NOT sterling <end>
 B000J2M47G  DESIGNER Silver Simulated Diamond belt Buckle Ring S10 ||	  It's really cute.  I bought this as a christmas gift for one of my best friends, it's even prettier in person. And she loved it, so if you are thinking about buying this ring...it's totally worth it. <end>  Beautiful  This piece was purchased with a lot of meaning for my sister and me. I bought us each one. Words cannot describe how beautiful this piece is, the picture gives it no justice at all. Blew me away how fast I received it, and how beautiful it really is! OMG, I am in awe. Thank you on so many levels.... <end>  A little sparkle  I had another much more expensive buckle ring that I lost and when I attempted to reorder it, it had been discontinued. After searching for a couple of days, I saw this one and ordered it. I am very happy with it. It is light, but not tinny and has just enough sparkle. It also costs a lot less, so if I lose this one too, It wouldn't be the end of the world. <end>
 B000J2M4O4  Silver GENUINE PERIDOT Heart twisted border Ring Size 6 ||	  FANTASTIC! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!  I absolutely love the ring that I received as a gift so I went to their website and purchased several more Peridot items as I have a couple of friends with August birthdays, hence the Peridots.Silver Speck also offers tremendous customer service. When I had a slight problem with one of my orders, Silver Speck did not hesitate a second to rectify the problem and ensure that I was completely satisfied. I highly recommend Silver Speck as they carry high-quality jewelry at very low prices. You will not be disappointed! <end>
 B000J2MANE  Genuine Tiger Eye and Reconstituted Turquoise Chip Stretch Ring ||	  they are cute but fragile.  i collect these, but keep them at the house because they are sort of fragile, they are exquisite, but dont underestimate the power of the stones, when they get all the bad energy they will break into pieces cuz they are meant to protect, but they are very cute. =) <end>
 B000J2MAOI  Red Genuine Sea Bamboo Coral Chip Stretch Ring ||	  Fun to Wear  What fun to wear, and the price is certainly right!However each piece is large and pointy, making it uncomfortable between the fingers. All in all, a good buy. <end>  Just Beautiful  this ring is just a very pretty vibrant color of red coral it looks genuine very pleased with purchase but this is not a good ring to wear if you are going to be cleaning or doing work with you hands <end>
 B000J2O5QO  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet ring Size 7 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is great. I gave it to my grand-daughter. She loved it. <end>
 B000J2O6BI  Sterling Silver Filigree Ring with Pink Coral ||	  beautiful ring  This is a beautiful ring, with bright colored coral and great carving on the sides. It was shipped very quickly and well-packaged. I have ordered from them before and since, and they have consistently high quality. <end>
 B000J2O6YU  24K GOLD Vermeil PINK cz Marquise cit Stackable Ring S6 ||	  Beautiful rings  These rings are fabulous. I love pink and they are just so cute. The gold over sterling silver has been great, no tarnishing or fading. <end>
 B000J2O71M  Black/White Simulated Diamond Buckle Silver Ring S5 ||	  Gorgeous!  I love this ring! It is such a pretty buckle ring. Dresses up an outfit, but isn't bulky. You can't beat the price, especially for this style and in sterling silver? Forget it. Buy this, you won't regret it. <end>
 B000J2Q13E  Silver Citrine Yellow stone CZ Baguette Ring S10 ||	  Small and delicate  Although the stone is small, this is a beautiful ring, especially if you like yellow. The color is great. <end>
 B000J2Q832  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver Designer Inspired Aquamarine CZ Ring Size 7 ||	  pretty  I LIKE this ring...It is EXACTLY as it looks in the picture. Unfortunately the stone is obviously fake, which is kindof a bummer, but otherwise it's a pretty ring. Good to wear in the summer with a strappy dress & a tan. <end>
 B000J39OVE  18kt Gold Over Sterling Silver U-Shaped Thread Earrings W/ Single Pink Heart CZ ||	  Cute  I love these, although my ears got super itchy and infected. I'm guessing that's due to the silver inside of them. <end>
 B000J3YLDK  Beautiful! 14k White-gold Women's & Men's Claddagh Ring ||	  VERY NICE  I BOUGHT THIS FOR A CHRISTMAS PRESENT, AND WAS SURPRISED AT HOW HEAVY IT IS FOR SUCH A GREAT PRICE..HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! <end>
 B000J432KW  Small Stainless Steel Antique Key Stud Earrings, 1/2 inch High ||	  Really Cute  These are really cute little keys, just the right size,not too big, but yet not tiny. The best thing is that they are surgical steel, which means that they will not tarnish like sterling silver. I had bought a pendant that had a key in the middle & looked everywhere for just a simple key to match, this was perfect. Also, goes with my padlock anklet & earrings which I can mix & match. Could wear a key in one ear & padlock in the other. The padlock is /was available from the same company I bought these from. I love them ! The description does not do them justice. They are much better looking when you actually see them. The price was great !! <end>  Cute and inexpensive!  The earrings were a little larger than I expected, but they are very pretty and well crafted. My sensitive ears haven't had a reaction to the metal so I'm very satisfied. <end>  very nice  Very cute! a little smaller then I expected but love them. My daughter likes them, so its all good!I would suggest them to someone. <end>  good earrings.  it came really fast in the mail. They are a little larger than I thought they were going to be but still very good. <end>  ...  not as cute as the little pad lock earrings sold by the same company.but they are just as you see in the picture.but you need them so you can have a key in one ear and lock in the other, and if you get the key earrings and the lock earrings, then you will have 2 sets of one lock and one key, so you have a gift for someone else. <end>
 B000J468F8  10k White Gold Diamond Accent Flower & Synthetic Pink Sapphire Drop Earrings ||	  Love it  I bought the earring for my 8 yrs old daughter. She wear it and never want to take it off. She received a lot of compliments from her teachers and her friends at school. I would highly recommend <end>
 B000J468HG  14k Yellow Gold Smokey Quartz Pendant, 18" ||	  Smokey Quartz Pendant  The necklace is exactly what I have been looking for for over a year. It is a good quality stone with an excellent setting. It was sent quickly and packaged well. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000J4DANQ  Sardelli - 14k Gold Onyx w/Tiger-Eye Drop Earrings ||	  Unfortunately, expecations not met  The Sandelli - 14k Gold Onyx with tigers-Eye Drop earrings were too loose for my ear and I lost one of the earrings. As a jewelry maker I know when I'm making a set of earrings, the fish hook have the tendency to slip out of the ear. And should have included the little rubber stoppers with their product. It's a smaill thing to build customer relations and loyalty. I even called and spoke to someone in the store asking to buy one earring if they had such a thing. I was reassured they did have extras earrings and would send me out one. Well I'm still waiting and it's been 3 years. Buyer Beware!!! <end>
 B000J4DCMK  Silver Enamel Pink Yellow THEATER MASK CHARM ||	  Tiny- teeny teeny tiny!  I wish the seller had included some kind of dimensions into the description. Using a good magnifying glass, I see the charm is well made and actually quite pretty. I ordered four and decided to sew them onto tote bags to give as gifts to friends who are fans of theatre. For something like that, as a &#34;decorative piece&#34;, these worked out. However, I would never give these as a stand alone gift! <end>
 B000J4DCXY  .925 Silver BASEBALL CHARM Sport Ball ||	  Just half a baseball  Very pretty charm with a lot of detail. Please keep in mind that it is not round, it is half a shell, basically. If you don't mind that, you'll be very happy with this purchase =) <end>  Adorable baseball charm  Adorable little baseball. A perfect addition to the "Twilight" charm bracelet I put together for my daughter. <end>
 B000J4DCZW  Sterling Silver Oval Mother Of Pearl Pendant Locket, 18" ||	  not what i expected  it is mother of pearl and silver. that much is true. it is smaller and cheaper looking than it appears in the picture. my piece also had a very obvious imperfection in the center of the stone. granted, they won't all have that. they are all unique stones. i just hoped the company would be more choosey about what they are willing to sell to their customers. <end>  Very Nice  VERY pleased. Was one of the few small but substantial sized lockets I could find. The craftmanship was good. Nice buy. I ended up ordering another one. <end>
 B000J4DD9C  Sterling Silver Lightning Bolt Novelty Charm Pendant ||	  Why is this still being advertised?  I went to buy 6 of these and was informed the company was no longer selling this item. It took me a long time to find just the right item only to have the rug pulled out from under me. Pull this ad or honor my request. <end>  Great penant!  My boyfriend loves lightning bolts and this one hung on a silver chain made a much appreciated gift! Looks great! <end>  Lightning Bolt Charm  Charm is the correct word. It is perfect. My grandson's high school team is called Chargers. Their symbol is a lightning bolt. This charm is the correct look for their mascot. The size is perfect for a charm bracelet too. Very excited about it. I ordered a second one too. <end>  Ok for the price  The quality wasn't exactly as nice as I had hoped for, but it is nice for the price. I was expecting it to be uniform, but the back is indented and unfinished, and it is actually on a little keyring- style ring that I find tacky. I'll probably spring for a nicer one to replace this unfortunately, but honestly it is good for the price, although the shipping seems way expensive for something this small! <end>  LOVE IT!  I ordered this charm for my charm bracelet and I love it! I was worried because it was so cheap but it looks great! It even came in a little pouch. It is more than I expected and looks great on my bracelet. I will definitely order products from this company again in the future. <end>  Not what I expected...  At the time of my purchase, it was unclear of its size. But it was still nice and shipped smoothly. <end>  size matters  I loved my charm, it showed up on time but the size disappointed me. I was hoping for bigger but since they didnt tell you how bid it was I guess its fine. its only 1 1/2" long. <end>  Ordered 6 pendants  We ordered the bolts as graduation gifts for our son and his friends who also play on the same hockey team and used the lightning bolt for three years as their logo. Received them in less then a week and were very happy with them. <end>  so cute, nice silver, inexpensive  I love this little lightening bolt. I was worried it wouldn't be good quality, but it was so inexpensive I took the chance, and was so surprised about the quality. It's little, but perfect for a little charm necklace. Have seen basically the same thing for much more $$$. <end>  Struck by lightning  I ordered these for graduation gifts. Although the recipients were pleased, I thought they would be a little heavier. <end>  lightning crashes  Ordered 20 of the charms and received them in less than a week. Cute little charm, just what I expected. <end>  Perfect...  Couldn't be happier - this is exactly what I was looking for and the price couldn't have been better. This seller ships super fast. An awesome for any Ace Frehley fan ;-) <end>  lightening bolt charm  No problem with this order. Must have been bad timing on previous reviewer's order. Fast shipping. Charm is exactly what I expected.I am happy. Thanks <end>
 B000J4DDN8  Sterling Silver Sapphire & Diamond Accent Past Present Future Necklace ||	  Looks too Fake.  This pendant looks much better in the pic than in person. It's not shiny or special looking, just dull. And, the necklace fell apart after one wearing. I don't recommend it. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  This is a very stunning addition to my jewelry box. Very beautiful stones & I love the design. Would highly recommend adding this to a fall/winter wardrobe. <end>  Not What It Looks Like  I ordered this sapphire earrings and matching necklace for my daughter's birthday. First, it did not arrive in time and next it was not what it looked like. I thought it was very cheaply made (yes, I didn't pay much for it)but I was unhappy so returned it. <end>
 B000J4DIEM  Sterling Silver pendant with Genuine Blue Topaz ||	  Item was smaller than expected  The pendant was smaller than I expected, even based on the dimensions given - maybe I just couldn't picture the size. The blue topaz stone was a little light in color. I ordered this with a pair of blue topaz earrings which I didn't keep, so I really didn't need to keep the pendant. I returned the items together for a refund and was very pleased at the speed at which I got the refund. I was also pleased at the speed of delivery of the items. <end>  Pretty but not substantial  The stone is pretty, but the whole piece seems too lightweight... cheap. When you hold it in your hands it doesn't have any weight to it. It doesn't look like an expensive piece of jewelry. <end>  Decent genuine blue topaz pendant for a low low price  I ordered this pendant along with a heart-shaped blue topaz ring for a total of CAD. 22, including the s/h fee. The actual item that I have just received is identical to the one shown in the photo. The center stone is pretty. The blue colour is authentic. The chain that came with the pendant is surprisingly nice. I think the chain alone would have been around CAD. 12 to 15 (before tax) in Sears or the Bay. This item is a great buy. <end>
 B000J4DIJ2  Sterling Silver Genuine Diamond Accent and Blue Topaz stone X and Oval Pendant ||	  Great, but product was not as big as described.  I bought a topaz stone, which was described as 8mm by 15mm. I had measured that out and thought is was big enough. It came on time. But was only 6mm by 12mm. I know it's not that big of a deal. I would consider other sellers before. <end>  beautiful  I love it. I gave it as a gift to my friend in memory of her daughter, she loved it! <end>
 B000J4DKOK  Sterling Silver Round Murano Glass Millefiori Flower Pendant ||	  Perfect pendant  After seeing the beautiful Murano glass while visiting Italy, I had to purchase this necklace for my wife. The colors in the necklace I received were different than the colors in the picture but the pendant was incredible. The glass brings out the vibrance of the colors.The seller shipped the product extremely fast and it arrived in perfect shape. I would buy from this seller again and highly recommend them. <end>  Love It!  After wearing this necklace, I'm hooked on Amazon. The quality of the product is amazing and the attention I received whenever I wear it proves it! I'm sharing my little secret with all my friends! Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B000J4DL0S  Sterling Silver Genuine Rhodochrosite Stone Twisted Border Oval Pendant ||	  Smaller than anticipated  It is smaller than I anticipated; however, it is a nice little piece for the price. <end>
 B000J4DL6M  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Filigree Modern Heart Pendant ||	  I like it  When I bought this item, I thought it's just the pendant but the surprise was doubled; I received my item in just 13 days in the time I expected to receive it in 23 days, in the other part I didn't expect to receive the item with its chain and this really surprise me because I get it with the chain.definitely I will buy from this company, I think it's the only company that export to my country.thank you so much <end>
 B000J4DLAI  Unique Sterling Silver Rose and Leaf Filigree Pin ||	  Stunning and beyond beautiful!!!! Great service and delivery.  These stunning pins were given to key executives in a woman's global leadership event. We encouraged leaders to "rise above the thorns...bloom, grow and be fragrant!" They shipped immediately, arrived in beautiful cream faux leather pouches and were a big hit. Thank you for such an exceptional product and a fantastic price. It is now a coveted symbol of recognition and beautiful accessory! Don't hesitate - this will not last - they are absolutely gorgeous!!! I've been enjoying Amazon for years - but this is my first review. Quite an exceptional product and I had to write. Enjoy!!! <end>
 B000J4DMPC  Vermeil (24K Gold Over Sterling Silver) and Silver Two Tone Simulated CZ Flip Flop Sandal Pendant ||	  Pretty!  It is a pretty pendant with good quality.I bought it for my friend and she like it very much. <end>
 B000J4DMZW  Genuine Hematite Healing Magnets ||	  a bit dasappointed  When I found this, I was delighted. I ordered it, and it took very very long to ship, and arrive. When it arrived, it was exactly the same as something I already owned. The product description was too vague for me to tell what it was. I can't say I'll be coming back unless the descriptions get better. Since I'm blind, it makes no sense for there to be accurate pictures, but not written descriptions to go along with them. <end>
 B000J4DN1K  Sterling Silver Genuine Fiery Opal & Diamond Accent Pendant and Earring Jewelry Set ||	  Worth the Price  Was an early X-mas gift to my mom, she loved it. The opals are truly beautiful. the chain is a little short, almost a choker, but sits at the hallow of the throat. <end>  Beautiful opal necklace and earring set  This opal necklace and earring set is absolutely gorgeous. I was so very pleased with it when it arrived. It is an excellent price for the two of them as well. <end>  beautiful gift for my mom  When I got married I purchased necklaces for everybody in the wedding party. The fiery opal and diamond was for my mom. She collects opals. For the price this was a steal. She loved it, and thought I had spent alot. <end>  Broken  I recently received this item; my only complaint is the very first time I went to insert one of the studs, the stud broke from the pole. What good is one earring?Other than that, it's very beautiful. <end>  very nice!  I ordered this as a gift for my daughter-in-law and we were both very pleased. The set was very nice and as described on the website. <end>
 B000J4DPOK  Silver .925 Oval Textured Link Tennis Bracelet 7 inch ||	  Very Nice  I like this bracelet very much. The silver is shiny, it has a nice lobster claw clasp and it's very light. I've looked at hundreds of bracelets and rarely come across one with a 7" length. The one I received is 7 1/8" and 5mm in width. It's a nice bracelet for the price. <end>
 B000J4DQ26  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) X and O Bracelet with Genuine Diamond accents & Genuine Sapphire stones ||	  Beautiful bracelet  This was the first time I ordered from Silverspeck and was very pleased with the product. I purchased it for my sister-in-law's birthday and she was thrilled. The bracelet is very elegant and feels like great quality jewelry. She wore it with a dressy outfit and then left it on with a more casual look and it worked for both. I would definitely recommend this product. <end>
 B000J4DQ8A  Sterling Silver Sapphire & CZ Infinity Bracelet ||	  Not good quality  Have had for a little over a month and silver coating seems to be coming off and rusting (does not seem to be real sterling silver) BAD PRODUCT STAY AWAY!!! <end>
 B000J4DQIK  Sterling Silver CZ Estate Bracelet ||	  Gorgeous Bracelet  I brought this bracelet to wear at my 50th Life Celebration and it is such a beautiful and gorgeous bracelet. I received so many compliment and looking back at my pictures, the bracelet really stood out. It is truly a lovely and stunning jewerly to wear to a special occasion and the price is reasonably. I LOVE IT!! If you looking for a very beautiful bracelet to wear, please buy this one, you will love it. <end>  Too shiny ?!  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my GF and she loved it. She even complained about how it out shines her other jewelry! So far, the build quality is very good and my GF has been wearing it all the time. It was bigger than I expected it to be. Only negative is that it comes in a cheap small pouch, in case it's been bought as a gift.Great buy <end>
 B000J4DQVM  Sterling Silver `I LOVE YOU` Charm Bracelet ||	  beautiful bracelet!! worth the money  bought this bracelet for my girlfriend she loves it its beautiful and its worth the money!! <end>
 B000J4DRHU  Black Cats Eye Beaded Power Bracelet ||	  beautiful  absolutely beautiful, more beautiful in person, shiny cat eye beadsSuch an incredible price, I will do business with this Co. again <end>
 B000J4DRKW  Genuine Tiger Eye Stone Chip Bracelet ||	  Great Gift Idea  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>  Tight it is...  But I have learned to love tiger eye because of this bracelet. Very energizing and soothing at the same time. I wish they had the same necklace. <end>  Nice  Chips are beautiful but it doesn't seem like it's made to wear everday. The band seems like it has streched and can break at any moment. It's still going strong but it feels like I need to wear with care. <end>  Beautiful bracelet  I love this bracelet. The stones are beautiful and of good quality. The bracelet has a nice shimmer and the size of the stone chips is appropriate. Exactly as shown in the picture. I have been wearing this bracelet daily since I received it and the stretch is very comfortable. The beautiful pouch that came with this bracelet was definitely a bonus. <end>  cute but cheap  This bracelet is cute.. but small and cheap. I feel like it will break as soon as I put it on. I will be buying a different, more sturdy one. <end>
 B000J4DRM0  Melanoma Skin Cancer Awareness Black Genuine Swarovski Crystal Bracelet ||	  Melanoma skin cancer bracelet  This bracelet is truly beautiful and looks great with every outfit. This is a great way to support melanoma cancer awareness! <end>
 B000J4DRYS  Hawaiin New Jade Chip Bracelet ||	  Beautiful and soothing  It is pleasant simply to look at this charming bracelet. In addition, it is a bit wider than other chip bracelets by Silverspeck, so it does not leave any trace on the skin, unlike some of the tighter ones. <end>  Great Gift Idea  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000J4DRZ2  Genuine Green Turquoise Nugget and Sterling Silver Bali Bead Bracelet ||	  Not satisfied with the product  The bracelet I purchased is quite old and few marks on it. So totally not upto what was shown. <end>
 B000J4DS7E  Sterling Silver Genuine Lavender Jade X and Oval Bracelet ||	  It is so beautiful!  I do love this dainty bracelet. The 10 lavender jade stones are the perfect size. They are displayed to perfection on the silver background.J. A. BuxtonEither of my books listed on Amazon.comwould make a fun and inexpensive giftHome of the Red Fox1,000 Words or Less - A Collection of Short Stories <end>  Fabulous! Beautiful Color.  I just got this today and I love, love, love it! (squeal of delight) The stones are a lovely shade of lavender, much lighter than in the picture. Because of the nature of jade, there's a slight variation in the color of the stones, but not enough to make them look mismatched. The silver is highly polished. Nicely made. A true 7" length and about 1/4" wide. I can't wait to wear it. (more squealing). Update  I bought another bracelet to give to my daughter. It's darker than the first one I bought, I would call it purple, but just as nice. <end>
 B000J4DSD8  Simulated Red Coral Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Doesn't look like the picture  There is much more black on the braclet then is shown in the picture. Appears to be a form of weathering. <end>  Nice beads for the price  The beads are smaller than they look but they are very nice. They look good on and the red is a very nice shade of red. They all match nicely and look good. <end>
 B000J4DSEM  Sterling Silver Multi Color Millefiori Murano Glass Bead Bracelet ||	  Interesting Bracelet But TOO TIGHT!!!  Love the look of this bracelet. Very funky and feminine. HOWEVER, not enough beads for this stretch bracelet and so the bracelet is TIGHT and I have skinny wrists. I wear it anyway but when I remove it, you can see every bead mark on my arm for the next hour. <end>
 B000J4FDDG  Trendy! Sterling Silver Red Coral Pendant ||	  coarse workmanship  I was really dispointed when I received this pendant.How can it make in such a way?the serface is coarse and the back is full of black glue.Though it is in good design, but it is not looks like the picture. <end>  Great pendant  This is a great pendant - I've gotten a lot of compliments on it. I did notice, though, that the stones are very uniform (no variation in color, and no bits of darker color (like black) that you normally see in red coral). The red is brighter than what I see in the image on my monitor, but it is a very nice red. <end>
 B000J4FMWI  Murano Glass Sterling Silver Bead Multi Color Millefiori Flower Heart Pendant ||	  Very Pretty Heart Pendant  I purchased this as a gift for my wedding party. The pendant is very pretty and versatile. I was disappointed by the quality of the chain, however it will be fine for this gift. If it were mine, I would change the chain to something better. The pendant is pretty mosaic and shows alot of color, especially in the light. Overall, a very good value and a nice gift! <end>  nice but not what I was looking for  Hello-The heart necklace was very nice but it was not what I had pictured. The one lady at customer service was very nice and helpful, when I inquired but when I saw the necklaces I was just a little disappointed. If I could have had the one on the advertisement, I would have kept it. The service was outstanding and fast. I would order again in the future. <end>
 B000J4FN2C  Sterling Silver Genuine Azurite Stone Twisted Border Oval Pendant ||	  Beautiful pendant  This pendant is lovely, came promptly and is exactly as pictured. Purchase also included the chain which makes it a real bargain. <end>
 B000J4FPJS  Sterling Silver Sunflower Toe Ring ||	  Charming filigree  The picture doesn't do the ring justice, it's much shinier in person. The flowers blend in with the leaves to look like filigree. The flowers look more like daisies than sunflowers. When worn, it's decorative and complex, yet sophisticated- which is not a word I would usually use to describe a toe ring! It's easily adjustable, yet substantial, and very comfortable to wear. This was an impulse buy, and I am glad I made it! <end>  Nice Toe Ring  I have worn this toe ring for several years now without ever taking it off!! It never tarnishes, has held up through socks and shoes of all seasons. It is even comfortable on my foot while wearing pantyhose and working at a busy restaurant! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that is sometimes doesn't hold its shape and the front gets pinched up a little and I have to squeeze it back, but I think that would happen with any toe ring you wear all the time! It is also very pretty and I get a lot of compliments on it! <end>
 B000J4FPLQ  Sterling Silver Beautiful Polished Toe Ring ||	  Really cute, a little thin  I ordered this for my sister, she loved it. It was a little thinner than I had imagined, but it was a perfect fit for a toe ring! <end>  slim band, good quality  Have ordered from this company many times before, nice quality, fast ship. Band as pictured, on the slim side, nice. <end>  Stylish and comfortable  I love this toe ring! It is adjustable but not bulky at all and keeps it simple. I like it a lot! <end>  Pretty!  I LOVE this toe ring. I'm always in the sand and at the beach every weekend, and I never take this toe ring off. It was a little big for me, so I twisted it around my toe to fit better. I get a lot of compliments on this toe ring--even with how small and simple it is. It never turned colors, rusted, or changed within the many months I had it.Would probably make a nice gift, too. <end>  It is lovely!!  My wife loves this ring, she previously bought a different one and it broke, so i give her this one like a week after and she really loves that on her toe,nice,beautiful and cheap. <end>  Never take it off.  I love this toe ring because it is hearty and I keep it on my toe all year round. It doesn't rub in a strange way and allows me to wear it even when I am jogging. I want to eventually order another just the same for the other foot. Is a large gauge silver piece and not easily bent. <end>  LOVE IT  i literally wear this every day and it's so cute! i get compliments all the time! it's really nice and doesn't look cheap at all! <end>  Simple but nice  Very nice yet simple my kind of toe ring!!I like that I was able to track my package also very nicely put together package <end>
 B000J4FPPW  Sterling Silver ButterFly Toe Ring ||	  Lovely and a great price  The price is great, but I wish it were a bit larger- as squeezing it to make it fit tight tended to pinch the back of my toe. I had to remove it from my toe because it was irritating me. It may just be me- as the ring doesn't really accommodate too well when the feet swell. I have purchased other toe rings and do not have this problem with them.It's a lovely ring and I am pleased with the purchase overall, I'm currently wearing it as a pinky ring and it still looks lovely. <end>
 B000J4FS8Q  Sterling Silver X and O Bracelet w/ Black Genuine Sapphire & Genuine Diamond accents ||	  well all is not lost.....  i bought this as a gift for my mom, have not given it to her yet, but it is not what i expected, the piece just does not look as classy as what was shown on product page. It looks a bit dull. But was hoping for a bit more...clasps are a bit annoying to do up as well, you're definitely gonna need some help there. I bought it to match a pendant that i got her and it does do that. <end>
 B000J4FSJU  Sterling Silver Polished San Marco Bracelet ||	  Wow!  This is quite the bracelet. If you like silver, you'll love this! Substantial and weighty looking without being heavy or clunky. FYI  Because of the nature of Marco bracelets, when it's clasped it still has some give in it, but it takes on characteristics of a bangle, but that doesn't detract from it's beauty. Highly polished. Length 6 3/4", width 3/8". <end>
 B000J4FSRM  Sterling Silver Bracelet with Multi color Cubic Zirconia (CZ) ||	  Wow.  Living in London it is almost impossible to find the multi colour tennis bracelet as beautiful as this one without finding few zeros added to the price tag (the Sapphire and white gold version). When I received it this morning, I have to say that it looks even better than I expected it to. The quality of the bracelet is so good, it looks like white gold and not silver. The service was great too because it came sooner than the estimated time. I really have nothing bad to say about this product. <end>
 B000J4FT4E  Sterling Silver Turquoise Chip Necklace ||	  Lovely light necklace  This is a snug, fine necklace which is lovely to wear, as it is not as heavy as stone necklaces often are. I recommend it to anyone who loves wearing stones, but does not want to be hampered by them. Do note however that it it is a close fit around the neck, in case you wouldn't like that. <end>  nice quality but smaller than expected  the turqouise has nice color, but the chips are truly chips....and much smaller than I had expected. I actually ended up using this as a gift as it wasn't what I had expected or was looking for. Good choice if looking for a delicate turquoise piece. <end>  great necklace  I bought this for my daughter for christmas and she wears it all of the time. It is substantial, but not a large piece. Very well made. <end>
 B000J4FU1G  Genuine Amethyst Peridot Citrine Crystal Chip Bracelet ||	  matchs my rings!  I needed some color on my right wrist, and found this that matches the rings that I wear all the time. <end>  It has the look and feel of plastic beads  I haven't taken this bracelet to a gemologist yet, but I suspect the word "genuine". I own many crystals, and this has the look and feel of plastic. If I take it to a gemologist I will edit this review and let you know for sure. Just be warned it is suspect, and in my opinion not worth the purchase. <end>  nice bracelet  Ordered this for Feng Shui (Citrine and amethyst), it's fun to wear for wealth and properity! <end>  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>  Chip Bracelet  Beautiful bracelet! Excellent price and FAST shipping. I bought the necklace and earrings and they are gorgeous as well. I will definitely shop SilverSpeck via Amazon in the future. <end>
 B000J4FU4I  Sterling Silver Simulated Tanzanite Stone and Genuine Diamond Accent S and Oval Tennis Bracelet ||	  Quality piece of jewelry  This bracelet is really very nice. The Tanzanite looks VERY good and everything sparkles beautifully. I see where one reviewer said it was a little big...it is a full 7" bracelet, but it's not slipping off my hand. Good tight clasp and the prong sets for the stones seem very strong. Not too heavy, either. I love it. What a great Mother's Day present from my husband! <end>  Bracelet!  This is beautiful. And while the tanzanite is simulated and the diamonds are just tiny chips, they come together quite nicely. A great choice for someone who does not want to go broke buying genuine tanzanite! It sparkles in the light and I have received many compliments on it. <end>  Simulated Tanzanite Stone bracelet  This is a very nice bracelet for the price and I am happy with the color matching a ring and drop I have. My only problem is the size is a little too big and easily comes off my wrist. <end>
 B000J4FU70  Sterling Silver Reconstituted Turquoise Pink Coral and Genuine Mother of Pearl Beaded Bracelet ||	  Silver, Turquoise Bracelet  I brought this to coordinate with a muli colored turquoise, and coral necklace, it matched color wise but the quality doesnt match the presence of the necklace. It's a lot smaller in person, and crafty. <end>
 B000J4FUD4  Sterling Silver CZ Pave Chain Link Bracelet ||	  Very beautiful  Very well made and nicely sized making it look like white gold with diamonds. At a great price, really worth it. It has a very classy feel and not to flashy for regular day use. Fast delivery. Smooth and easy transactions with this seller. Highly recommend for value and quality. <end>
 B000J4FUUM  Genuine Carnelian Stone 4mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Great value  I bought this because I needed to draw some spiritual strength from the carnelian. Since it stretches, it's really comfortable to wear. These look especially pretty worn in bunches (I bought 5). Contrasts nicely with any earthtone colored clothing. That's my favorite color palette, so these are quickly becoming my signature piece!Notes on Carnelian The wearing of carnelian is recommended to those who have a weak voice or are timid in speech, for the warm-colored stone will give them the courage they lack, so that they will speak both boldly and well," reports G. E Kunz, well known gemologist and historian.Spiritual Properties  full of life force energy, stabilizing, grounding, stimulates creativity, courage, a stone for success, invigoratingThe color of carnelian gemstones range from transparent orange to dark red with white veins. Carnelian gemstones are in the chalcedony family of quartz. Carnelian gets its red color from iron oxide. Carnelian Lore  Carnelian is thought for its creativity, individuality, and courage. It can aid memory, prevent anger, jealousy and fear. It also helps to remove sorrows. <end>
 B000J4FUWU  Genuine Red Tiger Eye Stone 4mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Poor quality  I was so disappointed in this product. It isn't worth shipping back and remains in my junk drawer in the envelope that it came in. There are gaps between beads as though someone wore it and stretched it out. Also, there is a visible "bead" which is where the stretch material was fused. <end>
 B000J4FYL2  Multi Color Genuine Peridot, Blue Topaz, Amethyst and Citrine Silver X O Bangle Bracelet ||	  Look nice  The bracelett look nice and it compete with branded product that are sold at 10 times the price <end>
 B000J4FZCK  Sterling Silver 1/8ct Diamond Double Circle Necklace, IJ-I3 ||	  Okay Necklace  Necklace is cute, but is kind of lackluster. Not the best quality but okay for $20 or less. Anything more would be overpriced. <end>  Not quite right...  This necklace looked like a cheap piece of bad costume jewelry. Not the $29 price tag for sure. I don't recommend it to anyone. <end>  it looks so beautiful!  loved it!! I bought it for a xmas gift, but I will get one for my self, its bigger than I thought. you cannot see the diamonds that easily, but it looks expensive! <end>  Isn't worth the price.  Would not suggest this to anyone. Much smaller than anticipated and is not worth the price or time it took to receive it. Also it came in a plastic bag with no box. <end>  Love this necklace  This necklace is beautiful and goes with many of my outfits. I highly recommend this necklace. Have received many compliments when I wear it. <end>  looks cheap  The pendant looks really cheap even comparing with other cheap diamond silver jewelery. The chain is not shiny looks oxidized. If you were able to see the diamonds you'll find them opaque, dark colored, does not sparkle at all and some of them are broken. The packaging is the only good thing. I would not recommend it. <end>  awesoem product  this is a very pretty necklace. the only problem is the chain is cheap, replace it and you're fine. sometimes a pain when it gets tangled because of the double rings, but otherwise very good <end>  Good, Quality Jewelry  I bought this as a gift since it was on the "Deal of the Day".The price was right. I was even more impressed with the quality. It is very eye catching and the light catches the diamonds real nicely. The chain is nice and durable.It is definitely a good, quality piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000J4FZF2  24K Gold Vermeil (Gold over Sterling Silver) I Love You Necklace Heart Necklace Valentine's Day 18" ||	  Happy happy  I was so happy that I found this necklace. My Dad gave me this when I was a little girl before he passed away. It was lost in a move with all my photos of him. So thanks for making me very very happy <end>
 B000J4FZYI  Sterling Silver 4mm Faceted Genuine Onyx Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  lusterous  These are really small faceted onyx, but wonderful quality and beautiful luster. I received this necklace very quickly. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  black faceted necklace  I just received this necklace and it is just so lovely. I had seen a similar necklace for much more money and this one lookslike the more expensive one, the only difference being in the clasp which yours has an extender and the other one did not.I may buy another one or two. They are great buys. <end>  Black beauty  During the Victorian period,black Onyx as much as Green Onyxwere to accompanied the style of dressing aparted from Garnet.Women's clothing then were adorned by this gemstones in differentdesigns even over their handbags.Women today can as well wear this stone as earrings and necklace inmodern designs according to time.Black onyx with yellow goldwould look simply gorgeous for an evening out. <end>
 B000J4GF2Y  WOW Silver Leaping DOLPHIN CHARM Fish sea * ||	  Very pretty and bigger than I thought it would be  My teenage daughter loves dolphins and she was very happy to open this on Christmas morning.Great value for the price too! <end>
 B000J4GLV4  Sterling Silver Celebrity Inspired CZ Lightning Bolt Zap Slide Pendant ||	  Excellent!  This is the symbol of my daughter's cheer squad and mascot of her Regional school teams. I bought one for myself to wear at her competitions for spirit. My daughter loved it, so I bought her one for Christmas. After her cheer competition season ended we got all the coaches and officers, they were a really big hit. Now a lot of the cheer squad is also ordering them. Exactly what is seen in the photo is what you get, nice bling for the females too. <end>  Lightening bolt necklace  I bought this necklace as a gift for my daughter. She loves it and gets alot of compliments on it. We both thought that it would be larger but should have read the dimensions closer. I wear it myself once in awhile, it is a unique piece of jewelry. <end>  Silver Celebrity Zig Zag Lightning Bolt CZSlide Pendant  I bought this pendant for my 14 year old daughter. She loved it. It's sparkles just right without being overbearing. It's dainty yet makes a bold statement. Both my daughter and I are satisfied with the purchase. <end>
 B000J4GLWI  Sterling Silver Genuine Onyx Marcasite Oval Locket Pendant ||	  Already broken  Bought this locket as a welcome home gift for my wife after she had our first baby. She loved the locket with the photo of her and my new born daughter together in it but did not love how the clasp stoped working preventing the locket from closing. Very dissapointed. <end>
 B000J4GM2C  Sterling Silver Filigree Marcasite & Amethyst Cross Necklace, 18" ||	  Beautiful addition to any jewelry box!  I love this locket! Very pretty, and very well made. I got it for a birthday gift for my mother in law! It's much prettier in person than in the picture! <end>  Great product for the price  I just received the locket in the mail and I have to say it is very pretty. My only problem is that the locket opens if you shake it at all, leaving me to believe it will not be great for everyday use. <end>  No picture protection  Silver Filigree Marcasite Genuine Amethyst Cross LocketThe cutouts offer NO protection to the 2 pictures I would like to put in it. A locket after all is meant to be worn for years AND protect the contents. The locket is essentially an open picture frame and rain or humidity will ruin my pics. Please mention this feature IN the ad. I had no Christmas present for my daughter, paid shipping and now have to pay shipping back.The marcasite elements are SO minute that the piece has no dazzle which marcasite has a reputation for.Spring clasp on chain sticks open, does not open all the way; too undependable. <end>  ;-(  I liked the necklace but teethe hinge is loose and makes it crooked, which makes it look cheap, disappointing! My Luke this holiday season was notgood <end>  Great value  Great value- super inexpensive and very lovely. I gave this to my grandmother for Christmas since Amethyst is her birth stone. She loved it  ) <end>  Beautiful !  I love this! It shipped quickly. The locket itself is wonderful. The chain is thin and was in a knot when I got it, but I'm good at getting out knots so no harm done! Overall I'm happy with this pretty necklace! <end>
 B000J4GP6A  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Genuine Rose Quartz Stone Oval Pendant ||	  STERLING SILVER BALI BEAD GENUINE ROSE QUARTA STONE OVAL PENDANT  Yet another excellent product from this seller; beautifully delicate rose quartz drop pendant on a sterling silver chain; perfect gift idea!! AA+++++++ for this seller . . . would definitely order from them again!!! <end>
 B000J4GRCC  Sterling Silver 4mm Reconstituted Turquoise Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  Lovely very satisfied.  Good product, looks very pretty. I am very satisfied for the price I paid. <end>
 B000J4GREA  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Carnelian Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  Color is off  This turns out to be more of a ketchup color than a vibrant red and it's really sized more appropriately for juniors/older girls. <end>
 B000J4GRVI  Sterling Silver 4mm Genuine Amethyst Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  Let down  The color is bright and beautiful but that's about it..I though the balls were going to be bigger and infact, the whole set is cheaply made and unattractive..cheap set, cheap quality. <end>  perfect petite amethysts  Very nice quality and beautiful range of coloring in these beads. For me, they are a perfect petite size. The price for a 3-piece set like this is quite great! <end>
 B000J4GS8K  Sterling Silver Rose Toe Ring ||	  Over priced and cheaply made.  Not worth the money. Very cheaply made. Bent immediately. Broke quickly. If I could give it NO stars I would. <end>
 B000J4GS9O  Sterling Silver Celtic Trinity Knot Toe Ring ||	  Celtic toe ring  This toe ring arrived as pictured and it arrived earlier than promised. The ring is beautiful and I get compliments on it quite a bit. I wear it all the time and it has not tarnished. The one thing I don't like is that it has a tendency to move on my toe. The ring is adjustable so that's probably why.It does not turn all the way around but it shifts from side to side. The movement is the only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5.I would buy from this company again. <end>  toe ring  Would not buy another one! This ring didn't even look like real silver and once cleaned it looked worse. Very disappointed. <end>  Just the right toe ring for me  I love my toe rings. I wear them year round and this one is perfect for that. It is comfortable and is plenty large enough for me. I wear a size 7 shoe and have a medium sized toe and the ring is plenty big for me. I noticed another reviewer thought it was small. Not so for me. It is great. It looks good and I will really enjoy having it on my vacation down south this winter. <end>  Size matters  Expected it to be larger. Will pay more attention to gram weight/price in the future. It would be fine for a teen. <end>  So sweet!  This has got to be THE most comfortable toe ring I have ever worn! I love the way it fits and feels and looks. The trinity is my symbol of life and I am overjoyed to have found such an amazing toe ring that can add to the many ways I can wear the trinity. <end>  GREAT PRODUCT!  Very happy - Bought this one year ago and it is still beautiful and bright. It was priced reasonably as well. <end>
 B000J4GUS8  Sterling Silver .925 MENS link CHAIN Necklace 18 in. long ||	  Great value  Great value for a aesthetically pleasing chain. Not much else to say because the picture does the job for you. <end>
 B000J4GV5K  Shimmer and Sparkle! Sterling Silver X & O Bracelet ||	  Not as substantial as it looks  This is a cute bracelet in sterling, but the links were essentially formed over a mold...so the underside is hollow. In the picture it seems to be a substantial bracelet with a little weight to it. And the product weight is listed in lbs which is clearly incorrect, but I was a little disappointed when it arrived. If it was purchased for me, I would have returned it. On the other hand, my son's 15 y/o girlfriend (for whom it was intended) was thrilled. <end>
 B000J4GVBY  Sterling Silver CZ Round Tennis Bracelet ||	  BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!  This bracelet is so beautiful! Nobody would ever know they are not real diamonds. The setting is just great, light shines in from all directions. They way the stones are set THEY CAN'T FALL OUT. I would give this bracelet a "10" if the rating went that high. <end>
 B000J4GVI2  Sterling Silver Bracelet with Simulated Aquamarine CZ ||	  Over weight!  The information shows this bracelet weighs 14.5 pounds. I find that incredible and bet it's a mistake. I would not want to order and try to wear a bracelet that heavy!!Flo Philips <end>
 B000J4GVNM  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Bracelet with Genuine Diamond accents ||	  USE CZS NOT TINY WINY DIAMONDS  Love their designs and they have always been a good seller. SilverSpeck.... PLEASE use czs in your products instead of these disgusting little diamond chips that no one seems to like. Either they are to small and no one can notice them or there is barely any to notice. Little czs would be waaayyy more attractive. TRUST me on this one  ) <end>
 B000J4GWIG  Sterling Silver Square and Circle Simulated Tanzanite CZ and Simulated CZ Tennis Bracelet ||	  Beautiful tanzanite  This is a beautiful and substantial sized imitation tanzanite bracelet. I expected a smaller tennis bracelet, but this is the perfect size. The imitation tanzanite stones are clear and sparkle with red and blue flashes of light just like real, quality tanzanite. The stones are not dark blue as seen in the picture, but more translucent and lavender colored. If you like amethyst or lavender tanzanite you will enjoy this bracelet. <end>
 B000J4GWOA  Sterling Silver Teal Cats Eye Bead and Bar Bracelet ||	  bracelet  It is so delicate looking. The blue color is as shown. Bought it to go wth a certain shirt. very happy <end>
 B000J4GWVS  Sterling Silver CZ Flower Filigree Bracelet ||	  Love it!  Bought this to wear for wedding last month....got tons of compliments on it from people that thought it was the real thing. Since I don't like to take my real jewelry when I go out of the country, this will be a great addition to my "travel" collection. <end>  Sterling Silver CZ Flower Filigree Bracelet  You will not be disappointed. This bracelet is absolutely gorgeous, when the light hits it, it just sparkles. Very pretty detail and high quality made. Approximately 6-7mm in width. I'm going to get so much pleasure from wearing this bracelet. I am very happy with this purchase and seller shipped item out fast. This bracelet is worth every penny I spent on it and more  ) <end>  gorgeous bracelet!  I am very pleased with this bracelet! it looks really elegant! Good quality and excellent looks! I love it!! <end>  Go to bracelet  I have had this bracelet for at least a year and I wear this bracelet at least 3-4 times a week. I really enjoy wearing it, by itself or with another bracelet. <end>
 B000J4GWXQ  Genuine Green Aventurine Chip Stretch Bracelet ||	  Very beautiful green!!  Beautiful aventurine color.... nice simple bracelet to wear! I bought several of Silver Specks stretch bracelets and would recommend them to anyone as gifts or for themselves. <end>  thin  cheap was very dissapointed will let my grandaughter play with it I guess. I know it was on sale and now I know why <end>
 B000J4GX62  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet, Amethyst, Citrine, Blue Topaz, and Peridot Diamond Accent Tennis Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bracelet!  I just wanted to say thank you for the prompt shipping and careful packaging of my new bracelet. It's gorgeous and I get compliments everytime I wear it. Thanks so much! <end>  Great for everyday use!  I got it for myself, and I do wear it for everyday use. it is very nice, well constructed, the stones are clear and pretty! <end>  A beautiful bracelet  I bought this bracelet as a gift for my boss. I fell in love with it and hated to give it away. It was just beautiful. The colors of the stones make it a perfect bracelet for any outfit. It was well constructed and had good weight. Sadly I did give it away. <end>
 B000J4GXDK  Genuine Hematite Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  hematite stretch bracelet for disabled  My mother had a stroke and only has use of one arm so she felt she could no longer wear any braclets. She loves this and loves the feal of the stones and enjoys rolling them between her fingers, it helps to calm her. <end>
 B000J4GXFI  Genuine Amethyst Stone 8mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Exactly what I expected  I love the bracelet. It's simple and exactly the color purple that I wanted. <end>  Perfect.  I love and wear it often. It has stretched out a little but I am hard on my jewelry. I am scared of the day it breaks and all the beads roll everywhere. Eeek. I use this bracelet next to another bracelet I own and it compliments it perfectly, <end>
 B000J4H0ZU  Sterling Silver 1.76ct CZ Flower Filigree Bangle ||	  czs shine!  This is a clear cz and sterling cuff type bracelet. It has a very sturdy feel and shines bright as the sun hits it. It also has a rhodium finish, so it wont' tarnish. Many complements will come your way with this piece. I have never seen another like it, and I'm glad I have it! <end>  It was not what i expected  I decided to buy a gift for my mother, and I knew she would love this one, but when it arrived in the mail, I did not like it at all, it was too small, and four diamonds were missing, I just feel this was a waist of my money, and time. I have been buying on amazon for months now and everything that I have gotten has been up to my expectation, but this one. <end>  Worth the price  Really beautiful piece of jewelry. I sent it as a gift to a friend and she loved it.It will go very well with a dark dress. <end>  What a bracelet!  Ladies, you can't go wrong with this one.Lovely design, lots of sparkle and fine workmanship...looks even better than the pictures .Thankyou Silver Speck! <end>
 B000J4H11S  Sterling Silver Delicate Filigree Daisy Link Bracelet ||	  WOW....SO PRETTY, DAINTY AND A REAL EYE CATCHER!!  I love flower jewelry and wanted to find something that was affordable but also pretty. This bracelet is the perfect size. I wear it with my diamond tennis bracelets and it compliments my other jewelry nicely. It is the perfect size and is well worth the money. Thanks so much for this one-of-a-kind bracelet, I still have not found another that even compares to this one. <end>
 B000J4H17C  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Pink & Clear CZ Square and Round Tennis Bracelet ||	  Pretty, Light Pink Sparkler  This bracelet is as sparkly as the others of this design. The pink stones are very light, but still look pink. I would call this "pink ice". Since I like a shade of pink that's a bit darker, this wasn't for me, but you might like it. I think I would have liked it better in silver. 7" long, 1/4 inch wide. <end>
 B000J4H190  Designer 14K Solid Gold and Silver Genuine Blue Topaz Cable Design Bangle ||	  Charming Little Bracelet  I was in the market for a little thicker bracelet and was trying to match this item with a particular ring, but if not for these two criteria, I would definitely have kept this item to add to my jewelry collection. The small stones were a beautiful (Swiss?) blue topaz color, and were beautifully enhanced by the gold. Easy to wear and a piece of jewelry that could be dressed up or down. Also thought the piece was a good value for the money. <end>
 B000J4H1L8  Sterling Silver Genuine Carnelian Stone Bali Bead Bangle ||	  The perfect bracelet!  I am absolutely delighted with this bracelet and wear it often. Even though it has carnelian stones, they are so understated it's just a bracelet that can be worn with anything - and I have! <end>  Beautiful bracelet!  This bangle is very substantial without being too heavy and is very comfortable to wear. It looks good alone or added with other bangles. The carnelian stones are very pretty and the bracelet appears to be good quality. I was fortunate to get this on sale, but it's worth the listed price. <end>  Beautiful for the right price  I bought this as a gift for my sister. It fits her nicely and looks amazing for the price I paid. <end>
 B000J4H1MC  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver 2.8ct Sapphire & Diamond Accent Tennis Bracelet ||	  nice  really nice and you can not beat the price of it. Nothing bad to say about this item. thanks you <end>
 B000J4H23K  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond and Aquamarine cz Rolo Link Necklace ||	  aquamarine necklace  This is a gift that was shipped to my grandaughter. She is pleased and says it is beautiful. <end>
 B000J4H26M  Sterling Silver Black Genuine Swarovksi Crystal Bar Necklace ||	  A beautiful necklace  I gave this necklace to my mom and she loved it. It has good workmanship quality. The picture is an accurate representation. <end>
 B000J4H2SU  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Amazonite Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Nice  The necklace is nice, and yes I do mean that in a rather bland, unenthused way.The Amazonite beads are a pleasant shade of teal green, leaning mostly toward green. The color matches pretty well what I see on my monitors. The beads have variations in coloring as a natural stone should, but they're not particularly distinct variations so the overall impression, unless you look closely, is a uniform teal green. Smooth and completely uniform in size.The beads are not particularly shiny. They're more of a satin finish which, unfortunately I think, gives them a more plastic look than the sort of polished stone look that would suit them better.This 15-19" length would also work well as a bracelet, doubled around the wrist. The extension chain length will let you adjust the fit easily.Still, good looking real mineral necklace. Very reasonably priced at $9.99--I'd willingly go higher for them. Satisfactory quality. Shipping from SilverSpeck was very prompt. Box and little bag for the beads were nice inclusions. Pleased, and happy to buy their products again. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I received this necklace and the moment I opened up the package was enamored by the beautiful color and quality of this necklace. This is great value for a very affordable price. <end>
 B000J4H6CC  Sterling Silver Celebrity CZ Chandelier Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings!  Very beautiful earrings! They are not heavy at all. I received lots of compliments and everybody was asking me where I bought them from. They will give you "a little glamour" each time you'll wear them! <end>  Pretty earrings for a bride  The earrings look very delicate and sparkly, just the right size for a young bride. If only I could find a matching affordable bracelet! <end>  Awesome!  Everytime I wear these I receive tons of compliments. People are amazed when I say that they only cost thirty dollars and that they're really just cheap costume jewelry. <end>
 B000J4H6N6  Genuine Amethyst Peridot Citrine Crystal Chip Earrings ||	  julie snyder  These are very cute and WELL worth the price! I should have ordered several pair! FAST shipping, too. <end>  Decent  These earrings are cute. They look just like the picture and are of good quality. Nothing spectacular, but for the price, they are excellent. <end>  Really nice earrings  Quick shipping, safe packaging, great price, and nice product. The earrings are longer than I expected, which is a good thing. I love to wear them. <end>  pretty earrings  I love these earrings. I like to wear light green and purple, and these earrings go with both clothing colors. I love how bright and clear the stones are. I've been wearing the earrings for 5 months, and the silver has not tarnished. I plan to buy a pair for my sister's birthday because she likes mine so much.  ) <end>  If you like chips.........  I like the shorter earrings and these fit the bill. Not too short and not too long. Just right. The colors are bright and clean. Chip jewelry looks great in summer. For the price, it's a fun type of jewelry that livens up a t-shirt & jeans. <end>  I like it, but...  Keep well in the ear. Longer than I expected, but it is not a real problem. It looks like plastic, but I am not disapointed by this purchase. <end>  They look and feel like plastic  I haven't taken these to a gemologist yet, but I suspect the word "genuine". I own many crystals, and these have the look and feel of plastic. If I take them to a gemologist I will edit this review and let you know for sure. Just be warned that they are suspect, and in my opinion not worth the purchase. <end>
 B000J4H6P4  Silver Lavender Jade Chinese Motif Post earrings ||	  Great Product  I bought these for my mother and she was in love at the first site! Great quality! Great shipment. Just a perfect purchase all to gether! <end>
 B000J4H6RC  Silver Dangling Turquoise Inlay Earrings ||	  Quality Jewelry at Reasonable Cost  The earrings in hand look better than the picture. Great value for this impressive gift. The seller is terrific. Great e-mail communication and super fast delivery. AAA+++ Seller. <end>  Simply silver...touch of turquoise.  Ordered this as a gift for a teenage girl. Nice feel, not a huge dangling earring. She seemed pleased. <end>  Perfect!  I was looking for a pretty pair of understated turquoise earrings...and these fit the bill. They are exactly the color it shows online, which is another reason I liked them. They match one of my turquoise bracelets that isn't the 'real blue' turquoise color. They are the perfect size and nice and light. I lived in NM for 10 yrs. and these are a great price as well. <end>  Preciosos!!!  Mi &uacute;nica objeci&oacute;n es el color de la piedra que es m&aacute;s azul que como vemos en la imagen pero son hermosos!  ) <end>  Translation of above review  My only objection is the color of the stone is blue as we see in the picture but they are beautiful! <end>
 B000J4H6UE  Sterling Silver Channel Set Red CZ Half Hoop Earrings ||	  Red CZ earrings  I love the look of the earrings. They are very tight!! If you know of a way to loosen the clasp, let me know. <end>
 B000J4H77G  Sterling Silver 4mm Round Tanzanite CZ Stud Earrings ||	  Pretty, dainty, worth your penny, but...  The set was agreeable in appearance I felt they were exactly what I had been looking for. They came precisly as advertised I was happy for some weeks. But, just like the fire opal set I bought at the same time as these, something in my skin did not approve and I suffered itchy ears and red, scab like skin, underneath the place holder on the back. I can assume the place holders were of the same make as the stud itself, but something about the opal set and this set made my ears painful. I'll just save them and have them cleaned to give them as a gift to some one with less sensitive ears than mine. <end>
 B000J4H77Q  Sterling Silver CZ Filigree Cip On Earrings ||	  hurts my ears  these earrings are too small, smaller than what i thought. they look nice when i put them on but i cant wear them too long because they hurt the back of my ears. waste of money.... <end>
 B000J4H7BM  Sterling Silver Genuine Swarovski Dark Red Crystal Drop Earrings ||	  Cute, but...  These earrings are nice for $5, but I wouldn't pay $20 for them. The longest dangle is 30mm in length, the middle one is 25mm, and the shortest is 20mm. The stones are 5mm. Unfortunately, the pair I received had the longest dangle in the front and the shortest in the back. They don't look good that way, so, with needle nose pliers and magnifying glasses, I managed to change them, so the shortest one is in the front and the longest one in the back. Since silver is soft it was very difficult to do without bending the earwire. <end>  okay but cheap looking  These earrings are not worth more than the $5 I paid, but they are cute and the company shipped all items promptly. The "dangle" part of the earring above the colored beads look like cheap plastic beads stacked on top of each other. <end>
 B000J4H80M  Sterling Silver Simulated Tanzanite cz Square Stud Earrings ||	  great earrings  Great earrings. I love the square cut of these and the color is very pretty. Overall I am satisfied with this product. <end>
 B000J4H97O  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Bali Bead Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Silver Amethyst earing's  Nicely made, good color on the stones, but the silver appears a little darker. Even after cleaning. However I have received compliments. <end>  Lovely Earrings  Very nice earrings, well-made, with clear, deep purple amethysts. Nice match for the Bali bead pendant, but I'm still waiting for the earrings to come out in peridot, to match the peridot pendant I bought.Very satisfied with customer service at Silver Speck, had a problem with another purchase and they were very accommodating! Plus, prompt delivery (6 business days), even across the border! <end>
 B000J4HAX2  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Flower Heart Leverback Earrings ||	  Adorable!  Bought these for my 10-year-old niece's newly-pierced ears! She is really into "dangly" earrings, and these are small enough to still be appropriate for her age. Can't beat a real amethyst for the price! If she loses one, I won't be distraught. Although with the lever-back, she is less likely to lose one! Really cute. <end>
 B000J4HAZK  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet Stone Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Beautiful  These earrings were gorgeous. I ordered them for a young girl and I considered keeping them for myself. <end>
 B000J4HCKI  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Natural Mother Of Pearl Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Too small  Good quality but, had the size been given in the description, I would not have ordered. <end>
 B000J4HD98  Sterling Silver 18mm Hoop In a Hoop Dangle Earrings ||	  nice unusual earring for the price  These earrings are nice and give a look of movement which makes them unique. These earrings are small though - about the size of a nickel. <end>
 B000J4HD9S  Sterling Silver Yellow and Blue Millefiori Disc Murano Glass Earrings ||	  I love these earrings.  I love these earrings. The colors are luscious and perfect to complete several outfits. In fact, I ordered a couple of other pairs, in other colors, at the same time, and they are all beautiful. The Millefiori Murano glass dangles are the perfect sizes, too - they're not large enough to be distracting, and they are so lightweight that I forget I'm wearing them. The sizes, shapes, colors and weights made these an excellent value. I couldn't be happier and I know that I'll be buying more in other colors, too! Thanks. <end>
 B000J4HDKM  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Ruby & Diamond Accent Flower Stud Earrings ||	  ear-rings  the earrings are good, although it has a dull finish & hence looks old...i didn't recieve it for a good 5 weeks after i ordered it. i wouln't recommend buying from silverspeck.com, if you want something on time... <end>  defected  one of the earing was nice, the other looked defected. rubins were milky and diamond was burried, can't see it at all. they wouldn't repalce one, instead they refunded the money. <end>
 B000J4HE6U  14K Gold Etched Design Hoop Earrings ||	  beautiful  I love these and they are just the right size for everyday wear. good buy. <end>
 B000J4HE7E  14K Gold 25mm Hoop Earrings ||	  Nice  The earrings were very nice, just as the picture and prodcut details stated. The shipping was very fast, the packing was good. They even put a small jewelry bag for this pair of earrings. It was well worth the price. <end>
 B000J4HE92  14K Gold Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful!!!  These were the most beautiful earings I had. They look simple but they caught people's eyes and I got compliments on them from GUYS! Yes, GUYS! You know the kind that never even sees what you have on. It's too bad they are no longer available, I lost them and was thinking about buying them again. <end>
 B000J4IB08  Sterling Silver w/ Simulated Diamond CZ Horseshoe slide ||	  Good picture - product quality cheesy  Here we go again, looked good in picture but product quality lacking. It looks pretty when you put it on -- but I hope nobody stands close to me and turns the pendent around. I think this has pretty much ended my purchasing jewery on the internet. <end>
 B000J4IB7Q  Sterling Silver Bold polished Dark Blue Cats Eye Slide/Pendant ||	  Sterling Sliver Bold Dk. Blue Cat's Eye Pendant  I was very pleased with the Sterling Silver Dark Blue Cats Eye Slide/Pendant. I ordered for a girl for her graduation gift. Her favorite color is dark blue. Another graduate loves sky blue, so I ordered the sky blue cat's eye pendant for the other graduate. I am pleased. I ordered the second pendant today, and got a reply that it was shipped out today.... <end>
 B000J4IB8K  Sterling Silver Love * HEART CHARM * Pretty ||	  Muy peque&ntilde;o...  Se ve muy sencillo, lo compr&eacute; para regalo y no me satisfizo, no lo recomiendo es sumamente peque&ntilde;o. No le doy menos estrellas por consideraci&oacute;n a la empresa que da muy buen servicio. <end>  Pretty, but VERY, VERY small!  Shipping was amazingly fast! I paid for standard mail and got my package within a couple days. This charm is exactly how it looks, but it is very tiny. How tiny is tiny? It is as big as the nail bed of my pinky finger. Seriously. <end>
 B000J4IHUW  Sterling Silver Genuine Sapphire Horseshoe Pendant ||	  Sapphire Necklace  The Sapphire necklace I bought arrived quickly and was beautiful. The stone was very dark blue, but next to blue fabric looked fine. Probably could not ask for much more for the price. <end>  Lovely Pendant, Reasonable Price.  Although purchasing jewelry from a picture on-line can be frightening, Amazon has been a reliable source for choosing reasonably priced, quality, jewelry. This pendant has sweet, understated elegance. Of course the sapphire was the typical deep navy blue color, not the stone that appears "black" in the photo. I purchased this as a gift for my niece. It is the birthstone of her baby girl. It's small enough for her to wear at her nursing job daily, as a way to keep her little girl close to her heart. <end>
 B000J4IHYI  Sterling Silver Celebrity Inspired CZ Peace Sign Pendant ||	  Peace Sign Necklace  Nice size good quaility peace sign. I changed the Chain itself as original was too thin, lightweight. <end>  very pleased friend  in case you didn't hear, this year is the 50th birthday of the the peace symbol as we currently know it. This was a gift to a friend who also turned 50 this year ...product is well made and striking and stands out from the other paraphernalia <end>  Beautiful!!  Beautiful peace sign necklace. It is much prettier than in the picture. I gave this to my daughter and she wears it all the time!! <end>
 B000J4IICO  Sterling Silver Millefiori Flower Murano Glass Circle Pendant ||	  It's very hip  It's very interesting to look at, it's very colorful and it fits with anything. She wears it all the time now. <end>  great buy!  Even more beautiful than the photo. Great price, most versatile (goes with anything and everything), very much exceeded expectations! <end>  Very Pretty  I bought this item as a gift for my wedding party. The pendant is very pretty and versatile. The chain is not what I had hoped but it will be okay for this gift. If it were my own, I would probably put the pendant on a different chain. Overall it is very nice and I think a good value. <end>  Very Unique Piece  I bought this piece as a gift for a quilter, I thought that the design reminded me of crazy quilts. The necklace is great, it has the design on both sides. I would have given the review a five but the chain broke and I had to replace it. Each circle is different and unique making it a great gift for some special. The person that I gave it to, gets constant remarks about how beautiful the piece is. This necklace makes a great gift or a great addition to any jewelry collection! <end>  Very Nice  The chain on this necklace is a little flimsy and the clasp was off, but the circle pendant is gorgeous. The detail on it is terrific and it really shows off against a light colored fabric. I was really excited to get it because of the blue and red, but all the colors are apparent on it. It looks very delicate and goes with everything in my closet. Love it. <end>  Beautiful and Interesting!  I love this pendant and have gotten many many compliments on it. Tiny little flowers are formed in a beautiful pattern. Colors vivid and well placed. Only issue was that the chain that came with it turned black from wearing it only a few days. I purchased a shiny nickel/silver chain from Amazon to replace the blackened chain but this added to the cost of the whole set. Still I bought another pendant for my niece when she left for college last month. You will love it too but buy a chain when you buy the pendant and save yourself time. <end>  Pendant  This is a gift for my granddaughter and is a very pretty murano glass pendant which will go with a lot of her outfits. I am pleased with it. <end>
 B000J4IKS6  Genuine Lapis Stone Sterling Silver Filigree Rectangle Pendant ||	  small, but nice  This necklace has a nice design and I like the lapis.However, the pendant is smaller than expected. <end>
 B000J4IN5G  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Faceted Onyx Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  Onyx set  Just one of many items to replace those lost in our housefire. Very good quality. Wrapped Securely. Arrived early. Thank you to all involved. I have purchased other colors of this set and like them all. <end>
 B000J4INDS  14K Gold 5.5-6mm Genuine Freshwater Cultured White Pearl Necklace Bracelet & Stud Earring Set ||	  Not 14K gold!  Silverspeck sent me the wrong item twice, first with silver clasps, then with gold plated silver (stamped 925). Don't buy this. <end>
 B000J4INO2  Sterling Silver Irish Celtic Knot Toe Ring ||	  Strong and Pretty  Most toe rings now are far more aesthetically pleasing rather than being sturdy. This piece is both! I have since bought 3 more from here and they are also high quality and very pretty. <end>  My wife loved it  My wife had a toe ring for years and it broke a few months before Christmas. She didn't expect me to get her another. This $4 toe ring was one of her favorite gifts. The quality and looks were great, especially for the price. <end>  Sterling Silver Toe Ring  My daughter wanted a toe ring, but she wanted good quality. So, I checked out all of the Sterling Silver Toe Rings and I thought she would like this one the best. It was a Christmas present and she loved it! She really liked the design of the toe ring and the thickness of it too. She didn't want a flimsy toe ring that would break easily. <end>  The cutest toe ring  Great toe ring with a very original design. It adapts perfect to any small toe. I haven't find a cute an affordable toe ring like this. <end>
 B000J4INTW  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond cz Flower Swirl Toe Ring ||	  It's so cute...  It's so cute I love it!! There's this part on the back though that kind of stabs you but I love it so much that I've learned to ignore it! It's adorable and just what I was looking for. <end>
 B000J4IPKY  Sterling Silver Trendy Mesh Bracelet ||	  light  this is a nice bracelet but it is very light and was slightly bent when i recieved. i will not be giving this as a gift as I had originally intended, but for the price I will keep for myself. <end>
 B000J4IPOU  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver 1mm Box Chain Necklace 14" 16" 18" 20" 24" 30" ||	  Sterling Silver Box Chain  The chain is beautiful. And it is made just strong enough so that it doesn't tangle when I set it down.It came quickly, wrapped safely, and I love it.I would definitely do business with this seller again. <end>  Great Chain  I had been looking for a nice chain to go with some pendants that I had purchased for my bridesmaids and this was perfect! It looks great and made of quality material. I am very happy and cant wait to give the girls their presents. <end>  Lovely  This is a delicate but sturdy chain, perfect for a lightweight pendant. I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>  Pretty  I bought this because my son broke my current chain. I love the box chain necklaces because they are strong and pretty. I have never had a issue with the box chain necklaces breaking. So I found this and bought it for my charms of my children and it looks beautiful. I love it. Perfect length for me. I love long chains the short ones drive me crazy. <end>  Looks fine to me  I know a few people on here didn't think much of this necklace, but I thought it looked nice and so did my wife. I'm actually not a huge fan of box chains, but she is and it did what she needed it to do.Sorry, not much else to say about a gold chain.-Doug <end>  Gold chain  I wore this for 5 days, and it turned BLACK I threw it away...I dont believe it was advertised correctly, but then again you get what you pay for, I will be getting my jewelry in person from now on. <end>  Shortest 18inch Chain Ever  I am pretty sure I asked for an 18 inch chain and I received what might be a 14inch chain. All that aside, it is a lovely chain, nice quality for the price, fairly sturdy, good clasp. Be careful in requesting your size. <end>  Gorgeous  This necklace is beautiful. It really sparkles when you shine it in the light. Only problem i had was the 16 inch was a little short. so i would order a 18 inch one. But all in all im very happy with the product and would definatly order from this company again. (by the way, the shipping was very fast. Got here before the estimated days) <end>  Looks Great  I love this necklace. Only problem I have is putting it on and taking it off. The clasp is very small and I have small hands. But the necklace is shiny and durable. I would recommend this necklace. Definately worth the price. <end>  Very Nice Chain at a Good Price..  I bought this chain for my wife, and she loved it. Uses it with jewelry she wears frequently. I recommend this retailer. <end>  No Good  I bought the 20in box chain, length was perfect. When I opened the package the necklace was very YELLOW, looked super fake so I wore it that night in hopes that the color would tone down... It toned way down. Now it looks like brass which sucks because my name charm is not. Im suprised my neck isnt black. I have had many gold plated/vermiel items from necklaces to bangles and none of them ever looked like this after one day. <end>  As Expected  This is a very nice chain. It wasn't that expensive so I wasn't expecting the anything too amazing, but it definitely lives up to standards, and looks very nice. <end>  You Get What You Pay For  Light in weight and light in color chain. You get what you pay for. It's a perfect "I don't really know you but, here's a little something" gift or for a child. <end>  no information chain  i gave this a good rating because you know as little about me as you dothis chain. these sites give you absolutely no information about thechain no weight, width you just spend and guess. if they have 2 chainsin the same style you still dont know what you are getting. why dont yourequire measurements and gram wts so we can effectively gauge what we aregoing to receive in the mail. many times i get frustrated and close thesite because even though the price may be small it might not be what iwant in regards to the pendant i am getting it for. please, please merchants give gram wts. you are a jeweler, do your job. plm in ky. <end>
 B000J4IQSU  Sterling Silver Bracelet with Simulated Tanzanite CZ & Simulated Diamond CZ ||	  Love it  This bracelet is the perfect size to make it look real. The clasp even has diamond cz's on it. I saw the same piece in Mazatlan for $85.00 US, I was thrilled to find it at a reasonable price point.The color is very close to my real tanzanite pieces and it looks vintage. <end>
 B000J4IR0M  Sterling Silver Black Genuine Sapphire X & O Bracelet ||	  pretty everyday bracelet  this is a pretty and solid bracelet. it could be dressed up or worn casually. i like it alot. the design is feminine, i think anyone would like it. <end>
 B000J4IR70  Sterling Silver Designer Beaded 8 mm Bracelet ||	  Wild!!!  Not a happy customer. Looks much better in the picture. This looks like something I will let my 4yr old daughter play with. Normally I go for the real thing and pay the expensive price and be happy. The first and last time I will ever decide to take the cheap way out. The braclet looks like some plastic sliver balls thats on a plastic string with the clap waiting to break and any given moment..What I paid for just the shipping should have been the price for the braclet. Never again!!! <end>
 B000J4IRH0  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet with Purse, Sunglasses, Engagement Ring, High Heel, Cellphone Charms ||	  really cute  bracelet is really cute.I have a small wrist so I had to have it cut down some. <end>  Cute youth bracelet  I originally purchased this item as a Christmas gift for a relative; however I thought the bracelet was too small to give to anyone over the age of 13. I think this is a cute bracelet for a child or teenager. <end>  lover of jewelry  Pretty bracelet. Charms are larger than the picture. Brought one for myself and my daughter and we both love it. Very chic. <end>
 B000J4ISBU  Sterling Silver Simulated CZ Tennis Bracelet ||	  LOVELY!!!  I got my tennis bracelet today and I adore it. it is beautiful. It is prettier than the picture. And got it so fast. Thank You and will be shopping with you again. I am really impressed. Kimberly J.  ) <end>
 B000J4ISQK  Sterling Silver Genuine Jade Stone Bead Beaded Bracelet ||	  LOVE!  I've had this bracelet for a while now and absolutely LOVE it. My wrists are a bit on the small side and I was so happy that this didn't just slip right off. It looks great nad is really comfortable to wear everyday. The jade is pretty and not too big (not too small either). <end>  Dainty and Cute  I bought this little bracelet to pair with another one. I wanted something light weight and this fit the bill. This is not the first time I bought something from this company. All of their jewelry is of high quality for the price. Will definitely order more items from this company. <end>
 B000J4ISRE  Simulated Red Coral Stone 4mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  nice bracelet  I have ordered several stone bead bracelets from this company. All are fine, just a little too small. I have a tiny wrist and they have all stretched out a little. Nice color though. <end>
 B000J4ISRO  Simulated Red Coral Sterling Silver Beaded Three Strand Bracelet ||	  Small bracelet  I`m beyond disppointment. For that price I was expecting a bracelet for a woman, not for a girl or a doll. The general description doesn't include length, which is 4.5''. Such an importante detail and the seller forgot to include it on the product description, or he did it on purpose. All and all I'll never buy from this seller again. <end>
 B000J4IW84  Sterling Silver 11ct CZ Emerald Cut Tennis Bracelet ||	  Exceptionally Gorgeous!  I purchased this item to match my other emerald cut jewelry. I love this bracelet. No One has ever questioned whether or not it was real. Price Point exceptional.Thank you Amazon. <end>  Very authentic!  My husband gave this to me for Christmas and I was overjoyed with it! The security clasp is very easy to put on myself, and it has a brilliant sparkle to it. I would definitely recommend this bracelet!! <end>  Great item!!  I do not wear this item often, but it is amazingly beautiful, people believe it is real and it really sparkles. I keep it in the provided bags (yes, both) that it came with when I am not wearing it. It has only gotten cloudy once due to my getting soap on it (cleaned it and it shined right up). <end>  Beautiful!  I recently wanted to get another Tennis Bracelet that I could wear out and be happy with that wasn't genuine diamonds b/c I have lost more than one real one! I wouldn't question the looks of authenticity compared to any &#34;real&#34; tennis bracelet. I would highly recommend this product - it's bedazzling!! <end>  Just Stunning  I am wearing this bracelet as I type, and I have to say, it is truly magnificent. The seller shipped the bracelet very quickly. The clasp is extremely secure so you'll never lose it. Very classy and elegant. <end>  looks fake  would have sent it back but i forgot about it and waited too long. It loos cheap and very fake. hate it. <end>  Wife's Bracelet  I got this for my wife as a present. I was not a style that she wears regularly, but I thought it was really very pretty and she would like it. From all indications I was right. It is very pretty and exactly as advertised. The only issue I think she has is the clasp, but that may be something that she has to get used to putting on. <end>  Sparkling and beautiful. I love it.  This bracelet is beyond beautiful for the price. The look is high quality from the 'get go." I feel as if it came from "Tiffany's." I gave myself a nice present. <end>
 B000J4IWHK  18K Gold over Stelring Silver 10.32ct. TGW Amethyst & Diamond Accent S and Oval Tennis Bracelet ||	  Nice bracelet  My wife loved it! As advertized. Looks more beautiful in person than what the picture showed. Showed up on time and no problem. <end>
 B000J4IXEM  Sterling Silver Genuine Denim Lapis Chip Necklace ||	  Denim Lapis Chip necklace  Necklace had larger size chips then the other gem necklaces I ordered, thought still made well and beautiful. Recommend to all. <end>
 B000J4IXN8  Sterling Silver 4mm Genuine Carnelian Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  decent value for the cost  I bought this item at a discount and it's fine, but it would not have been worth the full price. The beads are nice (and darker than in the photo, but that's fine with me) but they're strung a little tight so they don't lie flat like in the photo and the chain and clasp are really flimsy. <end>  Great Necklace  The necklace was really nice the only problem was that the picture looks more red than the actual necklace (burnt orange color). <end>  better than I could have hoped  Chose this Necklace over a silver chain for my shell carved cameo with coral beads, The Carnelian stone was a perfect match for the coral beads and just the right size for the slide. Very pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000J4IXOC  Sterling Silver 4mm Simulated White Pearl Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Dainty and Beautiful  I ordered four necklaces for my bridesmaids to wear at my wedding. When they arrived, the beads were smaller than I had anticipated, but I loved them. They are so dainty! I'm not a fan of huge, chunky jewelry, so these were perfect. Each of them came with their own turquoise jewelry bag, which was an unexpected plus. My wedding's not until July, so I can't say anything about their durability, but they look like they'll hold up nicely. <end>
 B000J4J14S  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Green Jade Drop Earrings ||	  Great value!  Fabulous value for money. The earrings were exactly as advertised. I gave them as a gift to my mother-in-law and she loved them. They were a perfect match to a jade necklace she had received some months before. The quality seemed pretty good, delivery was fast. I was pleased. <end>  Jade earrings  Lovely earrings! I gave them as a gift. The recipient seemed vry pleased with them. They are articulated, so they sway with movement. (In case you could not tell that from the picture.) <end>  So pretty.  I highly recomment these earings. They are so pretty and look great with everything. They are light, which I like and well made. The stone looks just like the picture, not to dark or light. I love ordering with Amazon because the service is great and they care about the customer. I noticed a review that said they fell apart, but my pair is very well made. I have ordered several more earings, just might be my new hobby. The prices are very good and delivery was quick. Thanks Amazon! <end>  Makes a great gift!  I was very satisfied with this purchase. I purchased it as a gift for a friend and they loved it. I do have to say the packaging of the gift is a little iffy in that as soon as I opened the box an earing fell out. But it didn't break or scratch when it fell on the ground. <end>  Jade Drop Earrings  I wasn't expecting a lot from these earrings, and although they are generally what I wanted (to replace stolen ones) the quality of the jade was not good. The jade was much darker than shown in the photo and had darker streaks besides. However, the price was very good. I'm sure I saved at least $100. <end>  Beautiful, but poor quality  These earrings are beautiful . . . but you get what you pay for. The post snapped off one of my earrings after only two wearings. I've been unable to repair them--and $20 is a lot to pay for two uses! <end>  Great gift but poor quality  I purchased these earrings for my mother because she loves jade, but everything was perfect until one of the stones fell out; I'm not sure if it was poor quality or something she did but just be aware of this when you are buying. I plan on buying another pair for her and if it lasts I will write another review. <end>  Great  Love the green jade which the golden touch. The earrings are bigger but they are not bulky. These earrings look beautiful with summer clothing! <end>  Love 'em  I love jade and I love dangly earrings so there was no way I wasn't going to love these. They looked even better than they did in the photos on the website. I love wearing these. <end>  Deb's review  I love these earrings and jade is my favorite. Would definitely recommend for anyone who loves wearing jade as much as I do. <end>  Very nice jade  I was looking for jade in a yellow gold. These earrings are just the right thing. They are a great size, not too small or too big. The jade is a soft color and look very good on. I like post earrings and these feel very good on. They are the right length if you aren't into long drop earrings. Very good buy. <end>
 B000J4J1I4  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Green Jade Motif Post earrings ||	  EARRINGS JADE  PROMPT DELIVERY. CUTE EARRINGS. A BIT SMALL, BUT OVERALL I AM SATISIFED SO FAR. <end>  Just what I wanted  The jade earrings arrived exactly as pictured. I am very pleased and will enjoy them immensely. My order arrived promptly and with no fuss. Great experience with this vendor. <end>  very pleased  It was the first time I used the network and am glad I did. The item I ordered was just as it was pictured and the delievery time was right on the money. <end>  jade earrings  Very pleased with this item. Have rec'd many compliments. Jade smaller than expected but satisfactory. I wear them often. <end>
 B000J4J1JS  Sterling Silver CZ Butterfly Dangle Leverback Earrings ||	  BUTTERFLY EARRINGS  I ordered these sterling silver earrings because my old ones broke.They arrived promptly and they are BEAUTIFUL!!! I LOVE THEM.Thank you as I was broken hearted when my old ones broke.I would order them from this company again.Thank you !!!! <end>  Leverback earrings  I am always looking for small leverback earrings because they are so easy to slip on my ears & so hard to lose! Since I love butterflies these were perfect -- nice & sparkly too. <end>
 B000J4J1RK  Sterling Silver Rich Royal Blue Genuine Swarovski Crystal Earrings ||	  LOVE IT!!!  I bought these to wear in my wedding. They arrived quicker than expected (which helped avoid stress) and they were beautiful. Just the right amount of sparkle and color. Thanks for my "something blue"! <end>
 B000J4J3GY  Sterling Silver Drop Genuine Swarovski Dark Red Crystal LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Theres Gotta Be Sumthin Better  I purchased these earings to match a necklace that I had gotten my wife. When I recieved them I was disappointed but showed them to her anyways so I could see if they passed her inspection. She pretty much said what I said. Yes she occasionly likes to wair dainty earings but we both found these to look to close to costume jewlery. Also the thickness of the silver wasn't just dainty but plain thin and had an apperance of being stamped to a very thin gauge. I'm not a jewlery expert but we agreed that the "crystal" looked more like a plastic bead. We would have returned them but were lazy and decided to give them to a friends 3yr old daughter. <end>
 B000J4J3QO  Sterling Silver Oval Genuine Blue Lace Agate Stone Bali Bead LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Blue Lace Agate Earrings  Silver Speck makes the best gemstone earrings.These blue lace agate ones are just perfectwith jeans and all the blue clothing that Iwear.They are well made, comfortable and stylish.I cannot imagine how you could get a finerearring at the price.I had never worn silver until I discoveredSilver Speck. Their classical styles won meover and the combination of cool coloredgemstones and the slightly antiqued sterlingsilver is a winner. <end>  Beautiful  Just as I expected - beautiful! I like leverbacks because I don't lose them. Heavy enough to stay where they should. <end>  very pretty  I am amazed at the quality and beauty of these earrings. The workmanship is great and the clasp is good quality. I would definitely recommend. <end>
 B000J4J5TO  Sterling Silver Scarab Cut Etched Simulated White Stone LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Scarabtastic  I really like these earrings. The levelback is very nice and stays closed so you don't have to worry about them falling off or getting snagged by clothing. Since they're white, they match with lots of outfits. I have received a lot of compliments about these earrings. <end>
 B000J4J76U  Sterling Silver Reconstituted Blue Turquoise Bali Bead Oval Leverback Earrings ||	  Elegant!  I love these earrings and have been receiving many compliments about them. The leverback is a plus -- I don't have to worry about the earrings accidentally coming off whenever I take off a sweater or shirt. Will definitely buy again from Silver Speck. <end>  good quality, watch out for stains  These earrings are beautiful and bigger than it seems on the picture, but unfortunately I got a pair where one of the stones is "naturally" stained in gray. They still look nice, but not exactly like in the picture. For me it's too expensive to make a return, but if you get stained ones in US, I would seriously consider returning them and getting another pair. <end>  Summer Wear  I'm always looking for nice turquoise earrings to wear in the summer. These came to me exactly as shown and they are what I was looking for. They are a nice length, but not too long and they remind me that summer is really here. I have had people notice them and ask where I found them. <end>
 B000J4J7E2  Sterling Silver 4mm Simulated Red Coral Stone 6 Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  MJmjbrazina  Lovely, They were exactly as described and of very nice quality. I would get earrings from this site again. I have other earrings from the same site and they are lovely also. <end>  earrings  The earring were very nice, but unfortunately, the shipping costs were ridiculous. I wish I had realized that before I made the purchase, but it was bundled with other items and I just let it slide. <end>
 B000J4J7GU  Sterling Silver Simulated Blue Opal Stone Square Kids Mini 5mm Stud Junior Earrings ||	  Blue Opal Earrings  Definitely worth $8.00. They are a nice rich blue, not too small, but a good size for studs. Though it says "Kids Mini 5mm Stud Junior Earrings" they look nice on my non-kid ears. The look exactly as shown in the picture so no unpleasant surprises. <end>
 B000J4J7LA  Sterling Silver Small Sea Mini Dolphin Stud Kid Junior Earrings ||	  Sweet  These earrings are cute for the dolphin loving girl in your life. My daughter got them (from Santa) for Christmas, and she loves them. I appreciate that they're sterling silver, so the metal won't irritate her ears.They are small enough that they could be worn as a second piercing for ladies. <end>
 B000J4J7LK  Sterling Silver 6mm Simulated Gray Pearl Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Small  These earrings are much smaller than they look in the picture. Also, the shipping was expensive, so you didn't get much of a deal. <end>  Very cute!  I really like these earrings. They match everything, and are very cute, but not really long (for people like myself who don't like the really long earrings). I wear them all the time. <end>
 B000J4J7R4  Sterling Silver Murano Glass White, Red, and Orange Beaded Millefiori Earrings ||	  match  Very disappointed in these earrings. Only has one little red speck on them. Don't look anything like what is published. <end>
 B000J4J7RE  Sterling Silver 8mm Genuine Aragonite Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Very pale yellow....  I dont want to say this. But it is not a bright yellow as shown. It's a very pale yellow. But for the colour, its OK. <end>
 B000J4J82S  18K Gold over Sterling Silver 2/5ct Sapphire & Diamond Accent Hoop Earrings ||	  Nice earring  Very nice. I bought them to match my pendent. They are as they described. Look really good and the color of the stones are perfect. <end>  Beautiful earrings  These earrings were just what I expected. I love them and they were a great value. I'm glad I found them. <end>
 B000J4J832  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Created Pink Opal & Diamond Accent X & Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  very excellent quality.  Really like the earrings. Just received them.they are an excellent quality.the stones have a blue opal color in middle .A wonderful extra feature to the pink opal...Love them . <end>  Beautiful  Very nice I got a pair in silver and the gold over lay I wear them alot well made and very good quality I would buy from them again. Nice products, thank you!! <end>  great!  Got these for my mom for Christmas, glad to say she loved them. I don't get to show my mom how much I appreciate her so giving her these was just the right thing to say, "I love you mom and thanks for everything that you've done for me and my family." <end>
 B000J4J83C  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Chinese Green Jade Motif Dangle Earrings ||	  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Chinese Green Jade Motif Dangle Earrings  I already had a bracelet that exactly matches these earrings....couldn't believe how identical they were, even though the bracelet was purchased several years ago. Very lovely set.....! <end>
 B000J4J8OQ  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Etched Flower Design Hoop Earrings ||	  Stunning and noticeable  I wanted a pair of large loops with engraving. When I came upon these, they were just what I was looking for. They are on the large side but are very light weight and I have gotten a lot of compliments on them. They are vermeil which is gold over silver and I own quite a bit of this kind of jewelry. As long as you take good care of it--like taking it off when you come home and not showering in it, it lasts. Good purchase and highly recommended. <end>
 B000J4J8PU  14K Gold Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  classics  These earrings are a classic style and quality. No worries about dating with these. Good solid clasp. Great price. <end>
 B000J4KAYS  Sterling Silver Etched Leaf and Vine Bangle ||	  nice shinny bracelet  This bracelet looked event better then in the picture on the site. The only problem that I could find was that I have forced it when opening it and I have broken the little chain. I recommend caution when first unlocking it. <end>
 B000J4KBDI  Steling Silver Bali Bead Wrap Around Bangle ||	  Love my bangles!!!  LOVE this bangle.Very pretty.Has weight to it....not hollow.I get alot of compliments!I ordered 2 more.Very quick delivery.One warning though....if the bangle is too big and you need to adjust it,make sure you squeeze it gently.If you do it too hard,you can damage it(like I almost did). =( <end>
 B000J4KBII  18K Gold over Sterling Silver 8ct. TGW Peridot & Diamond Accent Bracelet ||	  Nice bracelet, but length not noted  This is a nice bracelet at the price offered, but no mention of the length. Otherwise, I would have purchased the product. <end>
 B000J4KBTM  Sterling Silver CZ Interlaced Double Circle Necklace ||	  Very Nice  This is a very nice necklace and it shows very well when worn. Only con is that stones are chips and not whole stones. <end>
 B000J4KBUG  Vermeil (24K Gold Over Sterling Silver) Cubic Zirconia Pave Heart Mesh Necklace ||	  It's a Chocker!  It fits like a chocker!If anyone is thinking about purchasing this necklace, get an extention to go on it to fit less snug.But overall, this is a cute necklace. <end>
 B000J4KBVK  Opal & Simulated Aquamarine CZ 3-Stone Sterling Silver Necklace ||	  Cracked Stone  The opal appeared cracked and possibly glued together when I received this necklace. I called customer service to try to do a prompt exchange, since it was for my daughter's birthday. I never received a phone call back. I emailed Silver Speck and about a week later received a response. I ended up returning this necklace and getting my money back. I do not recommend buying anything from Silver Speck, based on my experience with them. <end>  aquamarine necklace  I purchased two of these for my twin grand daughters March birthday. They are georgeous and a big hit at their party! The important thing is the girls LOVE them!! I won't hesitate shopping at Amazon in the future. <end>
 B000J4KCW8  Sterling Silver 8mm Genuine Amazonite Stone Bead Beaded Chain 16-19" Necklace ||	  Return to sender  I purchased this product through Amazon several weeks ago, and was very disappointed when it arrived. It is much lighter in color and weight than I expected. A nice necklace for a teenager but not bold enough for an adult. I have returned it for a full refund. <end>
 B000J4KFTI  Sterling Silver Filigree Butterfly Design Simulated CZ Chandelier Earrings ||	  Butterfly Earrings  Just what I had been looking for to wear with a butterfly necklace. Icouldn't find earrings like these anywhere else. I love wearing them. <end>
 B000J4KG9M  Sterling Silver Enamel Flower Stud Earrings ||	  Cute earrings  These earrings are cute and they are not too big or small. I like them but when I put them on, they make me look like a little girl. Not very attractive on adults, in my opinion. They're still pretty though so I am satified with the purchase. <end>  Lovely for any age  They're a great size. Not too big or small. The colours are as vibrant in real life as they are in the picture. Love them! <end>
 B000J4KGAG  Sterling Silver Pink & Clear CZ Hoop Earrings ||	  Pretty pink but pale....  Earrings were pretty....Again the size in the photo is deceiving. So watch out for the dimension which is exactly what you get. It is shown as a bright pink. It is not that pink. <end>
 B000J4KH82  Sterling Silver Rectangle Black Genuine Sapphire Stud Earrings ||	  Poor quality  Earrings are a good size but the stones look pretty cheap. Up close they look dirty and scratched. Save your money. <end>
 B000J4KHC8  Simulated Tanzanite CZ Round Silver Studs/Stud Earrings ||	  Dainty, just right for a little girl!  Bought for a 9 yr old diva, she loves them but doesn't like the idea of having to remove the old ones to put in new earrings....hopefully she'll get over it soon! <end>  Simulated Tanzanite CZ Round Silver Studs  Thank you for these beautiful studs. They look awesome, with a pendant that I recently purchased, making it a really nice set. <end>
 B000J4KHH8  Blue Turquoise Teardrop Silver Earrings ||	  Pretty, but Small  These are pretty, but not as big as the description stated. The dangle is 15mm high and 8mm wide. As I suspected, the description includes the earwire in the length. <end>
 B000J4KJXU  Sterling Silver Dangling Chain Hoop Earrings ||	  jazzy  I love my dangling chain hoop earrings. Most of my purchases with Amazon has been satisfactory and I am looking forward to continue my services. <end>
 B000J4KK8O  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Rectangle Filigree Leverback Earrings ||	  I thought it was too good to be true...  I was skeptical when I saw the price on these earrings, figured it sounded too good to be true. Fortunately, for me (and you as well) these are really nice earrings. Exceptionally nice if you consider how little I payed for them! The stones are big and bright, the workmanship is lovely, and the only thing I didn't love about these earrings are the fact that they're very delicate. That's hardly a drawback, huh? Hooray for inexpensive gemstone jewelry! <end>  my favorite  These are my favorite earrings since I bought them. They look nice on everything! The lever is secure, the size is good too. They don't look more expensive than the price, but they don't look cheaper either. I recommend these earrings. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are so beautiful and I get so many compliments on them. I received an Amazon gift card for Christmas and this was one of the gifts I chose. Delivery was quick and the packaging was excellent. <end>  Blue topaz stones were a lot lighter color than shown  I was disappointed in the color of the stones. I also couldn't figure out how to open the leverback (it didn't seem to have a hinge and I was afraid of breaking it if I forced it open). I returned the earrings and was very pleased at the speed at which I got a refund. <end>  Absolutely beautiful!  I'm returning some other earrings I bought from SilverSpeck and getting more of these to give as gifts. They're absolutely beautiful! The stones are a nice size and the filigree makes them really stand out, while still looking delicate (again something you'd find in the Metropolitan Museum catalogue!). And for a great price too! <end>  silver blue topaz earrings  I received the earrings very quickly and they looked beautiful. The earrings' filigree frame looks different than the picture but they are still very pretty and a great value. <end>
 B000J4KLYW  Sterling Silver Small Las Vegas Casino Dice Stud Earrings ||	  CUTE BUT SMALL !  I bought as my mom's gift for my upcoming wedding on 04/18/2009 but when I received them they are too small to give as that, so I am going to by her something else but give here these for her birthday maybe. She likes to gamble so she will like them. <end>
 B000J4KM4Q  Sterling Silver mean T Rex Dinosaur Dangle Earrings ||	  Great experence with company  This company was outstanding in the speed of shipment.The product was exactly what was advertised. <end>
 B000J4KMI2  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Diamond Accent & CZ Open Heart Post Earrings ||	  Beautiful heart earrings  These are really beautiful earrings with sparkling CZs that look quite real. I was hoping they were a little bit smaller, since I have 2 ear piercing and wear a diamond stud in the second one, but they work. I like heart shaped jewelry and these got my attention because they are different from most heart earrings. I would buy them again. <end>
 B000J4KMT6  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Filigree Diamond Cut Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  18K GOLD OVER STERLING SIVER FILIGREE OVAL HOOP EARRINGS  I THING THE EARRING MEET MY NEEDS. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THEM. THIS WELL NOT BE THE LAST TIME I WELL SHOP HER. THANK YOU FOR THE EARRINGS. <end>
 B000J4KMVY  Sterling Silver Triple Hoop Earrings ||	  Very nice.  Great product. Just what she wanted for Mother's Day. Thanks. Great product. Just what she wanted for Mother's Day. Thanks. <end>
 B000J4KMXM  Sterling Silver Long Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful  I purchased these earrings almost a year ago and they are still shinning. I wear them everyday. <end>
 B000J4KPB6  Sardelli - 14k Gold Reversible 3.50mm Cultured Pearl & Gold Bead Earrings ||	  Loved the concept, but the product was poor quality!  These earrings, though difficult to put on, were so comfortable to wear. I just loved the option of reversability, but in less than two weeks the screw came through the "gold" stud side. Hope to return them if I can find the dealers name. <end>
 B000J4MFZK  Sterling Silver CZ Open Heart Necklace ||	  love it  Got this one to replace a stolen on that only had four hearts this one is less expensive but looks more expensive <end>
 B000J4MG18  Sterling Silver 8mm Reconstituted Blue Turquoise Stone Bead Beaded Chain 16-19" Necklace ||	  Looks good  Very nice necklace, bought it for my friend's Bday and she loved it (the chain doesn't look that solid though) <end>  LOVELY  I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE I DIDN'T PAY $100.00 OR MORE FOR THIS NECKLACE! IT LOOKS THAT GOOD! <end>  Turquoise  This is a great string of turquoise beads. I do wish, however, that I had payed more attention to the length. I'd have like them to be a little longer. But, they work! <end>  Hi  Cute necklace. The color was a little darker than the picuture. I gave it to my Mom for her birthday.  ) <end>  Got the wrong item  I ordered this necklace but I was sent the matching bracelet instead. So I can't comment on the necklace. The color of the matching bracelet isn't as blue as the picture shows, it's more of a greenish-blue. <end>  DID NOT SHIP  This item did not ship whatsoever along with the matching bracelet. I got the earrings alone. I bet it's a great product but I cannot say having not received it. <end>  Wrong Item Sent  Got a tiger eye necklace instead of turquoise, and too late to return since shipped all the way to Lagos! <end>
 B000J4MG2M  6-7mm Round Hand Knotted Genuine Freshwater Cultured White Pearl 14k Gold Filigree Clasp Necklace 18" ||	  not that great  I wanted to like this necklace and since there were no previous reviews, I decided to take a chance because I've had good experiences with Silverspeck's products previously. When I received this necklace, it was easily noticeable that the pearls had blemishes on them, especially when the light shines on them which amplifies the blemishes even more. I don't quite remember how well the pearls matched in size and shape because I decided to return them so quickly. You're probably better off getting the white pearl set by Silverspeck for $9.99. <end>
 B000J4MJDI  Sterling Silver Bali Hoops/Hoop Earrings ||	  hoop earrings  I gave this product a low rating ONLY because the wire would not stay closed. I did like the earrings just not the fact that the ONE hoop wire would not stay closed. The seller did accept request for complete refund. At this time I am awaiting the refund to be credited. If need be, I will change this review to a higher 'star' rating. <end>  Do not buy  These earrings are too small only a newborn can use it. Do not buy it you are better off going to your local pop's and mom's shop <end>
 B000J4MJTM  Genuine Carnelian and Tiger Eye Sterling Silver Dangle Earrings ||	  A++  Very well made, beautiful, and very affordable. These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection. I recommend this purchase. <end>  Just lovely  I gave it a four star instead of five because the earrings are a bit heavy. The carnelian and the tiger eye chips are just lovely. It's a great product for the price. <end>  Gorgeous!  I love the rich colors and lovely quality of these stones. I have been wearing SilverSpeck earrings for 5 months and have not had any pairs break. I bought this style for a relative for Christmas, and she loves them. <end>  Love, love, love these earrings  These earrings go very nicely with a necklace I purchased and were very reasonable too. I just love, love, love them. <end>
 B000J4MJVA  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Tri Color Heart Leaf Design Dangle LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Pretty  Bought these for my mom very light ....detailed and very pretty she loves them and wears them often .... Definitely a great purchase <end>  Great Earings  These tricolor earrings are just large enough to be noticed, small enough to be discrete and go with just about everything. - being vermail makes the color a little briter than gold would be but is an advantage for me. Please note though the leaf in the center of the heart is fixed - it is not a separate dangle inside the heart as it appears to be in the picture. <end>
 B000J4MJXI  Celebrity Green Genuine Swarovski Crystal Dangling Silver Earrings ||	  Lovely Mint Green Color  I just received these lovely earrings for Christmas from my son, and I love them. These earrings have been on my Amazon Wish List for almost two years, but my kids always overlooked them in favor of DVDs or books. I was thrilled to finally receive them!Having only seen them on Amazon's website, I was very pleased to finally see these in real life. They are beautiful! The crystals are much lighter than the photo suggests...almost a mint green, but I love the color.I was a bit surprised that Silver Speck charged $5.95 S&H;, since these earrings barely weigh one ounce. Must've been very cheap to mail. That's my only complaint, I guess  the S&H; cost almost as much as the earrings!! In fact, I've removed one star from my rating for that very reason (i.e., S&H; way too high). <end>
 B000J4MKAA  Sterling Silver Black & White CZ Intertwined X Earrings ||	  As Eligant as Black & White  Completes my Black & White and X's & O's sets. Had them for a while and wear them often. <end>
 B000J4MKB4  Sterling Silver Genuine Rose Quartz and Simulated CZ Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful  Beautiful, not as long as I expected to be, but my fault ... Fits perfect with my ring !!! Love it! <end>
 B000J4MKS2  Fish Hook Turquoise & Carnelian Earrings ||	  Disproportionate earrings  I was disappointed with this purchase. The turquoise bits turned out much smaller than expected, and the earrings turned out longer.One of the turquoise pieces was larger than the other, resulting in uneven size between the right and the left.Didn't turn out as well as pictured. <end>
 B000J4MKXW  Sterling Silver Tube Drop Earrings 70 mm ||	  Light and comfortable  I love these earrings. They feel very comfortable and light weight. Funny that my husband says that they look dangerous  ). I don't feel it ). <end>  Unique and interesting  These are gorgeous and unusual sterling earrings--the PERFECT length. Very impressed. Lots of compliments and questions on these. Be careful wearing the earrings with a jacket or turtleneck as the material will move the earrings out of your ears and they can be easily lost. Solved that problem by using a clear plastic earring back. No problem with clothes that do not touch the earrings. Very pleased. <end>
 B000J4MLKO  18K Gold over Silver Pear-Shape Hanging Drop Earrings ||	  gift for mother-in-law  i bought these for my mother-in-law. she loved them! they are light and delicate and go with everything. she doesn't wear a lot of jewelry, and within a week of receiving them, she had already worn them 3 times before her actual birthday. great buy. <end>  Nice but...  They're on the small side and very light... and the backs bend. Nice color tho and they look great. <end>
 B000J4MMDU  Sterling Silver Created Pink Sapphire & CZ Rectangle Stud Earrings ||	  sterling silver created pink sapphire & diamond cz earrings  Very comfortable and surprisingly light-weight earrings. Earrings are more than I expected for value. Casual enough to wear to work yet stylish enough for an evening out. <end>
 B000J4MNIO  Sterling Silver CZ Bali Bead Rectangle LeverBack Earrings ||	  details lack crispness  On line the earrings look as though they had small beads circling the stones and it looked well defined. With the actual earrings the details were less than crisp and precise. The stones look smaller on the earrings and the actual earrings are slightly over sized for my taste. <end>
 B000J4MNNO  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst stone Rectangle LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  for the price they are beautiful  for the price these earrings are lovely. made very well and a nice size. i really love them <end>  Very pretty, as shown.  Very pretty and delicate earrings. Hoops don't appear super strong, but aren't cheap looking either. Would recommend to others. <end>
 B000J4MQ9K  Genuine Freshwater Cultured Black Coin Pearl LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Disappointing  The construction of these earrings is very nice -- but the pearls are not at all attractive. They look sort of like slightly lumpy brown Smarties candies. The iridescence, color and smooth surface shown in the picture are unfortunately not accurate. I am returning them. <end>  quite disappointed  The earrings do not look at all like the photo. In fact, they didn't even match each other! The surface was rough and the color is a muddy mess. I am returning them and would strongly advise anyone considering ordering to pass them by. I am quite disappointed. <end>  Beautiful and comfortable earrings  I was very pleased with these earrings. Just the right size and color to match my other black pearls. <end>
 B000J4N9VY  Sardelli - 14k White Gold 4mm Cubic Zirconia Post Earrings ||	  good for price  i really like these earrings, i dont like that the back and the post dont lock, so of course i lost the back of my earring pretty quickly. other than that i was satisfied. great price <end>
 B000J63ITK  Sterling Silver "Star of David" Cubic Zirconia Pendant ||	  She loved it  It's what she picked out and it definitely delivered. The chain is very thin and long and the charm is just about 1 full inch in diameter, so some may wish to use a different chain. I think it looks great the way it is. <end>  Beautifully deceptive piece.  As I am Jewish I thought I'd get my wife a meaningful symbol she could wear and I didn't want to get her a locket or anything like that. So I turned to this and it's been a great piece. She loves it and always gets complimented on it. I say deceptive because it looks like it coast and is worth way more than it actually is. Very beautiful and you cannot go wrong with this one. <end>  Great For Price  I get compliments from this necklace  not too gaudy, not too plain. It comes with a chain that perfectly accents the pendant. It's great for the price, and I love it, but it's obviously cubic zirconia and kind of sharp on the edges. Looks like the picture but slightly less vibrant. <end>  Beautiful!  This necklace is beautiful - so beautiful I would like to order more! Nicely made too! <end>
 B000J63IUO  Sterling Silver Celebrity-Inspired CZ Wishbone Pendant, 18" ||	  Adorable  I get compliments on this necklace everywhere I go! I bought one for both of my neices, they love then as well. <end>
 B000J6BSJ2  Yellow CZ Silver Drop Earrings ||	  THIS IS A SCAM DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!  These ear rings were going to be for my prom, i wanted them so bad as they were perfect for my dress, i could not afford it as i spent so much on other things, well my rush delivery it came out to be 23 dollars, my little sister with her babysitting money offered these as my graduation present! imagine her dissapoint when all her late hours taking care of screaming babies were for a rip off!! the earrings are about as tiny as my pinky nail! so sad they wouldve been the perfect gift  / i tried contacting this seller and NO ANSWER!! when ups delivered it, the seal was already broken and the driver didnt even bother to knock our door he threw it on our door step and ran, no time to get to him..this was my first online purchase i have learned my lesson.. <end>  SPARKLE  LOVE THESE EARRINGS- GOT FOUR PAIR-- WANT MORE!!!! THESE WERE A GIFT--LIKE OTHER COLORS- CASUAL/ GREAT PRICE. <end>
 B000J6YDNK  XY1182 Earrings Endless Hoop 14k White Gold Polished 1.25 mm Earrings 10mm Diameter ||	  Very small earrings  The earrings come with very nice box but their size is very small. Also wearing them are very difficult. They are not bad earrings but if I have another choice I wouldn't buy it again. <end>
 B000JC1AYO  Pugster Angel Fish White Italian Charms ||	  love this charm  Cute little charm, well made. Brings me back to when I was a kid. I love Curious George! Bought this a tailback and I have no complaints. <end>  Jumping Curious George  It is really cute and was very easy to install..My 'little monkey' even knows it is her and looks for it on my bracelet! Product came on time and was packaged very well. <end>
 B000JC51R6  Garnet waterfall necklace, 'Scarlet Droplets' ||	  Pretty  This is a very pretty, well-made piece. It just didn't have the pop of color I wanted. The silver design and workmanship is particularly interesting. <end>  Unusual Piece  This necklace was a Christmas present. I love the wonderful color of the stones against the highly polished Sterling Silver. It really pops ... Never seen a design such as this before, either. It seems as if the garnet drops are literally dripping off the necklace itself. An amazing piece that can be dressed up or down. Very happy to own it.http //www.amazon.com/Garnet-Waterfall-Necklace-Scarlet-Droplets/dp/B000JC51R6/ref=pd_ybh_4 <end>  Not only GF approved, but my mother was jealous!  I admitedly felt a little cheap getting this for my girlfriend, but once it arrived, I was quite happy. I showed my mother to get her opinion(who also has a January birthday), and she was instantly jealous! Here my father was worried anything under $1,000 would be too cheap for her! My girlfriend? She loved it, too <end>
 B000JC97MQ  Sterling Silver Large Peruvian Pink Opal and Rainbow Moonstone Gemstone Toggle Bracelet - Gift Boxed ||	  Distinctive Bracelet  Beautiful bracelet, modern yet feminine. Quality is wonderful. Looks great to dress up jeans, or wear with a dressier look. I've had the bracelet for months and it's holding up perfectly! <end>
 B000JCCING  XY1183, 14k White Gold Polished 1.50mm Lightweight Tube Endless Hoop Earrings 20mm Diameter ||	  Wonderful  I bought these for my mom at Christmas and she absolutely loves them. She's generally allergic to specific types of metals, but these have given her no problems at all. She's very satisfied and wears them all the time. <end>
 B000JD06JS  Sterling Silver Peridot, Garnet, Citrine & Amethyst Pendant ||	  Pretty necklace, poor build quality  This necklace is nice, but its build quaility is very much lacking. On the first day my girlfriend wore it, the pendant came off of the chain, and two of the gems detached from their places. Also, the gems are very, very faded in color, and are nowhere near as vibrant looking as in the photo. <end>  Very Adorable Pendant!  This is a great pendant. Very versitile because of the different color stones. You can match it with almost everything. The chain is an average box chain at about 16 inches. It fit me just fine but I did not buy the pendant for the chain. I was making this purchase specifically for the pendant. Overall, it's a great purchase and it'll be in my jewelry box forever. Definitely a "keeper" piece of jewelry. <end>  Nice but not what I thought  I guess you get what you pay for. I like the pendant and earrings but a few of the stones were slightly chipped and it was not the quality I thought. I just don't feel like shipping it back and I will wear it. <end>  Pendant is fine, the chain is terrible.  I like the pendant piece, but the accompanying chain is so short you'd have to have a 5" neck to wear it! When I bought this piece, the description didn't really mention the chain, so I was suspicious. When I rceived it, I saw that my suspicions were correct. The chain was so small that I seriously doubt that and adult could wear it as a "choker". It was a choker alright! Regarding the pendant piece, it is very pretty. Not too big and not too small! The stones are small, but delicate. All in all, I am somewhat pleased with this purchase. I have ordered a longer chain to put the pendant on. I wonder if that might have been deliberate by the seller. Hmmm. <end>
 B000JD28GC  Sterling Silver Peridot, Garnet, Citrine & Amethyst Dangle Earrings ||	  Pretty, but small  The stones in these earrings are rather small. I guess I should have expected that for the price. They are very pretty, however. I like them because I can wear them with so many outfits! I also bought the matching necklace. I was NOT impressed with the necklace. I honestly don't know who the manufacturer had in mind when they selected the chain for the pendant. It was so small (short) that I seriously doubt if anyone beyond the age of 10 could wear it! I showed it to a friend and she said that her daughter (who is quite petite) couldn't wear a chain that short! But, we're rating the earrings. They are lightweight and not too "garish". I believe that they could be worn with casual or more dressy outfits. The stones are small, but perhaps I should say "subtle". Very understated! <end>  Disappointment  I bought these for $12 which I thought was such a good price. I gave them to my daughter in law and a week later she gave them back in a zip lock. Three stones had fallen off. I fixed them and gave them back. A week later three more stones had fallen off. They are not made well at all. <end>  Gorgeous exotic light weight dangling pierced earrings  I really loved these earrings. They can be worn with just about any color outfit. They are extremely lightweight. And the price is low! I loved them so much, that I bought a pair for my sister. <end>  cheap cheap cheap  what a fool am I. Already one 'stone' from each earring has dropped off...and those 'stones' look suspiciously like plastic. they are so small and my eyes are so old that I can't tell for sure! I do wear the earrings; but, be warned, they are not worth what you're paying! <end>  it came to me missing 3 stones  when it was delivered to me there were 3 stones missingim very upset <end>  Beautiful Earrings  Bought them with matching pendant. Received it on time.-a PrOuD aMaZoNeR <end>  Nice mix of stones  When I first saw these, I thought they might be too much, but when I received them, and wore them for the first time, I was quiet pleased with them. Not only did I receive multiple compliments on them, but, I was asked where they can be purchased. They are light weight and easy to wear. The mix of stones blend beautifully into one another. They look nicer on than sitting in the box. <end>
 B000JD36TK  Sterling Silver Red Enamel Heart Earrings ||	  Heart Earrings part of Christmas gift  Beautiful, detailed, and very high quality for the price. Am very, very pleased with the prompt shipping as well. Highly recomended. <end>  Bigger would have been better  These earrings are "cute." If they were just a bit bigger I would feel comfortable in them. They will make a nice gift instead. <end>  Red Enamel Heart Earrings  These earrings are cute but they are really tiny. Much smaller than I thought they would be. <end>  too tiny  even though measurements are posted in product information, I was still surprised at how small the earrings were. Nice, but appropriate for a child. <end>  Kid's Jewelry  Seeing the size of these hearts, I would definitely call them kid's jewelry. However, my 72-year-old mother hasn't taken them off since mother's day! She says they make her smile every time she looks in the mirror. <end>  Exactly what I had hoped they would look like  They are exactly as shown in the picture. I was looking for something small, bright and casual. These are exactly that. They are a good buy for the money. <end>  young lady loved them  Birthday present for a 15 year old.. she loved them... couldnt wait to put them on - nice earrings. <end>  very fast shipping!  cute earrings exactly what I expected to be and the shipping was super fast as well! <end>
 B000JE7FRS  Diamond Initial Pendant "D" in 14k White Gold ||	  Very Nice!  For what I paid, I expected a lot less than what I received... I wish the chain had been longer/stronger, but hey, I never keep those promotional chains anyway. The pendant is sparkly and the diamonds are of decent quality for the grade. Keep in mind that the picture has been enlarged to show detail... However, the pendant is not so tiny that it can't even be noticed. The necklace was also shipped in a nice red wood jewelry box that opens up and has a mirror inside. Overall, I am very pleased with this pendant. Great value! <end>
 B000JE9HJM  14KWG Diamond Circle Pendant with 16in. chain ||	  not worth it  I was so excited waiting for this to arrive. Once i received it i felt ripped off. it looked very cheap, did not shine at all, and it was an odd layout. The center piece was bevelled and raised too far out. The side view looked tacky to me. The "diamond" accents looked like flecks of tinfoil. I returned it for a full refund. <end>
 B000JEEKV2  Sardelli - 14k White Gold Small Twisted Hoop Earrings, 14mm x 19mm ||	  poorly made earrings  the earrings were cheaply made and were not the same size. One was smaller than the other...the earrings were returned..... <end>
 B000JEJAAI  Sterling Silver PaveCZ Bracelet ||	  GREAT ITEM!!!  This bracelet is really nice. I bought eight bracelets for the girls in the office. I liked the idea that money was going to Ovarian Cancer Research with my purchase. But, I was delighted to find out the bracelets were really nice and high quality..I'm sure the girls will enjoy their Christmas gift...the bracelet and knowing money was being donated to such a worthy cause. <end>  Better than expected!  I was very pleased when I received this bracelet. I have been looking for a long time for a toggle bracelet with a little bit of bling. This hit the mark. I wear it everyday and have received many compliments on it. It is a bonus that it is a benefit for Ovarian cancer. <end>  problem...................  I am surprised that you are asking for a review. I ordered this item several weeks ago and I have not yet received it. Apparently, there is a problem in the order/evaluation/shipment process <end>  Ocarian Cancer bracelet  I bought it for the cause, however, came apart in pieces within a couple of hours. Other friends who ordered theirs came apart also. <end>  I love this bracelet  This bracelet is very simple and elegant. The pav&eacute; cz has a great sparkle, but isn't overboard. I also like the fact that it's a rolo bracelet--the links are delicate and small, but very sturdy and have a nice gleam to them. Furthermore, the charm "O" is a nice style and doesn't look gaudy. There are some tiny little dots on the back of the charm (not so sure what those are all about).This bracelet looks great stacked on top of my silver bracelet watch. Wearing any bracelet can make it hard to type, but this one is cool because you can actually peg it nice and tight to your wrist by wrapping the "stick" part of the clasp beneath the rolo chain if you want it out of the way.I get compliments every time I wear this bracelet; so, it's nice that it supports a good cause since it does get noticed. Obviously, if you're looking for fine jewelry, this might not be your choice, but as they say, "Diamonds are forever, but CZ is for right now." ;-)I would recommend this for those in their teens, but even for women in their twenties and thirties who like the whole sterling-silver bling-thing. Also, definitely recommended for those interested in supporting good causes such as ovarian cancer awareness. <end>  Great bracelet  I love this bracelet. It's very pretty & looks just like it was shown. Looks expensive & tasteful. I have bigger wrists, so I'd like it better if it came in larger sizes..but it goes great with my watch. <end>  Wonderful Bracelet/Wonderful Cause  This bracelet is very nice and the donation is for a great cause....It came like a true gift would be presented and I am very happy with it. <end>  Remembering a loved one...  My mother passed away from Ovarian cancer in 2006, and when she was in hospice, I made about 12 bracelets for family members...using a mixture of teal beads, and silver awareness ribbons and such. I still have the bracelet I made myself then, but when I saw the display for this bracelet at the drugstore with the Loreal products, I got on and ordered it right away. It's nice to have something with me everyday to remind me of my mom, but it is still subtle and elegant. I have received many complements on it as well. Eventually, I think I will get the matching necklace and earrings. <end>  Excellent Serivce  Item arrived on time in conditon described including leather display pillow, felt pouch, and certificates of authenticity. <end>  Beautiful bracelet!  I got this for Christmas off of my wish list. It's simple and stunning. I love it! I especially like that it's not flashy or gaudy, so it 'could' be real. <end>  Such a nice gift!  I received this bracelet as a bridesmaid gift and it was just perfect. It is very pretty and just the right size. Netaya does offer the bracelet in white gold and diamonds if one prefers. It is very nice and I highly recommend it. <end>  Very nice; but not for everday wear  I purchased this piece and was pleasantly surprised. It was a nice size and weight. Not to mention it was for a good cause. I received many compliments on it. I will just add contrary to some other reviews, it is not for everyday wear. Mine in spots on the links have become very dull as if the finish came up. This piece would be great for special ocassions. Would recommend; but with that tid bit of info. <end>  Totally misleading  I am shocked L'Oreal would use such a piece of junk for a fund raiser.The size of the item was a bracelet for a two year old. The choice on size was not explained or useful. The item looks like fake diamonds and as if the stick on top will fall off when bumped.Maybe those who rated this higher got a different item. I hope the return and credit will not be as bad as the product. <end>  Great product  Beautiful bracelet. I already had one, and bought another for a friend. She loved it. <end>  L'oreal bracelet Color of HOPE for OCRF  I am happy with the product, I received it as advertised and in a timely manner; seller/Amazon kept me updated about shipment/delivery status. Would recommend item and seller <end>  Great transaction  The product is beautiful and I'm glad to know that part of the purchase price goes to cancer research. <end>  Great gift. Great cause.  My wife is completely floored with the bracelet. She put it on the moment I surprised her with it and has not taken it off yet (three days now). She especially loved it when she read the enclosed brochure that accompanied the bracelet. The quality and craftsmanship of the piece is stunning. I expected the links to be a bit larger but it is still very satisfactory. It makes a great gift idea for that special person. Because it is so nice and for such a great cause, I think I will purchase a few more as birthday gifts for my mom and sisters. <end>  Satisfactory  bracelet narrower in width than expected.. however very elegant and nicely package. Was pleased with the purchased. It was given as a christmas gift and the receiver was very pleased with it as well. <end>  Love it!  This is an extremely beautiful bracelet, the picture doesn't do it justice. I get compliments all the time, and I can tell people to get one because it's for such a good cause. <end>  I love it  I love this bracelet. It is prettier "in person" than in the picture. And for a good cause,too. <end>  Very Pleased  The product arrived in a very timely manner, even during the holiday rush. For the money, I'm quite pleased and would recommend this product simply for the joy of knowing that part of the proceeds is being used for research that arrests many of the women in our lives. <end>  Elegant -- well worth the cause!  Beautiful piece for day and evening wear. What a great cause and reasonable price. Highly recommend. <end>  Great Customer Service!!  I just wanted to put it out there that after returning from an over seas deployment I found that my bracelet had never arrived in the mail. What treat it was to simply sending NETAYA an email explaning my troubles they promise to ensure I received my bracelet as soon as possible, no trouble at all!! They are wonderful folks. Thanks so much. <end>  Great Bridal Party Gift  We bought theses bracelets in the memory of my grandmother who fought a vallient battle against ovarian cancer and did not survive. We will wear these on my special day and know that she is with us and we are helping in her fight. The bracelets are a very nice quality and look more expensive than their cost. <end>  Do NOT do business with Netaya - HORRIBLE company!!!  Netaya Jewelry is a complete JOKE of a company! I ordered a piece of jewelry from them on the 4th of July, 2008, intending it as a birthday gift for the 15th of July. Never received a tracking number. On the 14th, I called to check up on it, and they said they were doing inventory, and my item wouldn't be shipped until the 16th. They claimed to have sent me an email on the 9th (five days after they accepted my payment, btw), which I never received. Customer service was horrible, and they were not interested at all in finding a solution. After enough complaint, she agreed to upgrade my shipping to 2-3 day (still on the 16th). On the 16th, I got an email saying that they didn't have my item, but would be shipping a similar piece. However, the item in the email they claimed I ordered, as well as its replacement, was something entirely different. Called immediately to catch them before they sent me the wrong item, and they couldn't find my order. She had to call me back. Once they figured out what I ordered, she said it would take 1-6 days to ship. What about the 2-3 day shipping referred to by the other customer service agent? Well, there were no notes in my account, so ... tough. Finally received the item on the 23rd, and it was the WRONG ITEM!! Netaya, if you read this, feel free to make this right! This was order number 118493. Customers, please help make this ridiculous company responsible for themselves and deny them business!! You'll be doing yourself a favor! <end>  So many compliments!  I LOVE this bracelet. It's made from great quality materials, and I wear it everyday. It looks exactly like it does in the pic online, and has a good weight to it. It's by far my favorite bracelet. I would have paid double for it. <end>  I LOVE it!  I ordered this bracelet in early 2011 and fell in love when it was finally delivered! After almost two years it is still one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. I have small wrists so it fits me perfectly, and I get compliments on it all the time. The little crystals are still in place and have not fallen out. <end>  Pave "O" Bracelet  This beautiful bracelet arrived on time and in perfect condition. The bracelet itself is the perfect size for an average woman's wrist. I purchased it for my daughter who has a small bone structure but it rests perfectly on her wrist and did not need to be sized. I was originally concerned that it might fall off easily but it has a sturdy toggle design and that has not been a problem. This bracelet is also offered at a reasonable price point--I may buy one for myself. <end>  love it!  This is a great item! I was looking for a dainty silver bracelet that I could wear all the time. I love the easy clasp and the 7" length is perfect, not too big or small. I'm very happy with it! <end>  So pretty, and for a good cause.  I was very pleased with the looks and quality of the bracelet, and having some of the money go to OCRF was a real bonus. I will be ordering more jewelry from Netaya. Classy, at a reasonable price.OCRF (Ovarian Cancer Research Fund) Fundraising Sterling Silver Pav&eacute; CZ Bracelet <end>  O Bracelet  I love it. I did think it was going to be a little bigger in size, but it is still cute and dainty and I wear it often. <end>  not what I expected  I recieved this product and wasn't happy..It didn't look as nice as it did in the picture. It was very light and felt cheap. <end>  Beautiful and worth every penny - great charity also  A very dear friend and many acquaintances have passed from this dreadful disease. I ordered this bracelet in honor of their brave fight against this insidious monstor. The bracelet is absolutely beautiful as a gift for your family or friends - or for yourself. <end>  Pretty as the picture  I have ordered and recieved two of these beautiful and meaningful bracelets. I'd be happy to recommend this product to anyone. <end>
 B000JFTXZO  Sterling Silver 10mm Purple Jade Gemstone 8.5 inch Bracelet With Secure Latch Clasp ||	  Jade bracelet  The purple jade looks great it matches some earings I bought for my girlfriend last year. I gave it a four because the latch clasp wasnt that secure so I adjusted it a little and now its fine. <end>
 B000JG6GZI  Fantastic yellow gold plated octagonal cufflinks set with opal with presentation box ||	  nicer than shown  very nice product but small just right for a woman so I will give as a gift. I would recommend this for a woman it is a little small for a mans shirt <end>
 B000JHFF68  "Ashely" Girl's Musical Jewelry Box and Clock ||	  Very Cute Box  My daughter really enjoyed receiving this box. Its very pretty. It is smaller than what I thought it would be, but still very cute. <end>  Heavy duty.  These came shipped beautifully and what a great value for what you get. Adorable!!! <end>
 B000JHFFAO  Antiqued Brass-Tone Vintage Design Multicolor Rainbow Austrian Crystal 7" Link Bracelet ||	  Beautiful!  The picture does not do this bracelet justice! The stones are really wonderful, vivid colors! I was very surprised when I opened the package. The picture makes them look a little washed out! <end>
 B000JHXM3G  Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot Celtic Trinity Knot 7" Link Bracelet ||	  A wonderful bracelet!  Beautifully crafted! I like that you barely notice it in everyday life - usually I have trouble writing and typing with bracelets, but not with this one. The clasp takes a moment to get used to (if you have to put it on yourself  don't use lotion beforehand!), but all together an inexpensive, beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000JJ9J1I  Silver plated cushioned shape cufflinks with purple cats eye with presentation box ||	  Awesome  I bought these for my dad for my wedding. They're the kind of style that a young or older guy could wear. Classic yet unique. Love the purple color too. <end>
 B000JJL5P6  Fresh Water Pearl Sterling Silver Earrings - Classic & Perfect ||	  My favorite earrings  You can't go wrong with these. They are perfect dressed up or down. Not too big, not too small. <end>
 B000JJLMJA  14K Tiny Textured Crab Pend - GH16902 ||	  Very pleased  The pendant was shipped promptly. I recieved it in excellent condition. It was just as the seller described and I am very happy with it. <end>
 B000JJLMR2  14K BEE & LDYBUG ENML TOE RING - GH24226 ||	  SOOO cute!!!  I've had this for a while and always get compliments on how cute and original. I did put it on too tight and my toe went blue, but now i put it on as ment. I love this toe ring. <end>
 B000JJQMF4  14K Yellow Gold 0.09 ct. Diamond Channel Set Anniversary Ring ||	  HUH???!!!  The ring and the description DO NOT MATCH!!!The diamonds do not go all the way around. DO NOT BUY this ring! I could have bought this ring at any local discount store. Don't waste your money <end>
 B000JKLOYC  Gold Religious Saint Christopher Pendant Necklace 24" ||	  Don't recommend  I purchased this chain and pendant about a month ago, within a couple of weeks it began to tarnish. I cleaned it, but the chain and the back side of the pendant remains discolored. Waste of money. <end>
 B000JL5J7O  Amazon.com  C121 Tie Bar - Diamonds  Clothing ||	  Beautiful  My dad's birthday came around and we looked high and low for a tie bar locally. None of them were all that stunning. My mom and I picked out this one on Amazon and my dad loved it.Well made, and looks as stunning as the picture. It came with a nice box and shipped really fast (note the shipping price, they really did ship for the amount, so it was worth it). <end>
 B000JLB81U  14k White Gold 6mm Round Coated Blue Topaz Pendant, 18" ||	  Very pretty!  I purchased this necklace to go with the beautiful blue topaz earrings my husband had given me. The stones are a perfect match, sparkling and beautiful, delicate but noticeable. I always get compliments when I wear this jewelry. I can only recommend it! <end>
 B000JLZQ6I  Pugster Pink Crystal Tree Frog Valentine Body Jewelry ||	  Cute Frog Belly Ring  Pugster Purple Crystal Tree Frog Dangle Belly RingDarling belly ring for anyone who loves frogs! Photo doesn't do it justice ... great quality at a value. Very quick shipping time. Will buy from Pugster again! <end>
 B000JM8E3E  Stainless Steel Men's Skull Bracelet, 9 inch long ||	  loved it!  This was such a perfect gift for my boyfriend. He loved it! You will definitely love this product. Only thing that was difficult about using it was putting it on but then again, aren't all bracelets?! THANK YOU!!! <end>  Awesome Bracelet !!!  Excellent bracelet...Well worth the wait to get it...Absolutly love it and would order from Sabrina Silver again...Thanks you guys are awesome... <end>  Never Received Item and Seller did NOTHING!!!!!  This was suppose to be a Father's Day Gift and it turned into a nightmare getting the seller to provide good customer service. I placed the order on June 3, got an email the same day from the seller that it would arrive June 14. Then I get a tracking number from the post office indicating that the item was delivered on June 4th, 10 days prior to when it was suppose to. Normally I'd be thrilled that it arrived early....... BUT, I never received the package. Post office did nothing.... Seller did nothing and it's impossible to submit a claim through Amazon without jumping through hoops!!! I can't even file the claim until June 17th since the sellers delivery window promised was June 14th. LAME!!!!!! <end>
 B000JM8E8Y  Stainless Steel Men's S Link Bracelet, 8 inch long ||	  daytime bracelet  I am very happy with this bracelet. The S design is artfully designed and not cheap looking. I bought it as a bum-around bracelet. Something i can wear during the day time, while doing everyday chores or going somewhere like the beach. The stainless steel has a shinny look like chrome. It does not seem to be easily scratched or dulled. The latch is very strong and blends in with the S design of the bracelet. PS you can wear it to some where nice at night too. <end>  Other bracelets? Nah.  When I got this bracelet, I was expecting something significantly lower quality than what I had thought of. But in all honesty, this bracelet is marvelous. The thickness, weight, and just general make is flawless in every link. If you're thinking about buying another bracelet, don't; I've already made up your mind for you, you are buying this one. Now look at your bracelet, and back to mine, now back at your bracelet, now back to mine. Sadly, your bracelet isn't mine, but it can be if you hit the purchase button write above here. I'm on a chariot surrounded by women. See what this bracelet does for you?The only tiny problem I have is how the clasp sticks out 1 micrometer above the rest of the bracelet, probably to obtain a better grip on it without requiring you to bend the bracelet to unclasp it. I'm just anal like that. But seriously, you will not be disappointed after purchasing this one. <end>  Good Lookin'  Looks great, and the price is right, cannot be more expensive or less cheaper I just wish i could make it shorter but well Im lovin it... go for it ^.^ <end>  Nice bracelet  I am very happy with this bracelet. It's heavy duty, and looks very nice. Would buy another. <end>  Great Bracelet  For the price a very nice piece of jewelry, attractive, masculine. Happy I bought it. <end>  Very Nice bracelet!  Got this for my 19 year old son. He loves it. I appears to be made very well with a strong clasp. It even came in a really nice gift box. <end>  good everyday bracelet  well made, fits and looks good too.I don't worry about losing or breaking it.classy alternative to wearing gold andvery affordable <end>
 B000JNPEVI  Sterling Silver Channel Set Emerald Cut CZ Fashion Ring, Size 13 ||	  VERY SPARKLY!  ring was very sparkly, fit well for my middle finger, nicely made. recieved many compliments on it. worn it several times and the stones havent fallen out. great ring for the price! <end>  Very Sparkly  The shipment arrived in a very timely manner. The ring looks wonderful, very sparkly. This ring also takes up a lot of room on your figure. It was exactly what I was looking for. <end>
 B000JP2B9Y  Blue Full Moon Howling Wolf in Forest Scene Sterling Silver Slide Pendant ||	  so expensive for so little  First before i start the review, please note that amazon itself sells this item for $45 through the same seller. however it is fulfilled through amazon.Now i've been wanting to buy this pendent for over a year since i first saw it. I've waited until i had the money to put into this and when i received the pendant, i could not be more disappointed. I had originally bought it for my mate and had it shipped to myself to put into a necklace i was making him.When i received it, the front was very nice, shiny and looked like what i had paid for. However if you turn it over, the back is not filled in, and the stone and claws that hold the stone, jut out that back extremely far. Not only that but they are very sharp to have against your neck or chest. It easily digs in. For the price this item is selling for it was extremely disappointing.For something i had waited so long to buy its nothing as good as in the pictures. I added my own in good light and with a white background behind it so you get a very clear picture of the pendent.Now the seller was worse then the item. no response from emails for over a week, no number to call. I had to open an amazon A to Z claim (the very first in 3 years) and they finally replied back with a prepaid shipping label. No notes or messages, nothing just the label. As of this time, its been 4 days since it was received and no refund, however its only fair to give them a full week.All i can say is if you truly want this item, get the one that is fulfilled through amazon so returns are much easier if you don't like it. <end>  Wolf totem.  What a great item. The detail is very striking and the blue stone is very nice also. The pendant itself has a nice weight to it. My only concern before actually seeing the product was that it might end up looking too feminine, but I think it'll do just fine. Silver Insanity was a great vendor to purchase from. <end>
 B000JP68B6  Blue Full Moon Panther / Cougar / Mountain Lion Cat in Tree Scene Sterling Silver Slide Pendant ||	  cougar pendant  This was a gift I bought for my boyfriend and the pendant is very nice.Seems to be of good quality and is a great pendant for a male.It is large and I wouldn't like to wear such a large pendant as a female though.Eyecatching and symbolic.Makes a great statement and is a perfect gift for someone who likes cats. <end>
 B000JP68BG  Blood Red Full Moon Panther / Cougar / Mountain Lion Cat in Tree Scene Sterling Silver Slide Pendant ||	  Unique design  Some will love this pendant and some will not. I like it okay. The design, while being interesting and unique and the sort of pose that is quite appealing, is not fulfilled in the quality of work. The mountain lion, for example, is not carved as well as it might be. So while this piece is interesting and appealing, it is not stunning. <end>
 B000JQ18KQ  6g (6 Gauge) Surgical Steel Single Flare Plug Earlet ||	  Not bad.  Decent earlets. The groove could be a bit deeper for the o-ring, but for the price not bad. Smooth with little imperfections. <end>
 B000JREAKK  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Woven Men's Ring Flawless Quality 1/2 inch wide, sizes 9 to 14 ||	  A few flaws  Received it quickly but the ring had a few flaws. I could tell where it was pieced together. <end>  Nice Ring  Love the ring. I use it as a replacement for my worn & tired wedding ring. I wish it was available in gold or at least two tone. Great value <end>  Nice piece of jewelry  Ring is very pretty. It is very comfortable to wear. Well made but light. Highly recommended. <end>  Decent ring.  Take a look at the pic I uploaded!I'm a guy and I bought this size 10 ring for myself. I've been wearing it for 2 weeks, and I like most aspect of this ring. ...As another reviewer mentioned, the downside to this ring is where it was "welded together " the welds themselves are flawless, however, the dude who did the welding was kinda lazy, and s/he didn't really do a great job of trying to continue a "Flawless Celtic Knot" (as the ring clearly says in its' description).Pros + Overall ring structure is good, and the welds are all rounded and smooth!+ Very study considering how lightweight it is; it would be very difficult to deform this ring unless you intentionally forced it with a clamp...Cons - The worker who welded the two ends of the ring together was lazy, and didn't do a precise job of keeping with the design (though I seriously doubt most people would notice it at a glance).I recommend this ring! <end>
 B000JSBUCU  Amber Delight Resin Bangle Bracelet ||	  Authentic amber look for anytime wear!  I am a amber collector and was impressed with the look of this faux amber. When I want to go casual, this bracelet is definately a great buy! <end>  Beautiful and healing  I bought this amber bracelet for the healing properties of amber. It is calming and comfortable to wear, but can cause sweating during summer months. It is beautiful as an accessory also. It is not as yellow while wearing as depicted only if you were to take it off and hold it up to the sunlight. Great price. I like the copper bracelets that I purchased as well (for arthritis). <end>
 B000JT4A8A  Carolyn Pollack Sterling Silver, Turquoise, Amazonite, Smoky Quartz, and Picture Jasper Beaded Concha Dangle Earrings ||	  Love these earrings  These earrings were an exceptional value from Carolyn Pollack's jewelry collection. I have several pieces of hers and this was a good find. I can wear them with several other pieces of hers because of the variety of stone used in the earrings. The earrings make a statement which I like...Adds to the whole southwest ensemble... <end>
 B000JTJZLM  Nicole's Choice Drop Cut White Shell Dangle Earrings ||	  Cheap Earrings  I bought these to make my order qualify for free shipping. They were worth that. . .but not for wearing. The glue connecting the earring to the finding did not hold, so they were broken in the bag. Oh, well. . . I got my free shipping. <end>  Long-lasting look  I have had these earrings for about 5 years and I still love them. They match a variety of outfits and are durable enough to make it through my college years. The white shell is beautiful and eye-catching. <end>
 B000JTLV50  Dangle Earrings with Baked Glass Amber Flat Bead ||	  Nice...  I love my earrings..they look elegant and match my collar necklace perfectly...the only con is that they are a tad heavy..and begin to weigh down the ears after a while...suitable only to be worn for short durations of time... <end>  Beautiful earrings  The earrings are very nice and they are light weight. I will get a lot of use out of them. <end>
 B000JTRU8M  Inuyasha  Inuyasha Heart Anime Necklace ||	  Cute!  I love Inuyasha and this necklace is Soooo cute, kinda wish the drawing was a little better but for what it is its enjoyable, a welcome addition for any fan! <end>
 B000JUDPDK  Blue Dog Pin from the Artazia Collection #0321BL NP OP ||	  Artazia Rocks !  The jewelry from this company is outstanding! I have the blue dog, gecko, frog, chameleon and teddy bear and am looking at several others. Their designs are unique and the craftsmanship is exquisite. I am not a "jewel" person but this collection of pins is perfect for a sweater, blouse, lab coat to express a touch of whimsy and personality. Maybe a cow design would be a good one! I also found the same pins on another site where they were asking $40-50 more. Obviously, Artazia and Amazon make a good team! <end>
 B000JUDPEY  Love Heart Pin from the Artazia Collection #606 HP OP ||	  Fun Fun Fun!  I had been searching for fun jewelry, specifically pins, to decorate my jean jacket. I was so excited to come across Artazia! The pin is perfect. There are lots of different colors so I can match it with different tops easily. This piece is so unique whimsical. I plan on buying more jewelry as Christmas presents this year. <end>
 B000JUK4UW  Turquoise Dove of Peace Pin from the Artazia Collection #062TU JP NP ||	  This is one of the most beautiful pieces of jewelry that I've ever seen  I gave this to my wife as a present and she absolutely loves it. I also purchased another item from this company, which is equally as beautiful. The colors are vibrant and the pin is extremely well made. My wife gets compliments on this everywhere she goes. <end>
 B000JUK4YS  Spring is a State of Mind Pin from the Artazia Collection #678 GP OP ||	  Spring pin  I very much like the work of this company, but was disappointed because on my pin the word Spring was not centered and placed too high up so that that the red flower covered the top section of the word Spring. I bought this for my mother whose name is Aviva ( Spring in Hebrew) and her middle name is Mae. <end>
 B000JUK510  Chai (Life) in Star of David Necklace from the Artazia Collection #622 JN ||	  chai magen david necklace  This necklace is very pretty...it looks even better in person than the photos on the website. The chain is daintier than I thought...not a bad thing...I'm girly...and the colors are vivid without being garish. I would give this item as a gift...if I didn't fall in love with it for myself. My teenaged daughter loves it too, and our styles couldn't be more different. If you're looking for judaica that isn't ordinary, you've found it in this lovely, artistic item. <end>  even more beautiful in real life  My wife loved this piece of jewelry when I presented it to her for Hanukkah. She has been wearing it every day. In real life, it is even more beautiful, a real work of artisanship. The design on the back is as nice as the design on the front, just in case your necklace gets turned around. Artazia has good customer service too. They wrote to me to check on whether or not I liked the jewelry and I appreciated the personal touch. <end>  chai star of david necklace  This is an awesome piece of jewelry. My daughter loved it. (She is 19). She fell in love with this after seeing the movie about Esther in the Bible. ("ONE NIGHT WITH THE KING"). I highly recommend this product and this company. <end>  Very beautiful piece  I am very happy with this piece. The colors and the style are extremely unique and the dual-sided imagery really sets it off. My only complaint is that it is very light and the chain is as well. This gives the necklace an almost cheap feeling; however, even with that, this is still one of my favorite pieces from Amazon, yet! <end>  Star of David Necklace  I agree that these Artazia pieces are unique and very "girly." However if you're looking for something that embodies a bit more of the spirituality of this ancient sacred symbol, you might want to look elsewhere. I hate to say it, but these Artazia pieces look a bit like the Star of David in a "tarted up" version.I prefer the elegant, gorgeous Star of David pendants by Israeli designer David Weitzman. (For more info check my profile.) These are modern reinterpretations of the powerful Star of David symbol, yet they still carry an amazing spirit of esoteric beauty and religious wonderment. Whatever your faith or ancestry, his pieces will inspire and uplift you. <end>
 B000JVR616  Twin Strand Amber Resin Pendant Necklace ||	  Amber Necklace  It was really nice, but it looks more orange in the picture, than it actually is. I will be able to use it, but was a little disappointed that it wasn't more like the picture.But the quality was good and it came packaged well. I would recommend this to my friends who work with jewelry. I'm going to pull it apart and use the pieces to create different jewelry pieces. <end>
 B000JVTIOO  Pearly Strand Collar Necklace with Sapphire Blue Glass Beads ||	  Fab-u-lous!  Great necklace, especially for the price. The beads are bright and very pretty. Love it! <end>
 B000JVTIQW  Onyx Colored MultriStrand Square Resin Pendant Necklace with Metallic Gray Beads ||	  Won't buy anything again from this seller  The picture of the product and the item that I recieved were completely different. I bought this as a gift and was very dissapointed when I recieved the item <end>  Very Cute and great Value  Looks just like the picture. Actually the picture doesn't show all the detail of the necklace. I just received it yesterday and can't wait to wear it. <end>  I love it! Exactly like the picture!  I love this necklace! I looks exactly like the picture, is a great length, and a beautiful necklace. I've now purchased 3 more necklaces from this same supplier! <end>
 B000JVTYUW  Assam Antique Copper Metallic Pendant Necklace ||	  copper necklace  I needed a necklace to complete an outfit and wasn't having any luck finding one until I looked here! This necklace is beautiful! It matched my top so perfectly people have asked if they came as a set. <end>
 B000JVVPSQ  Amber Ball Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  Amber beaded necklace  I just received my Amber beaded necklace. I love it! Couldn't wait to wear it. The service was very prompt.Thank you. <end>
 B000JVVPTU  Honey Amber Floral Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  Hi  The colors are duller than I antiscipated. It is heavy so I guess it is rock mixed with maybe amber??  ) <end>
 B000JVVPU4  Natural Multistone Beaded Link Collar Necklace ||	  Natural Multistone Beaded Link  Got for a gift, received necklace quickly and the person loved it. She wears it with everything. <end>  different color stones  The stones are different color in the picture than in real life. This is not bad construction and design, but I wouldn't buy it again. Not my style as much as I thought it was in the picture. <end>
 B000JVXO8U  Pinky's Choice Pink Beaded Baked Glass Pendant Necklace with Floral Pink Beads ||	  a very cheap piece, indeed  i bought it because it was all over cute and very cheap. but when it came, the small beads were some cheap-looking plastic ones, and the paint already came off. it just looks like a little girl's worn toy.not recommended <end>  Very cute pink color  I bought this for my sister and she really liked it, and me too. The colors are exactly the ones you see on the picture. Delicate, but that's how we like our collars. Great value. <end>
 B000JVXRNM  Hannah's Choice Honey Amber Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  Great Quality for the Price  This was so inexpensive that I was concerned it might be really cheaply made. However,it is great! And it is Beautiful. Nice color, nice feel, pretty well made. I have received lots of compliments on it. It is well worth the money. I have purchased more of them to give away as gifts. So far everything I have purchased from this company has been very nice. The product looks like the picture. <end>  Came damaged  I wasn't expecting much for $1.79, but I was disappointed to open the package only to see that a couple of the beads had broken off. The color is also duller. Otherwise though this isn't a bad product for the price. It looks more expensive than it is. Still, beware of shipping damages. <end>
 B000JVZU1E  Brass Beaded Collar Necklace with Multicolor Accent Beads ||	  Cheaply made  I ordered 3 necklaces from this seller. One was too ugly to give to anyone. This one is not as pretty as it looks in the picture. It is obviously cheaply made - but I should have expected that because it is only $4.99. But this one does have prettier beads and I can give it as a gift. Just know when you are ordering that they are $4.99 for a reason. It was shipped very quickly. So no problems there. <end>  Lovely string of beads.  These beads arrived at my home appearing pretty much like the picture. The green-blue beads really shine in the sunlight. This necklace cannot be worn like a "choker", though it is not excessively long. I paired it with a plum top and green-blue skirt w/tiny gold and silver beading on the waist, and it looked perfect together.The only concern someone might has is with the "brass" beads. I do not know what kind of metal from which they are constructed (or even if they aren't just metallic paint coated plastic) but they are hollow and very light, and each is two halves put together...not solid. This is not a concern to me personally, and I received more than one compliment on the necklace. <end>
 B000JWBN9Q  Translucent Sparkle Resin Bangle Bracelet ||	  sparkle bracelet  I am very pleased with both items I received from Nvie Designs. They arrived very quickly, were nicely packaged and were as advertised. I will order from this company again. <end>  Does not match image  I needed something to add to my order to qualify for the free shipping, and thought this was a cute bracelet. From the image you would think that the bracelet was a rosy or amberish shade. What I got was gray and looks like it was produced from used materials. It just looks dirty (in need of a good scrubbing). I kept it only because it wasn't *super* expensive, and I didn't want to go to the aggravation of trying to return it for a refund. <end>  Not So Sparkley  Although the bracelet is embedded with glitter, the resin is a poor quality. It's a bit dull. Mine was very scatched when it arrived, and even has a small chip missing from the edge. <end>
 B000JWDRUE  Ethnic Floral Design Wood Tone Resin Bangle Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Eye Catching Piece.  I love this bracelet. For the price you are getting a quality piece. I fell in love with it from the picture and the actual product did not disappoint. Although I do have a small wrist so for me, this bracelet is a bit big. Just be prepared. But it is stunning! <end>
 B000JWG10W  Clearly Charming Jack-o-Lantern Halloween, Pumpkin Theme Italian Charm ||	  Happy Halloween  Fun, great looking addition to your Italian charm bracelet. Good detail and a larger charm make it easier to see. Definitely recommend. <end>
 B000JWJ1E0  Egyptian Silver Accessory Chains -16",18",20",22" or 24" ||	  Pretty knecklace  Although I probably could have found a similar Necklace at a store in town, I really liked the fact that it was supposed to be from Egypt. The chain is the perfect link to showcase my cartouche and is well made. A great gift or something for yourself. <end>  Lovely  I bought this for my niece's 16th birthday in December. She hasn't taken it off since she got it. The quality and workmanship are excellent. It is more substantial than the picture shows; nothing flimsy about this pendant! The customer service from this company was excellent, also. <end>  Great product, even better service.  I accidentally had this chain sent to my old address when i ordered it because i didn't change the default to my new address. When i emailed Steve, he completely worked with me and said as long as i was willing to get another one, he would give me free shipping. I would definitely do business with him again. Thanks Steve! <end>  Egyptian Treasures  This is a great company! Quality products at a fair price! Great customer service! I will definitely buy from them again. <end>
 B000JWLJCM  24" Egyptian 18K Gold Pendant Chain ||	  Beautiful Necklace  This is a beautiful necklace! Egyptian Imports truly has quality items at affordable prices. <end>
 B000JWMK5W  Moonstone and Quartz Bracelet ||	  MONSTONE AND QUARTZ BRACELET  THIS BRACELET IS MUCH MORE ATTRACTIVE THAN I EXPECTED FROM THE PHOTOGRAPH AND I WAS THRILLED WHEN I OPENED THE PACKAGE AND SAW THE PURCHASE I HAD MADE. THE PRICE IS GREAT AND IT LOOKS MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE PRICE REFLECTS. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS FOR ANYONE WHO LIKES STYLE, CLASS, AND FEMININE JEWELRY. <end>
 B000JWPGSA  Loving Family&reg Vermeil Pendant - Parents and 3 Children ||	  Cheap Chain  The pendant was larger than I expected, but the chain was garbage. It was way too long and flimsy and the clasp was broken. <end>
 B000JWQGGQ  Rose Quartz Bracelet ||	  Great price and product  I am not sure how they can sell something this nice for so little. Very happy with the bracelet. The rose quartz in the bracelet are of a nice quality and the bracelet is well made. <end>  A little disappointed  The bracelet is nice considering the price. I was a little disappointed that the color wasn't as bright as in the picture. The pink is very pale. <end>
 B000JWTV9U  Loving Family Vermeil Pendant - Parents and Child ||	  Great Pendant  Loved the pendant but comes with an over-sized chain that was too big for my wife. <end>
 B000JYEUTE  Household Essentials Ultra Jewelry Organizer ||	  Awesome  This is a great product to have - not to mention cheaper than a jewelry box. It really does keep everything organized. I am planning on buying this as gifts for my friends. The only downside is that this one doesn't have zipper so you can't travel with it. <end>  Using this every day  This simple pocket jewelry holder isn't very pretty, but very useful. I use my earrings and bracelets so much more now that I have this handy organizer hanging on my door. This adds needed variety to my wardrobe. It gets me out the door quickly. <end>
 B000JYN1U8  Silver Diamond Initial Pendant "L" with Silver Chain ||	  So many compliments!  This necklace is really pretty, just like shown in the picture! I have received so many compliments on this, since I got as a Christmas gift! The chain has two spots for the clasp, so you can make it shorter or longer. This is a great value too! <end>  Perfect at this Price point  Wow I mean when you get the necklace its not crazy shiny but for the price and the thought its amazing. A great thoughtful gift for those on a budget! <end>  Amazing  I got exactly what I wanted and expected with this item. I gave it to my girlfriend as a christmas present and she absolutely loved it. It came very fast. I would definitely buy from this seller again. <end>
 B000JYZCG4  Silver Diamond Initial Pendant "M" with Silver Chain ||	  Very delicate and pretty  I got this as a gift for my birthday and it is absolutely gorgeous. It was my favorite gift and I wore it everyday. However the chain is so delicate that it broke (i'm also very clumsy) and now i'm having a difficult time finding a replacement chain. I recommend this gift but only for women who are graceful and not as active as I am. <end>  Initial Pendant Necklace  Its often hard to tell what something is going to really look like on the internet. The picture that was posted looked exactly like the product i received. I was extremely happy with the product i received. And would purchase from this company again. <end>  Gift  I wanted my husband to get me a necklace for Christmas and so I came to amazon and picked out some necklaces for him to pick from and he chose this one. I love it! <end>  Gift for Girlfriend  I got it for my girlfriend. It is my initials and she loved it. She wears it all the time now.The chain is thinner than I expected. It is a very nice piece and I would say worth the buy as a gift. <end>
 B000JYZCJG  Silver Diamond Initial Pendant "B" with Silver Chain ||	  Pendant Review  Product is smaller than expected, approx. 3/4 inch instead of inch mentioned. Otherwise, very nice. Don't expect to actually see the diamonds if you're eyes aren't perfect. <end>
 B000JZ2Z7M  Southwestern Dragonfly Dangle Earrings with Turquoise Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver, #10521 ||	  Dragonfly Earring  Very nice earrings that my wife really likes. The processing and shipping was really quick and the super saver shipping was a bonus. <end>
 B000JZ4VOM  Southwestern Style Three Dimensional Lizard Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 13, #10992 ||	  Love it!  Very beautiful. I bought it for my boyfriend and he wears it every day. Wonderful quality. <end>
 B000JZ7USQ  SilverBin I Heart Bunco Stainless Steel Italian Charm Link ||	  cute gift/inside joke  Bought it as a gag gift...cute, small, arrived early. No complaints. <end>
 B000K0PMTE  Feng Shui Luck Charm Protection/Abundance ||	  Beautiful  i Love it so very much, great charm to carry and have around the home or work, lovely art work <end>
 B000K24JFU  Amazon.com  Greyhound Sterling Silver Charm  Clothing ||	  Great Gift  I purchased this Greyhound charm as a gift for a family member who LOVES Greyhounds and she went CRAZY over it. The charm is actually VERY NICE for the money paid. I bought the jewelry for a pre-teen. However, it would be suitable for anyone that loves Greyhounds. I was pleasantly surprised when I received the item--there is quite a bit of detail in the piece. It is well-crafted charm, especially for the price. <end>
 B000K24KFY  Colorful Amethyst and Citrine Y-necklace, 'Wild Feminine' 0.4" W 17.7" L ||	  Beautiful and well made  The necklace is very well made and the stones and metal have a good shine. It looks just as beautiful as shown in the images. It is not too delicate and doesn't twist or turn upside down much when you wear it or atleast it corrects itself. I wish it had matching earrings, though I have found earrings which can be paired with this necklace on amazon and novica. It is a very striking necklace so will not blend easily with every outfit but definitely worth buying. <end>
 B000K2DMKI  18k Gold Round-Cut Diamond 4-Prong Studs (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity) ||	  They are nice  These are cute little earings with nice color and brightness. I bought the white gold. I like them a lot. If you like small earings and want decent quality, these are a good pair to buy. I have small ears so they look very nice. They would also look nice in a second hole as they are small enough at a 1/4 cttw. I may order the 1/3 cttw. <end>  Beautiful but TINY  Had to return these because they are too tiny. basically 1/4 ct TOTAL weight means both earrings together. Not bad for a 2 year old girl, a nose ring or extra ear rings but not really practical for regular ear rings. <end>  Closer to SI1 than SI2  These diamonds are great. They really sparkle! I originally bought 1/4 carat total weight diamonds at Jared last month that were supposedly SI2 and I returned them, because they were more like I1 clarity. On the other hand, these diamonds are just as advertised, and they sparkle much more than the store bought diamonds that I initially tried. I highly recommend these if you are looking to own a smaller set of diamond earrings. <end>  Beautiful earings used as nose studs  beautiful sparkle, quality was excellent. Under 10x magnification little tiny inclusion, Under 20xs no different. Used as a stud for nose and split with a friend. Perfect size for nose stud or if you prefer as earings the sparkle and rainbows were everywhere. Quality was as stated and match was great. Diddnt matter in my case because of the split up. great $ for gold box offer. try to get the color and clarity for a better $ is hard to find. Would have been nice if they came with certification but my dealings with Gems they were pretty right on with the description. Both people are very happy with their new sparkly noses. Have been looking for a quality pair for nose purpose and these fit the bill. <end>  Perfect, Absolute Quality!  My daughter who is 9 months old bought these for my wife for Christmas. They were a lot cheaper than what we looked at in the store. I was a little worried on buying the diamonds without seeing them but knowing they were from Amazon, I knew Amazon would not sale cheap diamonds. I would say they have a better cut, clarity and color than any of the store non-certified diamond studs I looked at. I was really impressed and as she wore them today at the family holiday party she got a lot of complaints on the sparkle.Just in case I did not like the quality, I bought a back up certified pair of ctw diamonds at a department store for $60 more and bought a jeweler's loupe to compare. Wow, what a different in quality of the diamond and setting. I am so happy with them, now I am waiting for a deal on the 1/2 ctw for Mother's Day! <end>
 B000K2HIIU  18k Gold, Princess-Cut, Diamond 4-Prong Studs (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity) ||	  Exactly as expected  The product was exactly as I expected -- great-looking diamonds for a great price. Comparably-priced diamonds at retail stores were only I2 clarity at best, and the difference between SI and I is huge even to the inexperienced eye. <end>  Nice cut!  The specifications were right - SI range inclusions and I color, but one has to take a leap of faith when it comes to the quality of the cut since we must purchase these earrings sight unseen. I am happy to report that these stones have a great sparkle to them and are well worth the extra money. I must admit that the 1/4 carat total weight leaves for some small earrings, but I'd rather offer the wife a smaller but high quality item rather than a larger but inferior set of stones with poor cut, quality, and color. <end>  Awesome, lovely earrings!!  These are small, tasteful and an excellent value.I wear them nearly every day I love them so much!I am extremely pleased by the quality.The stones have an excellent cut and a wonderful sparkle.I highly recommend (esp. on sale!). <end>  Absolutely beautiful!  I recently bought these in white gold as a gift and could not be happier with them. They are larger than I had expected; I have a pair that are a 1/3 carat and these don't look much smaller than mine. I was really pleasantly surprised! Also, the quality of the diamond is quite good-with a diamond this size, it is virtually impossible to see any inclusions. I lucked into the 40% off sale going on as well. <end>  Great cut!  Good clarity and color. Looks flawless to the naked eye. If you dont mind the size, 1/4 total weight, then they are a great buy. <end>  Gorgeous earrings  I was a bit hesitant on buying diamonds online, but I figured its Amazon and I have never had bad luck with Amazon so why not. I must say it was very well worth it. The packaging was really nice, but everything that came with the earrings made it that much more special. They are very bright and beautiful. <end>  First Time Buying Diamonds Online  These were great earrings for the price. I was nervous about buying diamonds online. I was very happy once I received them. They came with certification documentation. My girlfriend loves them! <end>  nice for small diamonds  I hoped for more 'sparkle' considering the quality specified. But then they are small. Some online sellers provide a written certification of quality, but not Amazon. My wife wouldn't let me send them back, and she give them 4 stars. They fit comfortably and securely. <end>  much smaller than Sam's Club  I was really very disappointed that they seemed to be so much smaller than what the money would buy me elsewhere. I thought I would get comparable merchandise. I was very disappointed, and she assumed I spent less than I really did, so it was a big hassle for me all around. <end>
 B000K2INLQ  IGI Certified 10k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Studs (3/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Just an o.k. purchase  I bought these earrings for myself. When I got them, I was underwhelmed. Not much to them. Great purchase for a juvenile-too small for an adult. <end>  Diamond earrings  I have been wearing these earrings since i bought them two years ago. Love them! the clarity was not great but its what i could afford. <end>  Two studs were clearly two different sizes!  I know, what do you expect for diamond studs that are so inexpensive, right? Well, I expect them to look like a matched set, no matter how mediocre the quality. One earring was clearly smaller and narrower than the other--more of a rectangle than a square. I have resorted to wearing one in my second hole on one side only, because they look dumb as a pair. <end>  Good bargin  They looked just like they did in the add, I would have paid more for the same size at Waslmart and sales tax too. <end>
 B000K2K5Y4  IGI Certified 14k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Studs (1 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Earrings a real disappointment!  I am a huge Amazon shopper and felt confident about buying diamond earrings on the site. I ordered two pair, round and these princess. Both pair had the same certification for color and clarity but from two different labs. The round pair were absolutely beautiful - I wear them everyday. This princess pair looked like Kmart. They were brown, spotty, very unattractive. I returned them. <end>  diamond earrings  The pair I received is a bit dull and grey. I expected better quality. I am considering returning them. <end>
 B000K2K9OK  IGI Certified 10k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Studs (1 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Too cloudy  I thought I could sacrifice quality for size but that was a mistake. I bought these for myself for my birthday along with a pendant that was H-I and with fewer inclusions. Next to the pendant these earrings looked even more dull and of poor quality. I ended up returning the earrings and spending a little more on better quality. If you can, I'd recommend spending the money on a better cut with greater clarity. If this is the upper limit of how much you'd like to spend get a smaller size, better cut & clarity. <end>  Very nice  These earrings were well worth the money. I almost wish I had bought a second pair at that time because the price has gone up since. <end>
 B000K2KMTW  Pair of Glass Barbs  00g Emerald ||	  Beautiful and resilient!  My brother bought me a pair of these for xmas last year. I'm a bit clumsy, so sadly I've dropped each of them multiple times on hard floors (e.g. ceramic tile). The only damage they've sustained is minor chipping of the tips, and you can't even tell without looking up close since they still come to a point.At first I figured this would be the only glass pair I'd ever own since I'm such a klutz, but after seeing how well these stand up to impact, I'm hoping to get more soon.My only concern is that they seem to be a smidgen narrower than some other 00g jewelry I have, but I've encountered minor size variations from multiple makers so I have to conclude that it's inevitable.They're every bit as beautiful as they look in the pictures! <end>
 B000K36DAI  Marquise Shape 1.25 carat London Blue Topaz Ring Size 10 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Wonderful  It's beautiful. We were looking for a ring that doesn't sit high off the finger and it's perfect. She absolutely loved this ring. It's exactly as pictured. We've had problems with rings with rough edges and irritation from other dealers but this one is smooth and perfect for everyday wearing. She even sleeps and showers with it on with no problem. <end>
 B000K36DHQ  Trillion Cut White Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 12 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  still wearing it  I bought this ring this year and am still wearing it - they have large sizes for my big fingers. I love it <end>
 B000K3A6NS  Trillion Cut 1.50 carat Swiss Blue Topaz Ring Size 12 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Reality doesn't look like pic  It's not sparkly at all and the band is very thin. It bends and I don't wear anymore. Put away for just special occasion. Not real happy. <end>
 B000K3ZS4K  Ria's Choice Wood Beaded Long Collar Necklace ||	  very disappointed...  The necklace broke after just one wearing. It snagged on something & then the thin plastic holding the necklace together just snapped. I'm really disappointed, because the necklace was otherwise beautiful. <end>
 B000K5ML2K  Rhodium Plated Sterling Silver #1 Mom CZ Heart Pendant 16" to 17" Necklace ||	  mother's day locket  I was skeptical ordering jewelry on-line;however, the delivery came promptly. The heart is well crafted and prettier than I expected. I know my mom will love it! <end>
 B000K685E2  Sterling Silver Snake Chain Necklace 16" ||	  bright silver snake chain  Edited review in Sept 2008  One drawback to this necklace  Although this is still one of my favorite necklaces, I find that it continually catches on my hair at the back of my neck and does not let go. This happens all the time. Upon closer observation, I see that the ends of the chain where the clasp is attached to the chain are design such that there is a little niche/space between the weld and the chain, which is also kind of rough on the sides. I think this is due to poor finishing (these rough edges should have been filled/smoothed off at the factory). I may take my chain to my local jeweller to have this done.Original Review  This silver necklace is a substantial, unlike the necklaces which come with most pendants these days . I purchased it to wear with other silver pendants that I own (which came with such whisp-thin necklaces, i was afraid to use them.) Anyway, this Sterling Silver Snake chain 16" Necklace has a very lovely, smooth snake-y feeling to it, and its color is very clear bright silver. I hope to maintain the brightness, as it really looks wonderful. The length of the chain is exactly 16" as described, clasp included. Each end of the chain is stamped "Italy" . This necklace, due to the shortness and slight plumpness, almost approaches the look of a choker, at least it might on anyone with more than a slender neck. I find that 16 inch necklaces look good by themselves with casual clothes, especially for people like me who like to wear not-too-low-cut blouses and fancy t-shirts. This chain also really looks stunning holding a sterling silver-framed blue agate cameo, which i purchased from one of Amazon's jewelry sellers (it came with the pathetic thin chain as usual). If you use this necklace for other pendants, make sure the bale of the pendant is large enough to get the necklace through it. I measured it, and the shackle-end of this necklace 1/8 inch in thickness. The rest of the chain itself is 1/16 inch diam. I will try to post a photo of this chain sometime soon. <end>
 B000K6AA1S  14K 0.25ct Diamond Filigree Cross Pendant w/ Chain ||	  exactly what I wanted  I wanted a cross with a little sparkle (diamonds) and a unique look, not the same ordinary cross everyone wears. This cross is exactly what I wanted. The gold filigree really sets this pendant apart from other crosses I've seen. It's absolutely gorgeous and well worth the price. <end>
 B000K6AAKE  Sterling Silver Satin Shiny Filigree Flower Bracelet 7" ||	  Very disappointed.  This looks great, but it breaks at every section. I'm very disappointed in this bracelet. <end>  Very Disappointing...  I was very disappointed with this bracelet and I returned it. The photo was much nicer than the product. To put it bluntly, it was a cheap piece of junk. <end>
 B000K6BD8W  Sterling Silver 1.00 Carat Diamond Tennis Bracelet - 7.2" ||	  This is beautiful  Substantial, well made, very attractive. Can be worn both during the day and to formal events. Well worth the price; I highly recommend! <end>  Lovely for the price  Nice looking bracelet for the price. Got one in gold last year for a gift. Got the white gold this year for a gift. <end>
 B000K6D056  Sterling Silver Polished Striped Hard Bangle ||	  Valentine's Gift  Spend more money and get a better quality bangle(bracelet). There's a reason why it's on sell! <end>
 B000K6MV24  Comfort Bracelet ||	  Great Choice  My friend lost her husband and dog in a car accident. She loved the poem attached, is wearing the bracelet to keep her missed loved ones close. This is a great choice. <end>
 B000K6O85M  14K Yellow Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Milgrain Ring ||	  Very nice  This Opal is just beautiful. I could not be more pleased. Very high quality. The gold ring band is also very pretty. Ring came in a gift bag and case, packaging was great. Its a keeper. <end>
 B000K7F5O4  14k White Gold Moissanite 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1cttw equivalent) ||	  sparkling stones, beautiful!  My boyfriend bought me these for my birthday. They are gorgeous. They shine and sparkle like crazy! They even sparkle beautifully when there is very little light. They look MUCH better than my high quality diamonds, and at a fraction of the price. These are probably in the H-J color range and VS clarity if you want to compare them to diamonds. I'm saving up for the 2ct pair next! <end>
 B000K7F5QM  14k White Gold Moissanite Solitaire Ring (2 cttw equivalent), Size 8 ||	  A brief comment  I've found Moissanite indistinguishable from diamond in day-to-day wearing. I've researched diamond simulants and substitutes extensively over the last several months, and I don't believe the websites that claim that it chips easily and they had to sell diamonds to clients to replace them, as Moissanite's hardness is actually greater than sapphire at 9.25. Also, they claim that it has a greenish cast, but that's incorrect, too, from what I've seen. Maybe the early ones did, but the one I bought doesn't. It has more of a grayish cast, which is what actual diamonds have too. Moissanite does exhibit double refraction, but that's only visible under a microscope, no one can tell with it on your finger. The diamond vested interests must be really worried about Moissanite to resort to the sort of misinformation I saw, and for good reason. The price is one-tenth of what you'd pay for a two-carat diamond, and you can put the savings in the bank or invest it, which would be the smart thing to do, especially for a young couple.The diamond websites also claim that it's hard to find Moissanite with excellent clarity and lack of inclusions compared to the best diamonds, but still, even if true, you can't tell except under much higher magnification. Even an average quality 2 carat diamond is going to run around $12,000, but my Moissanite was only about $1400 even after taxes. The diamond websites I saw like to give you the impression that there's something wrong with Moissanite, but there's nothing wrong with having a ruby or sapphire or emerald, and as I said, Moissanite is actually slightly harder than sapphire at 9.25, and substantially harder than emerald, which is softer than sapphire at about 8.5. So really, it's like having a clear sapphire, but even harder, in terms of hardness and durability.Moissanite does have slightly higher light dispersion and refraction than diamond, but that just makes it look a bit more sparkly. It's not as dramatic a difference as cubic zirconia, which has much higher dispersion than diamond, and now I can tell the difference with cubic zirconia and diamond without much problem. But I don't think anyone but an expert, and maybe not even them, could tell with it just on your finger. I think they'd have to resort to the specialized tests. So overall, it's a great substitute for diamond that can save you many thousands of dollars, and I've been very happy with mine. <end>  Beautiful, sophisticated, distinctive and perfect  One of the most beautiful moissanite rings. The stone is beautiful and sparkles like it's on fire. Also, the shank is very modern and simple. The ring looks designer. <end>  We like Moissanite  I've been buying Moissanite for a few years now. My girlfriend is very happy with the pendants and earrings I've gotten her. No problems with chips but she is not hard on her jewelry. We feel that it has a bit more color sparkle than a real diamond. We really like that. We don't like cubic zircona and feel that Moissanite looks much better. Diamonds look plain to us. CZ looks cheap. Moissanite looks great.If you want to pass it off as a diamond, you can. Her friends are amazed when she tells them her stones are not real diamonds.We really like her Moissanite jewelry. I am about to order her 4th set. <end>  beautiful! but mine chipped in less than one year  (  I have a moissanite ... SO beautiful. A huge piece chipped off in less than 1 year, although my diamond (similar wear and tear) lasted 18 years with nary a scratch. I thought moissanites were supposed to be hard! But apparently that's different from shatter-proof  ( <end>  A disappointment  I really was hoping this ring would look similar to a diamond but when I got it, right away I could tell it wasn't even close. Then I put it up against a real diamond and two cubic zirconia rings and it absolutely looks more like a CZ than anything else. I bought this ring based on the other two good reviews but I have to disagree, this ring is a disappointment. Save your money and just buy a CZ or spend more and buy the real thing. <end>
 B000K7GOA8  Silver Diamond Initial Pendant "A" with Silk Cord ||	  We love it!  Looks very nice around her neck. The picture's accurate. Excellent for the price. or even if it was more expensive   Worth the purchase. <end>
 B000K8CC4O  Cute Stretchy Mixed Gemstone Web Chip Bracelet ||	  mixed gemstone stretch bracelet  I am lovin this stuff, so much so I ordered more for myself and friends. will, no doubt, order more in the future too! The stretch is what makes it perfect for everyone..the mixed gems goes with everything! <end>  Fantistic  This is a cute bracelet. Has many colors - so it goes with most any outfit. I love it! <end>
 B000K8XDPG  Sterling Silver Children's Pink Enamel Flower Pendant, 14" ||	  My granddaughter loves this!  Very nice quality, and pretty for a little girl. My 7 yr old granddaughter has been wearing hers 24/7 for quite a few months, and it still looks like new. Worth the money. <end>  Perfect for young girls!  I bought this necklace for a 5-year-old girl as her first "real" piece of jewelry. It is even more precious in real life than pictured here...so delicate and feminine. It is tht perfect "starter" necklace, as the price is so right and the size (14") fits just right on young girls.I am so pleased with this gift! <end>  cute but small  THis is a cute necklace, but it is much smaller than I expected. The flower is smaller than a dime. <end>
 B000KAAJ42  NFL San Francisco 49ers Cast Dangle Earrings ||	  Overall Happy  The earrings themselves look just like in the picture though I imagined them to be a bit larger, but that was my imagination and not the fault of the seller. They do say they are an inch in size. My only problem with them is that though they are light weight and look very nice, the material feels a little cheap. Overall, I am pleased with the product and the price can not be beat. <end>  Love  I bought this pair of earrings for the game a week before, it was a fast delivery I got them a say before the game! I really like the details in it. <end>  AWESOME  I know have 1 very happy sister! These are really nice quality. They came quickly and were not too expensive What more can one ask for?! <end>  yea good  so beautiful i love it mom yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea 49 jejej <end>  Great Looking, Great Price, Very Good Quality  These were stocking stuffers and they have seem to become good luck charms as they are now in the superbowl!! <end>  GO 49'ers  I chose this set of earrings to go with the necklace previously ordered. I love them and have enjoyed them alot. I will wear them thru to the Super Bowl!!!!! This site is great to order--they were quick to ship and pack very good. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  Great earrings  Very cute I was suprised because the cost was so low my daughter will love them! I would definately ordered from this company again <end>  Sister Loved them  I ordered this for my sister. My sister really really LOVED them alot! Theyre were AMAZING she said  D Great! <end>  Love the NINERS!!!  I purchased these earrings because I love the San Francisco 49ers!!! The earrings are ok, the silver on the right earring is darker than the silver on the left earring. Otherwise, I like them. I plan on purchasing a few more unique 49er items for my collection ;-) <end>  cute dangles  These earrings are super cute. They have a are very light-weight but have just enough so that to remind you they're still in your ear. <end>
 B000KB9ARI  Sterling Silver Mother-of-Pearl Earrings by Sajen ||	  Looked better on line  Not thrilled at all with these. One of the MOP discs was put on backwards and it is very obvious to me - one is shinier and has more "depth" to it than the other one. I gave them to my niece - she is 13 and imperfections like that don't bother her at this point in her life. She is happy with them. <end>
 B000KBA8D8  Sterling Silver White Freshwater Coin Pearl Necklace ||	  Awesome Necklace!  I love this necklace. It can be adjusted from 16 inches to 18 inches which works for most necklines. I love coin pearls. <end>
 B000KBAAKE  Sterling Silver Bezel Set Sapphire Eternity Band ||	  No...no...no...  Read consumer feedback FIRST! The ring looks better online than it does in reality. Apparently this jewelry is supposed to be "Tiffany inspired"? But for this particular item, more like Tiffany's sister.....I kept the ring though because I needed a blue-stoned pinky ring. It fulfills its purpose....for now....In general, I find that the Eve's Addiction simulated stone rings are overpriced for the cheap-looking creations you end up getting. Their stainless steel line is great though, that's your better bet. <end>  Sapphire Eternity Band  Let's just say... I will be wearing this eternity band for an eternity. I LOVE IT! shipped very quickly and great for price. <end>
 B000KBABC6  Sterling Silver CZ Skull and Crossbones Ring ||	  You get what you pay for.....  So at first sight, my wife loves the ring, perfecr xmas present. 4 days later, the skull breaks off the ring. Okay no big deal. Had to pay to ship it back to the company, even exchange for the same ring ( minus shippin). So the new one shows, literally breaks the day we got it. Time for a refund. Thirty dollar ring? I don't think so, should be cheaper cuz its made poorly. The skull and crossbones is attached by a small post to the ring, there is no support and no structure to it. You can put this thirty bucks towards a more expensive better made ring. <end>
 B000KBBBHA  Sterling Silver Spiral Design Collar Necklace by Sajen ||	  as advertised  The product I received looks just like the pictures. I'm worried about it tarnishing, but for now it looks spectacular. <end>  Very nice necklace  Pretty necklace, definitely met my expectations. I would buy this again or give it as a gift. <end>  exceeded expectations  I was worried that a solid necklace would be annoying and somehow pinchy or too heavy to be comfortable, but I figured I'd take a chance on this because I had a gift certificate and it looked cool. It's substantial enough to not feel like it's going to break, yet light enough not to notice too much when it's on. <end>
 B000KBC8DG  Sterling Silver Cushion Toggle Bracelet ||	  Plating wears off after a month or two  I bought this because I loved the Tiffany version. It looks okay at first, but now my 7 year-old has it because I wouldn't be caught dead wearing it with the plating falling off. <end>  Not worth $62  I purchase this bracelet because it was such a steal. It ended up being too good to be true. The view shown of the product is only for one side. The other side is hollow so if the bracelet flips over it looks really cheap. It is definitely not worth $62. This was a disappointment, but working with Eves Addiction was easy. I was able to exchange the bracelet for two necklaces. I received the exchanges within a week from when I sent the order. <end>
 B000KBDFTC  Sterling Silver, Mother-of-Pearl and Garnet Pendant by Sajen ||	  Pretty & Unique Pendant  I bought this pendant for a friend whose birthstone is garnet. It was so pretty when it arrived, I was tempted to keep it for myself!! It is a very pretty piece, yet a very unusual design and I am excited to send it to my friend to see her reaction... <end>  I adore this pendant  I own several Sajen pieces. This is (for the moment at least) my favorite Sajen pendant. The size is nice - not as large as one Sajen pendant I own but still very noticeable. The pendant has a nice weight to it which helps it to hang well on the chain. The silver work is very detailed and well constructed.Like all Sajen pieces it is very distinctive and draws lots of comments. <end>
 B000KBDFTW  Sterling Silver Collar Necklace by Sajen ||	  One of my favorite pieces from Sajen...  This is a super collar necklace. Very well constructed. I have to disagree with the other reviewer that said this necklace works well with pendants...it's a bit too high up on the neck for me to put pendants on. But it's just great by itself and that's the way I wear it.It's a little difficult to store because it's a rigid necklace but it is a beautiful piece and it looks fantastic on it's own with a shirt with a rounded collar. <end>  My Mom was thrilled!  This choaker was a gift for my mother...and she loved it! Very good quality for the price and wonderfully packaged. (I think she loved the jewelry box almost as much.) Thanks for a great purchase. <end>  Very Good Choice!  I purchased this choker a while back for my wife. and she wears it almost every day. My wife says it is so easy to change out pendants. They just slide on and off. This is solid sterling, so it polishes very nicely with a polishing cloth. The box it comes in is very nice too! It is metal covered with velvet. She stores other jewelry in it. 2 for one! cool! When mama's happy, everybody's happy! <end>  sturdy  I had been looking for one of these collars everywhere. I finally found this one. It came beautifully packaged, ready to give as a gift. It has a nice slanted shape so it sits well on the neckline. It is a sturdy piece of jewelry. Quick to put on, especially when your running late and you can easily change pendants. Simply elegant. <end>  Jury is in; my wife hated it  This was to be one of a few Valentines presents. It's truly a tight choker and I doubt my wife will like it. It also has a smudge on the front observable surface that may come off with a cleaner. I'll wait and see if she likes it. I'll amend this if it works out. It's certainly easy to put on, but it seems too wide and not "long" enough to fit well around high neck sweater. The product description didn't say how long it is, and "choker" more adequately describes this than "necklace" as it is advertised. Roughly measuring it, it is about 15-16" with a 2" gap at the top.UPDATE  returned it b/c it was such an awkward fit and b/c she didn't like it enough to put up with something that fits poorly on her....and she has a thin neck. <end>  doesn'e lay flat and hurts my neck  I actually bought it form my mother in law, who has a bit of a thicker neck. It looked awful on her, so I decided to keep it and was not happy with it at all. <end>  Beautiful.  This a beautiful piece of jewelry. And perfect for pendents. And I received it quick. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>  Sterling Silver Collar Necklace by Sajen - Love the necklace  This necklace was all I expected and more. It is now my go to necklace. I can dress it up for business wear or dress it down for jeans and tee-shirt. Good quality. Love it!!!! <end>  elegant and solid  It's very simple and elegant, just something I have been looking for. There are some smears on the surface, but I guess those can be easily cleaned. It looks great by itself or with a pendant, very easy to put on or take off. <end>  Looks great  I have a collar from Lia Sophia that I love but I have sensitive skin and I can't wear it in the summer. This collar is a little wider than I imagined but it looks really good! <end>
 B000KBE1EA  18k White Gold Prong-Set Engagement Ring Setting with Sapphire Sidestones ||	  She loved it!  This review is for this setting, as well as the total Amazon create-your-own ring process.I proposed to my fiancee with this setting. It looks absolutely great, and she loves it. I knew I wanted an white gold 3 stone setting, with two round blue sapphire side stones and a round diamond center. Amazon offered by far the best price for a setting like this, and this one is 18k too.Amazon was not able to tell me if the sapphires were natural or lab created, so I must assume that they were lab created. However, this doesn't matter to us. They are a very deep blue, eye clean, and something like 3.5-4 mm wide based on my home tape measure. I wish these specifications would have been provided, but in the end it looks very beautiful.I didn't want to go crazy with a huge rock, but I knew cut was very important. I put a GIA certified 0.66 carat, excellent cut, SI2, I round brilliant in the ring. (Amazon sold this one for only $750, which was at least a few hundred cheaper than anywhere else for similar rocks!). On her size 4.5 finger, everything looks very well proportioned! I think an excellent cut, the smaller sapphires, and her small fingers make the diamond look bigger than it actually is.I was a little frustrated that the GIA certificate number is not posted on many diamonds such as this one. If it was, more complete information could be found on the GIA website. However, I wasn't too worried because of Amazon's 30 day return policy. Luckily the diamond was eye clean with my 20/20 vision at least. I then plugged the numbers into the Holloway cut adviser, and the diamond scored extremely well. This wasn't really necessary however, because it was obvious that the diamond sparkled brilliantly in all light conditions.The packaging materials were nice. The box is wood-looking on the outside, what seems like white leather on the inside, and doesn't feel cheap. If you don't want her to know where you bought it, the box, ring, and certificates have no Amazon markings. The care of your jewelry pamphlet, return information, and appraisal estimate do.One caveat - the setting is rather high, due to the bridge underneath the three stones. Make sure you are aware of this, in case such a high setting would bother her. Amazon offers different pictures of the ring, depending on if you have already picked a diamond or not. Here is a link to the setting with no diamond18k White Gold Prong-Set Engagement Ring Setting with Sapphire SidestonesIn the end, the whole package was fantastic, especially considering the price. Why get ripped off somewhere else? <end>
 B000KBE47Y  Sparkling Blue Topaz CZs By The Yard Anklet ||	  Well Made Delicate Beauty  The Sparkling Blue Topaz CZ Anklet is a lovely, well made piece of jewelry. It's much more vibrant and bright than the photo can depict. There are not many anklets that will accomodate a slightly larger ankle. This pretty anklet will compfortably fit up to a 10" ankle and the links appear to be well made, so I have no fear of them easily breaking with wear. It arrived with a lovely presentation box and storage bag. This made a very nice little gift! <end>
 B000KBNB5A  Stainless Steel Brushed Satin Spinner Style Classic Band ||	  nice wide band  I bought this ring for my husband as an alternative wedding band. He is hard on his rings, so I thought stainless steel would be indestructible. It fit him, but slightly snug. He wears a size 10. It is wide, sleek and looks like white gold. He seems to be happy with it. I can't believe the great prices on these nice rings. Thanks. <end>
 B000KCUB9I  Unique Skull and Crossbones Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  No back bar etching.  No etching on back crossbar, just regular smooth. Duller, matte finish than shown. Skulls look as depicted and the price is good. Like, but disappointed the details are not exactly as shown. <end>  Cufflinks  I got my cufflinks last week. They are great. I get a lot of comments at work on them. <end>
 B000KD4OGS  Earrings - 14kt Yellow Gold Cameo Post Earrings Small ||	  poor quality  So very disappointed! I was excited to see these earrings online as my mother had lost one that looked very similar. Sadly, my mother and I were disappointed with the quality of the posts and gold around the cameo. The posts were not only short but the posts were very thin and frail. One post broke off within two days and the other would bend with every attempt my mother made to insert it into her ear. I can not recommend these earrings. <end>
 B000KD8M70  Sardelli - 14k White Gold Cubic Zirconia Leverback Earrings ||	  Nice - lightweight but classic.  These earrings are a great value, however the setting is too small for the stone and is a bit distorted. For the price, a good value. I wanted sparkle but not gaudy and these are the right size. <end>
 B000KE3DR8  Tungsten Carbide 5 mm Faceted Dome Wedding Band Ring Pentagon Patterns, sizes 7 to 14 ||	  lovely ring, fantastic customer service  I ordered this ring as a replacement wedding band. My white gold wedding set was not made to be roughly worn, so I ordered this ring for daily wear. I ordered 1/2 size smaller than my usual ring size, but it was unfortunately too small. I emailed the seller and was able to return the ring for a different size. I highly recommend Sabrina Silver for their customer service, the speed of shipping (unbelievably fast) and the quality of their products.This ring is hefty and very sparkly. It truly does not scratch so it retains the sparkle. <end>  Its a good ring, seems high quality but..  I bought this ring as a wedding ring and from the online picture it looks like the top surface is matte. But its actualy mirror polish..so it looks like a disco ball on your hand. Not a bad thing I guess but its not what I was going for. Other then that, great product I suppose and they shipped quickly, just doesn't look like what I thought I was buying. <end>  glittery without the high price tag  I purchased this ring over the internet with the intention of using it in my upcoming wedding as my wedding ring. It's much shinier than the online picture demonstrates, very comfortable, and unique as far as wedding rings go. I'd recommend it to any bride who prefers tungsten to more expensive metals or takes issue with the ethics surrounding the gold mining industry. <end>
 B000KELFGE  Sterling Silver CZ Dragonfly Charm Bracelet ||	  Dragonfly Bracelet  This is absolutely stunning. Heavy, well made sterling silver charm on a thick chain bracelet that is not going to come off easily. The pave sparkles to beat the band out in the sunlight. I wear it often without fear of losing the charm. Great company and quick delivery. <end>  Delicate bracelet with dragonfly charm  This is a very nice bracelet and dragonfly charm. I was very pleasantly surprised how nice it looks. I have a very small (adult) wrist and this fits me far better than other bracelets that I have. It was well packaged and arrived on time. <end>
 B000KFKYEW  Studio Katia - Gwendolyn Dangling Belly Button Ring ||	  Really pretty and delicate  This belly ring was a nice size and looked very delicate and pretty. I liked the metal work around the blue bead and the and between the yellow beads. The one thing I didn't like so much was the small yellow beads. In the picture they look almost like an off white/clear color but in person it's more of an orangey yellow. Still, very pretty, great price, and quick shipping. <end>
 B000KFMS82  Spider - Crystalline Gem Belly Ring ||	  Spiders  I love this belly ring. The legs kinda stab the sides of your bellybutton and it hurts. But I got use to it. I've had this product for a really long time and just reclently the spider isn't holding it's threads. I supergluded it back in place and it works like new. <end>
 B000KFMTDQ  Silver Tone Baby Phat Black Accented Cat Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Belly ring  Cute belly button ring. There is a slight discoloration in the back now, but no biggie. The front looks good. <end>
 B000KFOWI6  Red Acrylic Cherry Logo Belly Button Ring ||	  cute!  Very cute! Shipped quickly. Looks just like the photo. Seems well made no complaints.  ) a good belly ring to wear around and nit have to worry about taking it out before bed. <end>  fast and just like they said  Shipping is super fast and the belly ring was just likt they explained it. I adore it!! I want to do business with them again! <end>
 B000KFOWN6  Reversible Green Single Gem Tribal No. 2 Belly Button Ring ||	  Beautiful detail  I bought this for my daughter, she loved the fact that it was reversable and was so delicate. <end>
 B000KFOWRM  Playboy Pink Dual Logo Drop Slave Doorknocker Belly Button Ring ||	  Door knocker Belly Ring  I am so happy with this belly ring. It's my favorite one. I had it for a long time and when mine broke I was happy to find it on amazon. It's brand new and it's perfect. <end>
 B000KFOWZ4  24kt Gold Plated Clear Cz Body Bubbles Dangle Belly Ring ||	  24 kt Gold Plated Clear CZ Body Bubbles Dangle Belly Ring  Adorable belly ring. Great quality. The CZs are beautiful and the length of the whole piece isn't too long so you can wear it with lowrise jeans no problem. I bought the "clear" but now I want the other colors it looks so good. <end>
 B000KFOX1C  24kt Gold Plated Tanzanite 6mm Round Cubic Zirconia Belly Ring ||	  I guess you get what you pay for...  This came quickly and was a great price. It's very pretty and sparkley when you first get it. However, the so-called gold plating came off almost immediately and it now looks silver. When that happens it turns your belly black around your piercing. However the belly ring still looks pretty and it was so cheap that, really, what can one expect? Maybe if you take it off before showering the gold might last longer. That seemed to be when most of it came off of mine. <end>  pretty belly ring  this thing is soooo sparkly and shiny!! It fits great was packaged very well and looks great against my fair skin! It doesn't itch or create any issues for my belly button! and the Gold looks good with the stone! <end>
 B000KFQLFI  Passion Pink Gem Explosion Belly Button Ring ||	  LOVE this!  Good quality navel jewelry, and it looks great on. I would buy it in different colors, if they were available. <end>  Really pretty, but fell out!!  This ring looks REALLYYYY pretty on, but one day I got home from dinner and it wasn't there! I had trouble with the top ball staying screwed in before, so I guess this time I just went too long without tightening it. So sad  ( but like I said, it's a really cute piece of jewelry! <end>
 B000KFQLSA  Black and White Moon and Star Logo Belly Button Ring ||	  Good  The problem i had with this belly button ring was that the bar is really long and it's hard to see the moon and star. <end>
 B000KFQM84  Top Mount Cubic Zirconia Tribal Sun Hinged Belly Ring ||	  Design flaw a major factor in rating  so, this tribal sun design is just beautiful. i really love it. i only wish i could wear the darn thing. it's hinged, which on the surface is a great idea. except the hinge isn't particularly sturdy so the weight of the sun pulls the ring down out of the umbilical area, making it appear and feel "wrong". so sad. i'm disappointed. <end>  Sick belly ring!  This belly ring is awesome looking on your body! shipped fast and well packaged, highly recommend!!! great website for body jewelry. <end>
 B000KFREFY  Top Mount Jeweled Pearl Perfection Belly Ring ||	  seems pretty...  It's pretty, but like most cheap jewelry, mine broke after the first few wears...go for quality. <end>
 B000KFURYY  Man in the Moon Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Unusual *RING*  I like unusual rings and the MAN IN THE MOON STERLING RING from Eve's Addiction is very nice.It's light-weight and the band is a lot thinner then I expected, but it's cool looking. The diameter through the moon face measures about 11/16" and the ring is stamped with "925" on the inside.The moon face ring isn't gaudy, but very subtle and it fits true to size. It comes packaged in a small cloth bag which is inside a cardboard box and is ready for gift wrapping. <end>
 B000KFWHFG  Powell Cherry Jewelry Armoire ||	  perfect  After searching for months I took a leap of faith ordering online. So happy I did. I love my Armoire. Warm, rich color. Easy to assemble with quality workmanship, it compares to the 500.00 dollar armoires I had looked at. My husband was suspicious of the price I quoted, thinking I was trying to pull a fast one. When he saw the invoice he smiled and said. "Nice find baby" my girlfriends? Jealous  ) Highly recommend this armoire if you're looking. <end>  Jewelry armoire  The armoire came very well packed and the instructions to assemble were quite easy - I only tried to put a couple of pieces on backwards and soon realized my error. All it took was a philips screwdriver and a lot of patience. Sight unseen, I am very happy with my selection. <end>  do NOT order this item from Home and Living  Do NOT order this item from Home and Living. The item they send is NOT the one in the picture. And if you do not like it, you will have to pay shipping for to get a refund, and then they will charge you for shipping the wrong item to you in the first place. The customer service on their end is completely ridiculous, and Amazon's A-to-Z guarantee is unresponsive and impersonal, and does not help you take care of any problems with this seller. <end>  Powell Cherry Jewelry Armoire Review  I was hesitant at first ordering a large jewelry armoire for my wife through the mail with only a picture to look at. After a long period of comparison shopping I chose the Powel Cherry Jewelrey Armoire for my wife. It arrived around the date estimated, but the outside box was damaged and that made me concerned. Upon opening the armoire box, I found the packaging inside of the box had protected my purchase. I then put it together which consisted of putting on the top piece and the four legs which was fairly simple to do.Upon completion, I was very impressed at the quality and appearance of the item and my wife was very pleased with my purchase for her. I was originally nervous about the purchase, but now I do not regret it at all. It is a very nice jewelry armoire with lots of storage capacity for my wife's jewelry. The only down side is now my wife wants to buy more jewelry which may be expensive. Overall, I was extremely satisfied with the product and I can say without doubt that this was a very positive experience. I can only hope that you the reader has the same experience as I did with the purchase of this product. <end>  A beautiful, useful furniture tool  I'm very glad that I didn't cancel the replacement order for this armoire (the first one arrived broken). This is a very pretty, useful jewelry chest, with only the mirror, top, and legs to be attached, and all my jewelry fits in it - neatly organized by the many partitions in the drawers. I cannot imagine how I got along without this jewelry armoire. I recomment it highly! <end>  Wrong item  The company sent the wrong item and then said it was discontinued. They did get me another case of my choosing that was worth slightly more. It took them over two weeks to pick up the wrong item they had shipped which was a little inconvenient. All in all they did handle the situation very friendly hence the 3 stars. <end>  Great Buy!  I love this armoire! I was tired of my jewelry being unorganized and overflowing so I was looking for a product with lots of storage space but relatively small since I have limited space in my bedroom. This armoire is compact enough to fit in my room, it was easy to put together, it has TONS of compartments, and best of all it allows me to keep my jewelry organized! I have a lot of jewelry, however I still have lots of room to add to my collection with this armoire. Shockingly I still have drawers that are completely empty! <end>  Arrived Broken  Packing was not damaged but when my Granddaughter opened it on Christmas it was broken. Her father was able to glue it together but since outside of packing was not damaged at all, it had to have been packed for shipping already broken. She is using it but top drawers do not open at all. VERY disappointed with this for the money!! <end>  Nice but a bit small  I should have measured my old armoire carefully prior to purchasing this. I had it all put together, and then realized that I wouldn't be able to accommodate everything that had been in the older piece of furniture. <end>  Gorgeous!  I brought this unit for my mother's birthday. It is absolutely gorgeous. The wood has a high gloss and looks like it should cost more than what it is priced for. I had the unit delivered to her job (she's a show-off); when she opened it she called me right away, thanking me over and over again (I could hear her co-workers in the background complimenting her). My mother is a jewelry-holic, so it was not big enough for all of her jewelry. However, she was able to fit her really nice and expensive stuff inside with room to spare (for more gifts). <end>  This is a quality product!  Excellent product and extremely practical in storing your sentimental belongings. It offers plenty of space for hanging necklaces and smaller area for you earrings and bracelets <end>  It exceeded my expectations  It was as beautiful as the picture. It had more than enough compartments. It's very sturdy and was easy to assemble. <end>
 B000KFY6U0  Powell Faux Burl Jewelry Armoire ||	  Beautiful!  I was looking for a jewelry armoire that was ornate and unusual to go with my antique French bedroom furniture. This was it! A beautiful piece of furniture. The armoire was packed really well and a snap to put together. As always, Amazon had the lowest price and free shipping. <end>  Elegant & gorgeous  This Jewelry Armoire was worth every penny. Amazon had the best price & free shipping. Highly recommend this to anyone who is seeking to add elegance & old world charm to their bedroom. <end>  Finally got my jewlry armoire!  Satisfied with my purchase, I feel it is very overpriced but I am happy I purchased a jewelry armoire. I've wanted one for a quite some time but was waiting until I found one that matched my furniture. This one does!Putting it together was simple, even for a girl! ;-) <end>
 B000KGASBU  Large Southwestern Style Indian Chief Headdress Ring with Turquoise & Coral Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver for Men, Size 11, #10535 ||	  WOW!!! and a POW WOW of a RING!!!  This is a fantastic looking ring and will cause a sensation when you wear it....Every American should wear this ring to honor our native Americans who have suffered greatly at the hands of our unjust government and theirbroken promises....Marlin Brando would have loved this ring and worn it proudly to show his support of all native Americans.... <end>  Worth the money!  I bought this ring at a local pow wow three years ago for $120 - but in a size 9. It has a good weight, very sturdy and wears well. I would buy another one in a heartbeat! <end>
 B000KGASTM  Sterling Silver Marcasite / Natural Garnet Heart Locket. ||	  Not what I expected  I got this locket as a gift for he holidays. When I got it I was shocked to say the least. First thing I noticed was the general look of the piece, which to be honest seemed off in comparison to the picture. The inside of the locket was the second thing. It was blank in the locket, just an ugly metallic look. Third thing that, in the end made me return the item, was clasp that held the door of the locket closed. To be blunt it didn't work. All in all I give the item a 2, only for the fact that it is technically a locket with pretty stones on it. <end>
 B000KGILR8  Men&apos;s .30 TCW Emerald-Shaped Genuine Onyx Cubic Zirconia Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Classic Ring ||	  wow  this ring showed up and I was estatic to give it to my husband. He has worn it numerous times and has received rave comments on how awesome that ring is.I highly recommend it. <end>  Beautiful, stylish and inexpensive. What's not to like?  I bought this ring two weeks ago. It's very appealing for such an inexpensive item. The quality and service were superb. The women in my office seem to find it very attractive, and guys, that's always a good thing right? I guess I'd better buy that Bimmer I've been eyeing, you know to go with the ring. Go on, buy one and you'll see what I mean. Rich <end>  masculine ring  bought two of these for both of my nephews. i think its a good product and quality for the price. treat it with some care.. as to not shower or wash hands continually in it. The fit was right and both of my nephews liked it. <end>
 B000KGIM6I  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Crystal Goldtone Metal Red Rose Drop Pendant and Chain 18&quot; ||	  You get what you pay for.  First one came with the crystal accent missing completely from the jewelry, nowhere to be found in the sealed plastic bag.Second one came with the red paint on the rose scratched so the gold underneath showed in several spots.I might just be unlucky, but it seems like quality control is too expensive for a 10 dollar piece of jewelry. <end>  Pendant should have a vertical ring to hold it  The Rose pendant looks good in appearance but there should be a vertical ring to hold it in position, without it the pendant doesn't get held in position and spoils the looks. The designer should have given more thought to it before designing the pendant and fitting it to the chain.I had similar bad experiences with design of other jewelery from same seller "Palm Beach Jewelery". They deliver it to you well on time and packing is good. Looks are also good but design is bad due to which you can't wear it and money spent goes waste. <end>  good looking product but...  I recently ordered this necklace for my girlfriend and it is really nice and she likes it a lot. The only downside is that it comes with no nice gift box to give it in just a little cardboard box and also the free gift that came with it was destroyed by the time it got to me. literally fell apart in my hands when I opened it. <end>
 B000KGIM8Q  Pearl Bracelet 7 1/4" ||	  pearl bracelect  product was bought for a pre-teen girl & decided not to give to her as it was so cheesey as well as the free gift that came with it. I got it on sale for $5.00 but had a retail price of like in the high 20's. looks like it would come out out of a candy machine. the saying you get what you paid for doesn't even apply here as $5.00 was way over priced. <end>
 B000KGKM70  Men&apos;s 2-Carat Round Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Two-Tone Ribbed Ring ||	  Looks real  Living in Southern Florida I've had guys say give me your ring I've had to tell them It's not a real Diamond the only Problem is I either ordered the wrong size or the ring is smaller then Listed <end>  Purchased as gift  My wife got this for me. She wanted to buy something expensive but we couldn't afford it. When I opened the box and saw this I couldn't believe my eyes. It looks way more expensive than what it really is. <end>  I love this ring!  This ring exceeded my expectations! Glad I ordered it. It's a gift and I'm sure they will love it! Great purchase. <end>  Kind of cheap ...  Oh, wait ... it is cheap !!!Not that bad looking, but if feels cheap ... <end>  wronge size  I have ordered alot of things and this was the first time my order was not right, I am sending it back. <end>  Nice ring for the price.  Nice ring, for the price. It is flashy, with a large 2-carat "stone" that is very sparkly and genuine looking. The band is two tone and upon close examination, the molded metal can easily be identified as not expensive. But unless someone is looking up real close, this ring looks like the "real" deal. I have also have a nice "real" women's wedding set that is close to this size stone, so when I wear this on my other hand, it balances out nicely. However, if I had just a plain wedding set, this would look fake, I think, since it is so much stone and too flashy as compared to a simple set on the other hand. It would wear well by itself, as a wedding ring or cocktail ring, men or women. It does have some vertical presence, so it might not be good as a pinky ring. But it's a nice ring for the price if you want something with some pizzaz. <end>  This ring is very attention grabbing!  This ring is a real conversation starter just about anywhere you might wear it! The CZ is huge and very sparkly, and the two tone ring accents the CZ perfectly. I love it and wear it frequently; and I get many compliments and questions from people that see it. I would also say that this ring could be worn by both men and women, based on your personal preferences. It's a steal at the price too! You'll love adding it to your collection if you have a jewelry wardrobe! It's very durable and fun to wear! So order one already and let me know if you enjoy it like I enjoy mine, ok? <end>  really nice  i got this ring because it looks verry expensive,and nobody knows the difference,so far no problems with this ring and it still looks new,after several months <end>  It's nice, but not exactly what I was expecting  The ring arrived on time and in excellent condition. There's nothing necessarily wrong with the ring. The only issue is that the CZ stone sits higher on the ring than the pictures really show. It would be better if one intends to wear the ring on the "ring finger," but if you intend to wear the ring on the pinkie finger, it really becomes obvious just how high off the band the stone sits. In my opinion, the height of the stone setting gives the ring a slightly more feminine look. It's a nice ring, but I'll be sending it back. <end>
 B000KGKMHK  PalmBeach Jewelry Porcelain Rose Goldtone Pendant ||	  Ugly  The pendent looks better in the picture. It is much larger and the gold color is brighter. The chain is short so it is close to the neck and with a such a large pendant it looks funny. <end>
 B000KGOWTE  PalmBeach Jewelry 2.50-Carat Round Genuine Topaz 10k Yellow Gold Solitaire Bridal Engagement Ring ||	  White Topaz Ring  Bought this ring last May 2011. It arrived quickly. I bought this ring to wear in place of my engagement ring when I go out, mainly to the doctors & the grocery store & shopping, which is about once every 2-3 months & I don't wear it every time just when I'm feeling "dressy". I may have worn this ring about 3-4 times. When I got the ring I noticed that 1 prong was a little thin where it bends over the stone (stone has a slight bluish color if not clean; but when clean it is white) & that the stone wasn't centered in the setting but the stone wasn't loose (it didn't turn in the setting). I've had to stop wearing the ring, which I loved wearing, b/c the stone is to loose in the mounting & I don't want to loose it. If you get the ring & notice any thing wrong contact Palm Beach then, even if you think it will be alright (ie  thin prong were it bends over the stone & the stone isn't center of the mounting) b/c a manufacturer's defect is a manufacturer's defect. I gave the ring a 3 star rating b/c the ring is a 3 star ring. It is a white topaz so it isn't going to sparkle like a CZ but it does have some shine. I did take a star off b/c the ring DOES NOT have a gold stamp in the ring (palm beach states that the ring is 10k). <end>
 B000KGZBPS  Snowshoe Siamese Silver and Enamel Earings by Zarah ||	  Cute  These earrings are cute. They almost look cheap, but seem to be well made. I haven't actually worn them yet, so I will update if anything changes. <end>  too cute  i bought these for my daughter ! i almost didn't want to let her have them as i thought they were just too cute!!!!i wanted them for myself. <end>
 B000KH1CN2  Amethyst Hummingbird Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  GORGEOUS  I bought these as a gift for my mother. She absolutely adores them! They are stunning in person. I can't imagine why I'm the first to review these! They deserve praise, they really do. They aren't flimsy, and her extremely sensitive ears take to them nicely without any sort of infection (like almost-all jewelry gives her). If I could afford it, I'D GET MYSELF A PAIR TOO.Fantastic. Would re-buy multiple times. <end>  100% happy  These earrings lightly dangle 2 beautifully crafted hummingbirds. They are delicate and not too heavy, but just right for me.The shipping was SUPERFAST. It was processed and shipped instantly and seemed to arrive almost like the very next day or the day after. I just had standard shipping, so I was 100% satisfied. <end>  Pretty, but they didn't hang very straight.  Very pretty, and a nice size too. But, they seemed to turn so that the color didn't show. the return process seemed complicated, so I kept them but do not wear them. <end>
 B000KH2RBI  18kt Gold Over Sterling Silver 3mm x 9mm Clutchless Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  Very classy looking  Unlike the previous reviewer, I have had no problems with breakage. I love these earrings and wear them daily. I have even slept in them, they are that comfortable. <end>  They broke!  I was disappointed because they broke! One of the posts broke away from the base and now I can't wear them. <end>
 B000KH2RH2  Rose Gold Over Sterling Silver Rose Quartz Teardrop Hoop Earring ||	  Ok  Overall they are cute. But A LOT smaller than anticipated. And the metal on one was a bit bent. <end>
 B000KHKJH2  Unakite Earrings ||	  Unakite  I have recently become interested in gem stones and Unakite and Sodalite are two favorites. The color in these earrings is perfect and shows through. I am very pleased with this purchase. The earrings are beautiful and the length is wonderful. <end>
 B000KHL2PA  SCER121 Sterling Silver Bewitch Butterfly Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Butterfly earrings  These are great earrings at a great price. I bought them for a friend's birthday and couldn't believe the way the color changed as they moved in the light. Very pretty! <end>  beautiful earrings  Ordered them for a Christmas gift and wanted to keep them. Very pretty with a lot of sparkle <end>  Beautiful Butterfly Earrings!  These earrings are GORGEOUS! The picture doesn't do them justice. The way they sparkle in the sun is breathtaking!!! <end>  Georgous earrings!  The picture does not do these earrings justice. I bought these and the matching pendant for my daughter. They reflect the light in so many colors--just beautiful!! The reflecting colors change depending on what color she is wearing. She can wear these with her Sunday best or with casual clothes. I was pleased with my purchase and she loved her gift!! I highly recommend these if you are considering a purchase. The company is great as well. I will order from them again. <end>  Not what expected  I expected a bit better quality than these earrings are. Although attractive, they are very yellow in color and the quality is lacking. <end>  our daughters love these earrings  before i purchased the earrings i read everyone's review. I have to agree with everyone. the earrings have a beautiful sparkle when the sun hits it. I bought the earrings for our youngest daughter and when she saw the sparkle in the car she was so excited. The sparkle got our oldest daughter's attention. she never wanted earrings and now has a pair of these beautiful butterflies and she does not mess with her earrings.Our daughters are 5 and 6 years old and they LOVE these earrings. <end>  love them  I received many compliments on these earrings. They are very comfortable to wear.I would certainly recommend them.Hoping to buy more <end>  My daughter loves these!!  My daughter is 6 and she loves these earrings. Leverback earrings are the only type she can wear without complications. The butterflies are adorable and she loves how they change colors and sparkle. <end>  So much sparkle!  These earrings are so cute and really very pretty. They really sparkle in the sun. They're not too big or too long, but large enough to be seen and noticed. They can be dressed up or dressed down. I got another pair similar to these because I liked them so much. If you want some bling, but not something over the top, these are for you. <end>  Granddaughter Loved Them  I bought these for my 9 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she loved them. She put them on immediately and wouldn't even take them off for bed. For adults who like dainty earrings, but not too "adult" for children who want to look grown-up like mommy. <end>  Wonderful earrings  Bought these earrings and matching childrens bracelet, extremely happy with the products. Brilliant colors, intense sparkle, wonderful craftmanship, an absolute great buy. Earrings are not big and heavy so they won't pull and sag your ear lobes. Another quality product from Gem Avenue!! <end>  butterfly earrings  My daughter absolutely loves these earrings. She put them on right awayafter she opened them on Christmas morning. <end>  cute  very cute and very inexpensive! got this for my friend for her birthday- she loved them. they look and feel a bit more on the plastic side rather than crystal but still cute all the same. <end>  Great value!  The earrings exceeded my expectations! Great quality at a great price. Gem Avenue makes fashion affordable. <end>  Perfect for Little Girl  I purchased these for my 2 granddaughters (ages 4 and 7) who wanted big earrings. I didn't want to invest in gold (for fear of loss) nor did I want to purchase hoops (for fear of injury). They both loved them! the price was just right; if they lose them it doesn't break my budget and they feel like big girls. <end>
 B000KHZ5NK  Circle of Life Diamond Pendant 14k White Gold Slide New ||	  Do NOT shop at gemaffair  My husband bought me a lovely ring from gemaffair for Christmas. It was the ring I always dreamed of. I got dressed for Christmas. When I arrived at my mother's house, one of the stones had fallen out. I did nothing unusual except get dressed.I returned the ring to gemaffair (at my own expense). They say that since I "damaged the ring" they would not accept the return, wanted over $50 for a repair (the ring cost $140) or they would return it to me, but I had to pay the 6.95 shipping. Do they think I intentionally broke the ring? I didn't feel any catching or pulling of any sort. Frankly if I had, I would have just taken it to my own jeweler for repair since I would have recognized that I broke the ring. I have dozens of rings, in many settings and styles. I have never broken a prong, nor have I ever been so dissatisfied with a vendor. DO NOT, DO NOT, DO NOT shop here. Their service stinks....and the merchandise quality is lousy. <end>  Great Company  I have bought several times at GemAffair and love them. Although I did not buy this particular item, the items I bought were great quality and received timely delivery and customer service. I bought Christmas presents, sent birthday presents and graduation presents through GemAffair and intend to keep on shopping with them. Oh, did I mention they had great prices too ! <end>
 B000KI13Q2  14K White Gold 3/8 ct. Diamond "Palm Tree" Pendant with Chain ||	  Cute palm tree  The seller had great turn around. Good product, cute necklace. Very happy with purchase. <end>  Beautiful Palm Tree Necklace  I had been looking for a necklace just like this for over one year. Imagine my surprise when I found it on Amazon. The dealer, Kartrina Jewelers, went above and beyond my expectations. Quick, courteous, excellent prices. They couldn't have been more helpful. Thanks to Katarina and Amazon, I'm now wearing my beautiful diamond palm tree necklace here in the South Carolina Lowcountry. <end>
 B000KIASQ8  Far Fetched Mr. Rogers Wide Leather Bracelet ||	  Mr. Rogers Bracelet  I Love This Bracelet!!! I wear it all of the time. Shipping was very, very fast. Arrived super quickly! I have bought from this seller before and I will definitely buy from them again! <end>
 B000KIQ0BU  Animals in Red Heart Italian Charm 18k Gold and Glitter Enamel Love Theme by Casa D'Oro ||	  Animals are the best  This little charm is so amazing and detailed so well. I bought it for my bracelet link cause it needed more charms and I absolutely love it! It's a great and amazing asset to my bracelet link!! <end>
 B000KJKFDS  14kt Gold 4mm Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings ||	  Poor quality, but looks nice until they break.  I prefer to purchse the smallest CZs because they tend to look more realistic than larger stones. I ordered 2 pair, because i tend to lose earrings, which is why I don't buy "the real thing". The settings are really flimsy. The CZ was not well attached in the setting. Of the four earrings received, one CZ had already fallen out before delivery, and one was at an angle. I reset them using tweezers and a magnifying glass.Basically, with this product you get what you pay for. I would recommend going up a notch in price and getting a more solid setting rather than the 4-prong setting in very thin gold that these earrings come with. It gets two stars, because even for a somewhat low price, you are not quite getting what you pay for. They should at least hold together. <end>
 B000KK430S  Elegant Antique Inspired CZ Wedding Set ||	  Not worth the money!  The ring came misshapen, the color rubbed off to reveal an ugly orange color beneath. It turned my finger green. The two rings didn't really fit together well either. <end>  good replica  Good duplicate of my actual wedding set. Makes international travel a little more comforting. <end>
 B000KKKJPG  Chinese Fortune Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bracelet!  I bought this bracelet as a gift and when I opened the box to take a look at it, I loved it so much (like the previous reviewer!). I am definitely going to purchase another one for myself in the near future! It has the perfect weight - not too heavy, not too light. The size of the chain is perfect, and the details on the charms really are amazing. <end>  Happy Surprise  I brought this bracelet as a gift, however, I was so excited upon opening the box I'm keeping it for myself. It is very lovely for the price you will be very surprised at the detail and quality of the item. <end>  Beautiful  This bracelet is just as depicted in the photo and description. I love it and many compliment me on it. <end>
 B000KKMG70  Sterling Silver Fishbone Pendant ||	  Cute...?  The charm itself is cute, but small. But I expected it to be smaller (Description says 1 inch, keep in mind this includes the bail when it comes to this necklace). The bail on it however is kinda big, and unfortunately, it was not done correctly, because it is gapped at the point where it meets the fish like they didnt finish it. For the price of it, the chain should have been alot better, since the charm was so tiny. I ordered the 18 inch chain, and was sent the 16 inch chain. It was thin and extremely cheap. Would probably break quickly. Therefore, it is packaged right back up and will be returned. <end>
 B000KKXHPU  Silver Moon & Star Belly Button Ring Twisty ||	  Dangle belly ring  A very Beautiful belly button ring, looks exactly as in the photo. The arrival time of the package was quicker than expected. <end>  gift  This was a gift for a lady friend - she is happy with the present, although it was second to another purchased at the same time <end>
 B000KL7PF2  Sterling Silver Princess Cut Pink Cubic Zirconia Womens Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8,9 ||	  Sizing  I Like the ring but the sizing is all wrong. I ordered a size 5 which is what size i always have been. But this ring was at least a size 4, and i know my fingers didn't get fat because my wedding ring is a size 5. I would recommend this but i would say to order a size bigger. <end>  Wonderful Customer Service  The ring is cute~! It took 14 days to get to me ~ a total Post Office's issue ~ yet Gem Avenue sent out a replacement and it got here before the first one did~! <end>  great deal  My daughter fell in love with this ring and just had to have it! It fulfilled all of her expectations. Very pretty ring for a super price! Thanks! <end>  Love it!  The ring is beautiful; seems to be excellent quality, and came within the week, beautifully presented in a gift box. I would recommend this seller to anyone looking for a great bargain! <end>  I love this ring  I bought this ring just because caught my eye, and I'm so glad i did, its the perfect size stone for someone who doesn't have very big fingers it doesn't make your hand look funny and you can definitely see the stone from a distance, its just perfect id recommend it to everyone! <end>  pretty and pink!  Pretty and pink! love this ring so very much! my honey got it for me and its beatiful! i love everything pink <end>  adorable ring  it is just so cute - I love it. I like dainty rings and this one is perfect for me. I will order another in a different color. Size was perfect. I like the band the way it tapers toward the stone. arrived as scheduled in an adorable little boutique box that would be perfect if for gift giving! <end>  size issue  My main issue is the size of the ring and width of the band. It runs small, and since the band is thick it makes it difficult to bend my finger. I don't wear it often because it's rather uncomfortable. I would not have bought it, if I could have tried it on first. <end>  Below Already Low Expectations....  Being that it is only a twelve dollar ring, I wasn't expecting too much. However, the reviews and picture lead me to believe it would have a good color and cut to it. There's no sparkle to the stone in this ring at all. It just looks like a block of pink sitting on a thinner-than-pictured band. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone else....Perhaps they've changed their rings since the last review of 09. <end>  Terrific Service and Product  We received the shipment in a speedy manner. It came packaged very well and inside the package the ring was placed in an extremely cute ring box. I know our daughter will love it this Christmas. Thanks  -) <end>  Nice Little Gift  I gave this ring to my sister and she seems to like it. My sister says that CZ jewelry looks good and can be worn in the workplace without the fear of losing a valuable gem. <end>
 B000KM0CE2  SilverBin Sterling Silver Stacked Style Diamond Shape Pink CZ Ring ||	  Pretty Ring  What else can you say. It's a pretty ring, and it was inexpensive. The ring looked just like the one in the photo. Silverbin ships quickly and is OK in my book. <end>
 B000KM0X50  10K Angel Charm w/CZ ||	  Great, includes a chain.  This piece of jewelry is great. It is exactly as the description says however it includes a small chain. Perfect gift for a loved one. =) <end>
 B000KM0XFU  Sterling Silver 3-Row Beaded Necklace - 17" ||	  Might not exist  Looks like a wonderful product, but after multiple positive order and shipment confirmations, I got a much belated "out of stock" and "discontinued by the manufacturer" messages. Yet it is still listed as "in stock" on Amazon. If I didn't get the earrings, which I shouldn't have purchased from the same company, ordered at the same time as the neckace, I would have guessed I'd been had. A week after I'm told it isn't available, this item remains "in stock" on the Amazon website. Netaya must have genetically flawed monkeys as inventory managers. Too bad, I like monkeys. <end>
 B000KM0YOK  Sterling Silver Round Snake Chain W/Flower ||	  nice bracelet  I think my cousin really liked her christmas present. It looked great on her! <end>
 B000KM2826  Sterling Silver Wrap Around Bead Bali Style Hoop Earrings ||	  Great Earring  I enjoy the feel and the look of this earring. If you're interested in simplicity and a very effective closing mechanism, then this is the earring for you too. <end>
 B000KM30VY  14kt Gold Link Bracelet with Guardian Angel Charm - 7" ||	  Very nice but!!  My sister loved it, this was a birthday gift and all though I checked off as gift and it was giftwrapped they sent the invoice with the price I paid for it. So that was not good. All in all she loved it. <end>  Netaya cancels orders after charging my credit card?  I placed a lot of orders with Netaya during their recent sale. After not receiving any notification that my items had shipped I called them up to find out why. Netaya decided to cancel my orders because they had second thoughts about their sale. And they charged my card! Now I have to wait and see if they will give me my money back. What reputable company behaves in this manner? <end>  Beautiful  I purchased this for my sister's graduation. it was beautiful and she loved it. It was perfect for the occassion. <end>
 B000KM31V8  14K Yellow Gold Oval Agate Cameo Horse Pendant - 3/4" x 1/2" ||	  Great Experience & Beautiful Pendant  This beautiful horse pendant was my first Christmas Gift to my newly Sister-in-Law. I was in such a panic to get it by Christmas because I am one of those people that waits until the very last minute to go shopping on the holidays. Thankfully, the people at Netaya and Amazon.com were very helpful in making my wonderful gift to her possible. The pendant was BEAUTIFULL and she was very pleased. Thank you so much!! <end>
 B000KM4BA8  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Filigree Hoop Clip Earrings ||	  Loose loops  ok. But lever backs that hold earrings on are a bit loose but don't fall off. <end>
 B000KM5436  14K Yellow Gold Diamond Accented Butterfly Charm Bracelet - 7" ||	  Deception  The Bracelet was designed for a child, my wife could not snap it shut and she has a very small wrist. We sent it back. <end>  Very pretty  The bracelet came with a certificate and was in a velvet gift box. Very light, and the butterfly charm has diamonds in it. An affordable gift for someone who loves butterflies. <end>  short on charm  The bracelet is nice but to short. It needs more length so that is can be shortened if need be but long enough to fit a larger wrist size. I was very disappointed in its length. The butterfly charm itself is nice and its overall appearance of both bracelet and charm is very good. The advertisment is for 7" bracelet so larger wrist sizes beware. You can get extenders for the bracelet but they do take away from the appearance. <end>  Very pretty  The bracelet looks just like the picture. We added some personal charms and are pleased with it. <end>  Nice but flawed  This was a Christmas present for my wife, she was very happy except for the missing stone. After she opened it and saw the stone was missing she put it away untill I can get it replaced. Still I am happy with the deal for the most part. <end>  A MUST HAVE  A BIT TOO SHORT BUT IT DOES FIT.IT'S A VERY BEAUTIFUL AND GOOD QUALITY BRACELET.WORTH THE PRICE. MAKES A GREAT BIRTHDAY GIFT I'M VERY HAPPY WITH IT. <end>  KEEP SAKE  WHEN I SEEN THIS CHARM BRACELET I KNEW EXACTLY WHAT IT WAS....SO I PURCHASED IT, GOT HERE FAST, OPEN THE BOX AND TO MY AMAZEMENT IT WAS IT, WHAT I HAVE SEEN AND REALLY WANTED TO OWN ONE, NOT THE CHARM, NOT THE BRAND, BUT THE BRACELET ITSELF, IT IS A WELL MADE DOUBLE 14KT GOLD BEACELET, WHEN I LOOK AT IT I SEE SOMETHING THAT IS NEATLY MADE, CLEAN AND CRISP LINES, PERFECT LOOPS AND JUST OVER ALL A CLEAN MADE BRACELET, WHAT I MEAN AS TO CLEAN AND NEAT IS YOU DONT SEE ALL THE GOLD WITH PITS AND HOLES IN IT, NO SHARP EDGES AND DEFFENTLY NOTHING FALLING APART LIKE MOST DRACELETS THAT SELL FOR A FEW BUCKS, THIS IS A WELL DESIGNED ITEM AND I CAN SAY I AM PROUD TO OWN IT <end>
 B000KM54VS  10kt Gold Guardian Angel Diamond Accented Oval Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Moms surprise gift  This product is very detailed,even though this is not a big product it has alot of glamour and charm to it. <end>
 B000KM55LC  Sterling Silver 7" Six Row Bombei Bismark Bracelet ||	  Waste of Money  I bought this for my mother for Mother's Day. Shipping was fast but bracelet was cheap with plastic like clasp!! PLASTIC! I was embarassed to say the least. I don't think pictures match real products. Hopefully we will be able to get our money back. <end>  So beautiful  I would like to buy this bracelet because it is so beautiful and charming. But I prefer wait a little, maybe I could get a better price because it is not ON SALE, it is cheap but not ON SALE. Sincerely, I love Netaya items, I have bought some and they are lovely, but what I like most is when have ON SALE and free shipping. =) <end>  sister likes it  I got this for my sister for her birthday. I haven't seem it in person but she tells me that she likes it and it looks nice and somewhat like asian style jewelry. She's worn it out to dinner on occasion. <end>
 B000KM6ESU  Sterling Silver Fresh Water Pearl Long Wire Earring ||	  Very Beautiful  I bought these for my mom she loved them! The only thing is that I thought they would be a bit champagne colored, but they are actually pretty true white, but gorgeous none-the-less. <end>
 B000KM786M  14K Yellow Gold Oval Agate Cameo Cat Pendant - 3/4" x 1/2" ||	  Excellent Quality  Bought this for my mother in law for Christmas last year, the quality was fabulous. Very happy with my purchase, came quickly and was boxed nicely. Will check Netaya again for future purchases! <end>  Beautiful  I have wanted this forever, the price was right, received very quickly, love it.The packaging was really cute. It came in a cupcake trinket box....nice touch! <end>
 B000KM78GC  14K Yellow Gold Heart shape Angel Agate Cameopendant - 3/4" x 3/4" ||	  Cameo  I bought this for my wife, and she really loves it. It was even more beautiful than the picture gave it credit for. She wears it all the time. Thanks for the great service Netaya! <end>
 B000KN4WBK  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold Gold and Sterling Silver Slider Pendant  Clothing ||	  Absolutely beautiful  Very nice necklace. Will look georgeous against a dark turtleneck or sweater for the fall. <end>  2 thumbs up  I bought it as a gift for my mom and she loves it. The necklace is beautiful. It past 1 year and it still looks perfect. <end>
 B000KPINFY  Rembrandt Charms 7-8" Charm Bracelet ||	  Love it  Love it cant wait to show it off. Very easy transaction they made it very easy. It arrived early and packaged perfectly. Thanks. <end>
 B000KPKTFG  Rembrandt Charms 7-8" Charm Bracelet ||	  Value for the $$$  This is a perfect size for many charms. We gave it to a 13 year-old for a gift and she loved it. We can add specific charms for upcoming events and birthdays - saves trying to figure out what to get her! <end>
 B000KPN2B4  Sterling Silver Graduated Filigree H Earrings ||	  Pretty, not too big.  Very pretty earrings.They aren't too big and hang well.My only complaint is that it was hard to initally unclasp them. I had to kind of pry them open a bit and was afraid of hurting them.Still, great for the price. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I REALLY ENJOY THESE EARRINGS AND WEAR THEM EVERYWHERE. I WILL DEFINATELY BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN AND AGAIN. THANK YOU FOR A LOVELY PRODUCT. <end>  Great Silver Filigree earrings  Very nice sterling filigree hoop earrings at a very affordable price. Outstanding service & fast delivery. Highly recommended for quality & satisfaction. <end>
 B000KPN38G  Sterling Silver Small Corrugated Center Hoop Earring ||	  Ear rings  The Earings are really nice and was worth the cost of them. I received them fast and on time. I love shopping at Amazon.com. <end>  Very pretty small hoops  Great buy for the price. I'd give it 5 stars except am not thrilled with the endless loop closure. The design is unique and they look great on. <end>
 B000KPPGJ0  Sterling Silver Small Rope Hoop Earrings ||	  Sterling silver earrings - just what I wanted  I had never ordered from this jeweler before and was thrilled to get exactly what I wanted, good quality, and earrings that I love and wear a lot. I recommend this vendor. <end>
 B000KPPHJE  Sterling Silver Round Byzantine Bracelet 7" ||	  Beautiful Byzantine  I love this bracelet, it matches a byzantine necklace that I had purchased previously on Amazon some years ago, it is sturdy and I have to take it off sense receiving it. It was sent in a timely manner and the service was great. <end>
 B000KPQP9A  Sterling Silver Vintage Filigree Flower Pendant ||	  Very soft and feminine  This is a very cute and feminine necklace. I get a lot of compliments and it can be worn as an everyday necklace whether you are dressed up or not. I love this necklace. Very good quality as well. Real silver, doesn't turn colors. <end>
 B000KPRKAI  Sterling Silver Dangling Garnet Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings for the price  These earrings are truly beautiful for the price...so much better than I expected them to be! <end>  Garnet Earrings  Earrings were prettier in person than in the picture. Quick shipping. Very impressive. <end>  Lovely Earrings  Received these off of my wishlist for my birthday in January. They were even nicer than they look in the picture. The person who bought them for me was skeptical because she couldn't actually see them. I told her she did good! I wear them almost every day!! <end>  Red is the Color for me  These earrings are exactly as shown. My only regret was that the stones were not of a redder hue. These stones were brown even when held to the light. <end>  Framed Garnet Earrings  The silver frames on the garnet stones set them off beautifully. My wife loves them. <end>
 B000KRK4NQ  Peacock Freshwater Pearl Bud Cluster Necklace ||	  Necklace is very nice  It's true  The necklace was better than expected! The details were much nicer than you could tell from the photos, and it was packaged very nicely.Anything from Erica Zap makes a really great gift. A real artistic piece, not a department-store looking item. Also, it seems that the things she lists on Amazon are actually priced a little bit lower than on her professional site. But I will definitely be ordering more jewelry from her. <end>
 B000KRQ836  Fun Abalone Belly Button Ring ||	  Fun!  I love this belly ring, it is different from all of my other styles. The chains are light weight and it doesn't pull down as much as other dangle styles. The chains hang 4.75cm below the bottom ball and the charms range in size from 7mm to 9mm. This is one of my favorites! <end>
 B000KSFIZ4  Sterling Silver Black Leather 14" Cord Chain Necklace ||	  A great little necklace  This is a sweet, nicely made necklace for a pre-teen. Fits like a choker, the silver is very pretty and the price is perfect for a fun gift - especially for a nine-year old who has an idea of fashion but who loses posessions as well. <end>  Change look of old jewlery  Make old jewlery come to new life by changing how worn. Very strong cord and very safe to wear even very expensive pendants on. i tell my friends AMAZOM!!!!! <end>
 B000KU31RO  14K OVAL BLACK ONYX EARRINGS 8X6MM ||	  Post will break off.  When I received these earrings, the post was bent. I straightened it, but if felt flimsy, like it was going to break. As you can see in the picture, the post connection is very thin and delicate. I should have send them back, but I kept them and hoped for the best. About the third time I wore them, the post bent again when I was putting the back on. That's how flimsy it is. I attempted to straighten it again, and SNAP, it broke off. These are nice looking if you want yellow gold and onyx, which I did, but don't expect them to last long. <end>
 B000KU7M56  EXP Hand-carved Teak Wood Jewelry / Gift Box With Mounted Red Rose (Thailand) ||	  Beautiful Jewelry Box  I purchased about five of these jewelry boxes to give to my bridesmaids before my wedding. They're absolutely beautiful! Each one is hand carved and unique...perfect for what I was looking for. They also shipped very fast. Five stars!!! <end>
 B000KUAYEC  Sterling Silver 8 Rows Solid Bismarck Necklace 18" ||	  Sterling Silver 8 Row Necklace  Item looks wonderful...but does not lay flat on the neck. Had a couple of kinks..I am returning the product. <end>  Love it  a very nice classic necklace. Mine was ok w/ out any problems, kinks, and lays fine on my neck.clasp is a LITTLE hard to get open but other than that i love it. <end>  All I expected  This is exactly what I expected and i was not disapointed. It is a lovely piece and arrived in a timely manner. <end>
 B000KUMCK6  EXP Hand-carved Teak Wood Jewelry / Gift Box With Mounted Yellow Rose (Thailand) ||	  Beautiful Jewelry Box  I purchased about five of these jewelry boxes to give to my bridesmaids before my wedding. They're absolutely beautiful! Each one is hand carved and unique...perfect for what I was looking for. They also shipped very fast. Five stars!!! <end>
 B000KV5UZO  Sterling Silver Oval Abalone and Crystal adjustable Bracelet 7 to 8 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  beautiful bracelet  I bought this for my fourteen year old daughter for Christmas. Both she and I were very happy with the bracelet--it is very pretty and the workmanship also seems good. <end>  Swarovski Crystal Bracelet  It doesn't look exactly like in picture but people keep telling me that is a beautiful bracelet which pleases me.The big stones are not cut exactly like in this picture. but it still looks ok. <end>  Beautiful Abalone Bracelet  Quality is so good, and I'm so proud to wear this item. Have looked for a long time for an affordable abalone bracelet and this fit the bill. <end>
 B000KVIHAY  High Polish Square Basket Bullet Style Backs Silver-Tone Cufflinks ||	  Looked nice but broke  They are sharp looking cuff links, but the post broke off on the third use. <end>
 B000KVJMUS  3D Car Automobile Cufflinks Silver-Tone Cuff Links Included Gift Box ||	  Car Cufflinks  I gave these cufflinks to my husband for Christmas, he loves them! They are well made, came quickly and in a gift box for the holidays. Very fun gift. <end>
 B000KW08HS  Sterling Silver 1.2mm Shotbead Chain Necklace 24in ||	  returned it  This looked more like something you'd hang an ID badge on for work than a piece of jewelery. Mine got returned. <end>
 B000KW1J3U  Sterling Silver Love Link Chain Necklace 20in ||	  beautiful  This chain manages to be bold and noticeable without being gaudy. It is delicate and light with just the right amount of bling bling. <end>
 B000KWHBMS  Ladies Spinner Ring in Sterling Silver Solid Braid Band ||	  Excellent service and product...  I purchased 3 rings from GEMaffair and my order was delivered very quickly and the products were packed very secure and in perfect condition. They contacted me several times to let me know the status of my order. I would highly recommend this company if you are interested in unique silver rings and other jewelry. <end>
 B000KYFL14  14K Nose Stud w/ 1pt DIAMOND ES-1969 ||	  Cute!  I bought this stud to wear in my cartilage piercing of my ear. It looks so cute and I can lay on my ear and it does not hurt. I was very pleased with how well this stud works for that purpose. It fits snug and I don't think there is any danger of it coming out. I got the idea from someone who has worn a nose stud like this for years.LS in Virginia <end>
 B000KZEF2Y  Pugster Blue Heart Murano Glass Pendant Gift Necklace Fashion Jewelry ||	  my heart  This is a BEAUTIFUL necklace. It's much larger than what you think too! Absolutely gorgeous. The picture doesn't give it credit. <end>
 B000L0Z6IU  Linear Spiral Shaped Wire and Ball Drops Sterling Silver Wire Hook Earrings ||	  not as advertised  the earrings were not same size--one end of the left one was longer than the right one. they also were unevenly twisted. the wire is so soft that I could shape the earrings myself just with my fingers. The balls at the end look much smaller compared to the spiral wire piece. Bottom line, no matter how I put them, they stick out to different sides. I definitely think that I overpaid big time for them. If I were to see them in the shop I would have passed on them. <end>  Good idea in concept, bad in execution  I ordered these along with "Curley Cue Twisted Spiral Sterling Silver Hook Earrings" from Silver Insanity. I am not sure if they are the ones who manufacture these or if they buy them from somewhere else for resale, but they are VERY flimsy and were not symmetrical at all. When I started to bend them to symmetry, it was evident that any new bend was going to be irreversible and permanently kink the metal. I thought they looked very cool with a hint of sci-fi, but they looked awkward when I tried them on. It reminded me of misshapen paperclips with a silver BB glued at the end. I ended up returning them. They are an interesting pair of earrings, but be prepared to get exactly what you see in the picture -- they don't line up. That's only noticeable as the wearer; other people who see you wearing them will most compliment them. There were no problems at all in getting my refund. <end>  Ear Threads  daughter really loved them, but when they came in contact with a hair product, they turned color which tells lme that are not real sterling silver. <end>  Pretty, but a little off  These are very pretty and worth the price, but one was significantly longer than the other--more wire and an uneven attempt at shaping, so one was longer than the other when worn. I rebent the longer one and was fairly successful--the wire is sturdy enough that the original bend spot still shows, but it's behind the ear. They're also larger than I thought they would be, but they seem to be overall well made and attractive. <end>  Classy  These are great! They go with any style of clothing from business to casual effortlessly. I get so many compliments, I love 'em. <end>  love em  I bought these on a whim because I use this seller all the time and I trust their products I got them today an I love them they work real well with my oval face and long neck. I am a jeans and tee type of gal so these are perfect but I can definitely wear them to work with a suit!!! <end>  Unique!  These earrings are great! You won't find anything like them in the retail stores. VERY comfortable and a great price! I bought several items from Silver Insanity, and they all arrived promptly. Everything was high quality and very reasonably priced. <end>  Just what I wanted!  I love these earrings. A previous reviewer noted that they push off easily and may be easy to lose. I just use some of the rubber stoppers on the back and have had no problem I always get lots of compliments on these when I wear them. <end>  unusual but too long!  thought these were very unusual so i bought them .when they came i was surprised at how long they were. i kept them because i do like different things, but would have been nice to know how long they were. <end>
 B000L491C8  Sterling Silver 8mm Round Clear CZ Clip Earrings ||	  Beautiful  I bought these for my mother in law who does not have pierced ears. This is the first time I have seen clip on earrings anywhere. I was skeptical buying jewelry online without seeing it first. However, they were perfect, the quality was very good and the earrings were shimmering bright, new, package with a nice velvet bag, wrapped in tissue and protected in a zip lock bag to prevent tarnishing.Very nice earrings and reasonably priced too, thank you! <end>  They Look Great Even For Guys!  I wore these to dinner the first night I got them, they look great! My ears were a little tender after wearing them, but I'm sure its because they need to clip tight so they don't fall off. Great even for guys! <end>  looked real  got these for my sister, she can only wear clip-ons, its hard to find clip-ons, but to find clip-on stud earrings was great <end>  sparkle  lovely, understated pizazz.They are beautiful and comfortable.Wonderful for anywith with or without pierced ears.Anyone should be pleased with this purchase. <end>  Beautiful, but...  These earrings were beautiful! They sparkled and were gorgeous! The only problem was that they hurt when put on. I mean HURT. I had purchased these for my 6 yr. old to wear for her dance competitions, but she couldn't even wear them for 5 seconds without screaming in pain. I thought she was being the drama queen she normally is until I put them on. They really DID hurt! I'm 35 and I couldn't handle wearing them for longer than 3 minutes. I returned them and was given a refund promptly. They people were great to work with and I had no problems what so ever. I would totally consider buying from this company again. <end>
 B000L4GUXG  Silver Blue Crystal Cross Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  ahmed from dubai  nice cufflinks , the production also is good such as the material so i rate them with 5 stars and the value rate is affordable too <end>  Excellent..!!!  Excellent product.. They are the finest cufflinks that i have ever seen.Their Crystals are very shiny and ellegant.!! <end>
 B000L4KLP4  Speedometer & Fuel Gauge Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Speedometer and Fuel gauge cufflinks  My son loved these cufflinks, which were a Christmas present. They look shiny in the picture on the Amazon site but the faces are not shiny. I thought the gauges would move too, but they are fixed. Overall worth the money though. Purchased from Amazon. <end>  cuff links  Thought the needles would move, but they were painted on (under the glass; still a fun novelty for the price. <end>  Picture is deceiving  I bought these cuff links for Christmas for my boyfriend who is a huge car fanatic based off of all the positive reviews for the product. I guess maybe I was expecting what some of the other reviewers were - shiny face and a gauge needle that moved; instead, what you get are two cheap cuff links with what looks like a sticker of a speedometer and fuel gauge stuck in the center of the glass. I was really disappointed when I opened the box - they were packaged really nice! The quality of the product just was not there in my opinion; however, I guess you get what you pay for and these are discounted for a reason. I think for a younger male these would make a nice gift, but for a more professional person these just look cheap. <end>  cool cuff links  These cufflinks are great quality. They give that exec type of look, but not snobby. It's nice to get that compliment of "..those are cool.." while sitting with associates. Of course, they're great for car enthusiasts and spectators, like me. <end>  Unique  Very cool for any car guy...Purchased these for a Father's Day present. Can't wait for him to open!! Nice quality. <end>
 B000L4LA6S  Sunglass Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Very cute  They look just as they appear in the pic.Can't wait to give to the person I bought them for.I would recommend. <end>
 B000L4U596  Turtle Trinket Box ||	  beautiful  This looked even more beautiful when it arrived than it did in the pictures. I was thrilled with it. <end>
 B000L4VEZ0  14k Yellow 7 mm Round Created Coral-Orange Crystal Pearl Necklace - Choice 18-inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Lovely necklace  It is just different. The color of the corals is naturally, just as they have to be. The length is well - not too tight and not too far, so you can wear it to every kind of neckline. I already made a stir with it. <end>
 B000L4VJGE  14k Yellow 7 mm Round Dark-Red Coral Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Coral Earrings  Very disappointed. Coral came off the post and was lost. Waist of money <end>
 B000L4XCC8  14k Yellow 2mm Polished Ball Post Stud Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  14k Yellow 2 mm yellow stud earrings  After spending hours looking for tiny stud earrings for my tragus piercing, and paying over $200 to lengthen the posts of one diamond and one side of a Tiffany earring (not to mention the cost of the earrings), I finally found these children's earrings at Amazon.com. The online order went through without a hitch, the shipping was handled promptly, and I was so very, very happy with my earrings that I ordered additional pairs. The posts and backs are sufficiently large so that the earrings are easy to put on, but tiny enough that they are hardly noticeable; the unconventional piercing (through the "flap" of cartilage at the opening of the ear canal) made my purchases of these very tiny stud earring a God-send. <end>  Great for multiple piercings  While these earrings are called 'childrens', I bought them for myself as fillers for my upper ear piercings. These work perfectly for when I want to wear a main pair of gold-toned earrings in my bottom holes. They're very small, but still look like ball earrings (unlike like some of those nose studs that almost seem invisible). And they have very sturdy posts backings. I also bought a couple pair in 14k white gold, to go with silver-toned main earrings. <end>  Happy with the 14k yellow gold 2mm ball studs.  There isn't very much I can say about this product, except a few positive things. The packaging was good, and the package arrived on time. The contents were what they were supposed to be. The clasps are similar to the clasps of most similar products; I would prefer something sturdier, so that there would be no risk of the studs' falling off at night. Nevertheless, for the price, these are fine gold studs. <end>  Tiny, but ...  These are definitely child-sized, but I bought them in yellow and white to wear in my second piercing with other earrings and they work beautifully. <end>  I give these 5 stars, I love them!!  I love these little earrings. They are perfect for the second piercing in my ears. I would totally recommend them. <end>  Tiny earrings for child  I really liked this earrings I bought them for my baby thinking they were screw back earrings... I was going to return them, but figured I'll give them a try. They have stayed on my baby's ears just fine since the back kind of snaps on place. <end>  Poorly made  I bought the 2mm size and had to send them right back as the ball came off when I tried to remove the back to try them on. Very disappointing. <end>  Not 2 mmm  I have several pairs of 2 mm earrings, and these are not 2 mm. They are so tiny I assume they must be 1.5 or even 1. I will probably never wear mine.Way over-priced for what they are. <end>  Like them but first pair failed  I bought these to go into my second set of holes. The first set I received had a problem--one ball pulled off the stud the first time I went to take it off. But, I returned those, ordered a second set and it has been in my ears continuously for several weeks with no problems (I have removed them once or twice). <end>  teeny tiny but cute  I got these earrings for myself and they fit fine in the third hole in my ear. These earrings are super tiny and they look smaller than they do in the picture so go by the 2mm measurement for a size reference! They don't fit in my second hole which I gaged (to a size 4) a year ago and have since then closed up - by not fitting I mean I could pull them through the hole. <end>  Read carfully  I am not unhappy with purchase. They are 2mm gold ball earings. but make sure you read and understand measurement carefully. 2mm is very small. ( this is what I did LOL ) An infant could wear them. They have stayed gold never pealed or tarnished. <end>  Cute Earrings  These are cute little earrings that I purchased to have something small and low key in to keep my piercings open without major bling. They are very cute, but are sized more for children. The size of the ball is fine, very small as clearly stated in the description. The post is shorter than big people earrings, so with the clasp clipped on at the "grab" line, they were too snug for my fat ol' earlobes. I gave them to my 11 year old daugher and she loves them. They would be perfect for adult ear piercings higher up on the earlobe where there is less ear meat. I was a little concerned when the package arrived--the small box was wrapped up in what was supposed to be a CD mailer. The box was just barely perched inside the intended flat mailer and could have easily slipped out with rough handling. 5 star earrings with a star removed for scary packaging. <end>
 B000L4XEYO  14k Yellow 2 mm Square CZ Childrens Hinged Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  ADORABLE  I bought these for my 9 month old daughter. She has had them on for about two weeks straight now with no problems at all.1. We've gotten tons of compliments on them.2. They stay put.3. They fit snuggly around the earlobe5. Doesn't dangle - Reduces the risk of getting pulled out.6. Sparkles.7. I have no complaints. <end>
 B000L4XJ08  14k Yellow 4 mm Round Mystic Green Created Opal Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Poor craftsmanship  Very pretty but upon pulling of the back screw to wear for the first time, the opal popped off of the post. Looking for a good jewelry glue to fix it. <end>  Pretty, but smaller than expected  These earrings are very pretty, but much smaller than I expected. I still like them for every day use, but they are so tiny that they would be much more appropriate for a child or little girl. <end>
 B000L51526  14k Yellow 4 mm Heart Rose-Pink CZ Screw-Back Stud Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  darling children's earrings  These earrings are so cute! They are a great size for a toddler, but probably a little large for a small infant. It is so hard to find safety back earrings that are cute. These are a beautiful rose pink color - very sweet. <end>
 B000L5168O  14k Yellow Initial S Friction-Back Post Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Good product very slow shipment  Product was good and a reasonable value, shipment was much slower then expected or told. <end>
 B000L51C3S  14k Yellow 9x6 mm Briolette Amethyst-Purple Crystal Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Grandma loved them  I bought these for my grandmas 75th birthday. the earrings were fantastic. just stunning and realy 14k gold. the shipping took way to long. i paid almost more in shipping to make sure it would get here before she left for vegas. and it didnt. maybe it was the seller. but its also a possibility our mail man took his time. in either case i was very upset and almost sent them back. but opening them and seeing was worth the wait. just make sure you allow yourself enough time to get them! <end>
 B000L5YZ8M  Genuine Oval Green Jade Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Jade earrings  These are really nice earrings, kind of on the small side but stand out extremely well against my dark hair. <end>  I love butterflies!!!! These are great butterfly earrings! ONe of a kind!  I love butterflies!!!! These look better than the website displays. They are well made. I thought they were not worth the cost "initially" but I ordered them anyway. I like butterflies and the color blue and orange and peridot. These give me an opportunity to find/buy a couple jade pieces(bracelets) to match now. I would like to have the necklace that matches these earrings. <end>
 B000L7RERO  June Pink Alexandrite Gold Czech Crystal Butterfly Birthstone Butterfly Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Beautiful Details for an Italian Charm  I know a lot of people don't realize how small the Italian charms are, which is why this one is so impressive. Despite the small size, the details are beautiful. It was my first charm in my charm bracelet, and I love it! I'm getting another in the month of my best friend's birthday, too! <end>
 B000L7ZQP6  St. Florian Sterling Silver Medal,20"steel Necklace Chain ||	  Not the product I ordered  Well as for the quality of the product it is very good, however it is not what I had purchased and I have had no replies to the messages I have sent. <end>
 B000L81UXW  US Army Irish Celtic Knot Cross Antiqued Sterling Silver Pendant 24"stainless Steel Necklace Chain ||	  Army Cross  I bought this for my son who is in the Army. The cross is nice quality. The chain is fairly light and broke the first day he wore it. This was really not an issue for him because he put it on his dog tag chain. This is a really nice piece for anyone currently serving in the Army or retired from the Army, but you may need to consider a different chain. <end>
 B000L88SNM  Hagerty Sonic Jewelry Cleaner ||	  It works  I bought this Cleaner and pretty satisfied with it. Of course, you shouldn't expect professional quality from 20USD appliance, but iat list it doesn't jump as a frog (as some of my friends complained about hers from some TV shop) and using it together with brushes you will have rather clean jewerly. Worths the money. Good thing is that it works on batteries, so I could take it with me to Russia where the voltage is 220, which is the main for bringing such electric stuff from the US to Europe. So batteries is a good solution. <end>  horrible, the worst  After receiving this jewerely cleaner, I can honestly say it was the worst purchase I have had in a very long time. The cleaner sounds like a bomb waiting to explode. I am truely afraid that it will ruin my jewerly or worse explode in my house and have pieces of debris fly everywhere. Stupid me, I threw the box away before usage and cannot return. <end>
 B000L9NR6O  Turquoise and Sterling Dream Catcher Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  this is one beautiful pair of earrings! a little bigger than i expected but just the same will make the perfect gift.you got my order here faster thn expected and i am thrilled with your company. i will certainly shop with you again and i will highly reccommend to my friends.thank you.colleen k. <end>
 B000LAEK50  EXP Handmade Tibetan Red Leather Jewelry Box Bird And Blossoms Design ||	  Not quite what you expect  I just got the item in today after waiting almost 2weeks after I purchased it. For the price you pay its not exactly as nice as you expect. For a small jewlery box its poorly finished, on the inside you can see glue all over where they put it together and on the outside there are bubbles from what I can only assume is the nails holding the wood together. The latch on the front doest fit snug at all nor does it line up quite right. Im quite dissapointed I do not suggest this to anyone looking for a small Asian inspired jewlery box or anything of the sort. <end>  Cheap quality, mass-produced, slightly defective.  Not quite those expensive lacquer boxes you might find in import stores and boutiques. The sides seams were splitting and were coming off when it arrived, making it useless as a Christmas present. I am not sure how they're sourcing these, but you get what you pay for in this case. <end>  very nice  this box is very good looking inside and out. it gave me that feel of something very old but still sturdily constructed. i have a feeling this is going to be one of those things i keep in my family for many years to come. and yes, the wife was quite pleased with it as well <end>
 B000LB6Y9E  Large Genuine Blue Lapis Lazuli Sterling Silver Slide Pendant ||	  Great buy  I love this pendant! It is a beautiful color of blue and goes with just about anything. I get a ton of compliments everytime that I wear it. <end>
 B000LB6YTE  Genuine Green Moldavite Scrollwork Sterling Silver Star Hook Earrings ||	  Perfect  Not at all heavy - but not flimsy either - so they're really comfortable to wear. Well made, very shiny. The moldavite could be taken for peridot, it's paler than the photo. Really cute earrings and fantastic value for money. <end>  Perfect replacement;)  These earrings are gorgeous! The shipping was fast and I am very pleased. A great replacement for my precious moldavite earrings I had lost the week before, but now I am not as sad because these are prettier than the old ones;)This company is great and have had no problems with them. Plan to order more in the future! <end>  Gorgeous!  Got these from my husband for Christmas and they are gorgeous! Light weight and pretty. Would highly recommend these earrings to anyone who loves silver, the color green and stars or the combination of all three together. Great for the holidays! <end>  Lightweight and lovely!  These earrings are very dainty, but also very attractive. Lovely to wear at Christmas or any time of year. The quality is very good and they are also very comfortable to wear. I have had no problems with them slipping out of my ears. You'll love them! <end>  Earrings  I had bought this item for a friend. It was shipped to her and she said it was beautiful and she loved it. I never personally got to see it myself, but she was pleased, and that was the main thing I was concerned about. The delivery was prompt and the item was in good shape when it arrived. <end>
 B000LB8V8Q  Unusual Celtic Swirled Black Onyx Inlay and Genuine Garnet Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  barb  The earrings are dainty and light weight, however, the garnet is a bit smaller than what is pictured. <end>  Pretty and fun  The earrings are pretty and fun. The silver, black, and red shine nicely from my hair. A nice weight and length. <end>  Beautiful but not worth the price  i bought this product for my girlfriend for xmas. While the earrings are beautiful, the price was too much in my opinion. The garnet is tiny - for a little less i would recommend this product. <end>
 B000LBAUVM  Pretty Little Galloping Horse Sterling Silver Post Stud Earrings ||	  Very Pretty Earrings  I bought this item as a gift and I am sure that the person receiving it will love it! These earrings are just the right size, and I really like the fact that they are sterling silver. The horses have very nice and delicate detail on the head, mane and tail, which makes the earrings look realistic. I am very glad I found these horse earrings! <end>  very pleased  These were ordered for a young girl who loves horses. The earrings were well made and crafted wonderfully. I am very pleased with the earrings and the matching necklace. <end>
 B000LBAUY4  Red and Black Enamel Ladybug Detailed Sterling Silver Dangling Hook Earrings ||	  Ladybugs  I get a lot of compliments when I wear these earrings. I'm glad I bought them. The seller has excellent customer service as well. I received them within the week I ordered them although I selected standard, flat rate shipping. I would recommend these and the seller. <end>
 B000LBAVBG  Green Enameled Irish Shamrock or Clover Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Beautiful  I gave these earrings to a friend for her birthday, and she loved them. Very well made and good looking silver earrings. <end>  5 star review  I bought these earrings because I have a matching necklace and they were really cheap. I can wear them on St. Packtrics Day. They didn't take to long to ship either <end>
 B000LCRUIC  Sterling Silver Multifaceted Blue Crystal Baroque Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Lovely blue tones - looks like blue topaz  This blue crystal pendant looks smashing against a fabric which really brings out the blues. A unique shape with the edges looking a bit like jagged ice and a good weight to the crystal.Looks great on formal wear or every day. I purchased 4 of the crystal pendants and all four of them are stunning. The design of this is to show the blues, it isn't 'sparkly' as it doesn't have a gold painted back -- you see through the crystal, it looks like blue topaz.Again, I am most pleased and these are very well priced. My girlfriends are telling me to wear two crystals at at time for a different effect. <end>  Lovely  This pendant is a lovely sky blue, and the unique shape has attracted several compliments in just one wearing. It looks great on a silver chain. It's an inexpensive way to dress up an outfit in a fun way. <end>  Pretty Pendant  Very pretty light blue color. Can't wait to purchase more in the other colors that are offered. <end>  my feedback  The pendent is nice to feel and hold. Not too heavy, nice looking with good cuts at the sides.The best part is it does reflect light to an extent and has many cuts, as expected.I would recommend this to anyone who is looking out for a cheap, yet valuable buy. <end>  Beautiful  I bought this pendant as a gift to my Mom and till date she just loves it. It looks excatly the same as it appears on screen. Very beautiful. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful Color Blue  This particular pendant has a very nice cut and is a beautiful color blue. Very impressed with their products overall and the quality of the products. <end>  Beautiful  This was an excellent choice. I ordered this for my daughter for her 17th birthday (Oct 20th) and she loved it. I also got her the matching earrings. They look exqusite on her. <end>  Quite the looker  "Short and sweet. Arrived before time and this little gem is quite the looker. This being cheaper looks much better than [...] the pair of earrings that I ordered. " <end>
 B000LCTZJO  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Teardrop Pink Cubic Zirconia 9 x 6mm Post Stud Earrings ||	  Cute, Cute, Cute  This is such a pretty and feminine addition to my fashion jewelry wardrobe. They are a bit large on my earlobes, but stunning and shiny. The pink color is much much lighter than the picture. They almost resemble morganite rather than CZ or diamond.Pear shapes are timeless, and it is not something you see every day either. I would probably not buy them for a younger teen, but maybe for an older teen. They could be the perfect gift for a woman of any age. Any woman would feel like a princess wearing them. I do.I bought them for myself to commemorate a special milestone in my life, and every time I wear them, I am reminded of that special day.They are special earrings. Love the bling factor. Very sparkly. They are more for evening, but I'm the type of woman who wears them with blue jeans and fancy blouse. ) <end>  Love it  I love these earrings. Very shiny and the box it's well presented,but i think there's a big space underneath the stone that makes it look funny. there's no picture showing this, so you don't know it 'till you get them.I recommend it. <end>  DAZZLING and SPARKLING WOW!!!  These little numbers are getting more compliments than I've heard in a long time. Bright lights dim lights it does'nt matter, these pear shaped pink CZ earrings are out shining everything out there, and in Boston that's hard to do!! <end>
 B000LCZ430  MLB Snowman Football Earring (Set of 2) MLB Team  New York Yankees ||	  Red Sox Earrings  Very nice if you're a Red Sox fan. Only draw back is they're a little heavy. <end>
 B000LCZ5HU  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Tampa Bay Buccaneers ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD18O8  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Philadelphia Eagles ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD29ZK  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  san Francisco 49ers ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD3UAS  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  New Orleans Saints ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD3UBC  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  New York Giants ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LF4GI6  Natural White 5.5-6mm Round Cultured Pearl Studs Earrings (Available  Sterling Silver or 14K White Gold) ||	  Pleasantly surprised  I was a little concerned of the quality of these earrings when I first ordered them, due to the reasonable price. However, my girlfriend loves them and wears them all the time! The luster is good and the shape is virtually spherical. The peach color is fairly subtle, but suits someone with a lighter complexion. <end>  Not what I thought.  For $50, these weren't the color I expected, so I sent them back. I thought they'd be more peachy in color, but they just look pink to me, and I already had pink pearls. <end>  cheap price great quality  "I got this item in a timely manner. when I got it I was suprise on the quality. It's a very good quality and I would buy again from this company. I'm a very satisfied customer." <end>  Perfect gift  I gave these to my wife as part of an anniversary gift. The earrings were beautiful and the pearls were just the right size for her ears. She couldn't be happier. <end>  Very nice earrings!  My daughter is very pleased with her new pearl stud earrings. They arrived quickly, well packaged, and with all paperwork. Very pretty and well made. Thank you! I would definitely order again from Dahlia's!!! <end>  Nice present for Mom  I bought these for my Mom and she loves them. Nice color and shape at the right price. <end>
 B000LF672O  Natural White 5.5-6mm Round Cultured Pearl Studs Earrings (Available  Sterling Silver or 14K White Gold) ||	  Pleasantly surprised  I was a little concerned of the quality of these earrings when I first ordered them, due to the reasonable price. However, my girlfriend loves them and wears them all the time! The luster is good and the shape is virtually spherical. The peach color is fairly subtle, but suits someone with a lighter complexion. <end>  Not what I thought.  For $50, these weren't the color I expected, so I sent them back. I thought they'd be more peachy in color, but they just look pink to me, and I already had pink pearls. <end>  cheap price great quality  "I got this item in a timely manner. when I got it I was suprise on the quality. It's a very good quality and I would buy again from this company. I'm a very satisfied customer." <end>  Perfect gift  I gave these to my wife as part of an anniversary gift. The earrings were beautiful and the pearls were just the right size for her ears. She couldn't be happier. <end>  Very nice earrings!  My daughter is very pleased with her new pearl stud earrings. They arrived quickly, well packaged, and with all paperwork. Very pretty and well made. Thank you! I would definitely order again from Dahlia's!!! <end>  Nice present for Mom  I bought these for my Mom and she loves them. Nice color and shape at the right price. <end>
 B000LH8ICE  Earrings - Sterling Silver Feather Earring ||	  for my best friend  My best friend wanted me to find a pair of silver earrings for her that she purchased in Maine 2 years ago. Well, they match perfectly! I am so glad that we have the right pictures on Amazon. That is how I matched them,with a picture. Thank you Amazon. <end>
 B000LHAF6Q  Earrings - Sterling Silver Comedy Tragedy Drama Earrings ||	  beautiful earrings  The drama/comedy earrings came in fast time & are beautiful & very high quality. They made a wonderful gift for my thespian daughter for her college theatrical debut, & were such a hit!Thank you for offering such a perfect find! <end>
 B000LN8TXQ  EXP Handmade Tibetan Black Leather Jewelry Box With Children Playing ||	  Beautiful  This is definitely not machine made. Time was clearly taken with the details of this box. This served as a wonderful gift. <end>
 B000LQKKMG  14K White Gold Men's Satin Diamond Band Ring ||	  i love this ring!  I bought it for my husband to wear as his wedding band. we were so excited when we opened the box for the first time, the ring is just gorgeous in person. the diamonds are really sparkly and it compliments his hand really well. its a neat ring because when he holds his hand out you can see the diamonds that wrap around the ring, its really cool. i highly recommend it! <end>
 B000LVDV2C  10K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 3mm comfort-fit ||	  Fast Shipping-excellent engraving A+++  Fastest shipping I have ever had! My rings were exactly as I ordered and the engraving was perfect! I shopped around and iwedding was definately the best deal and the smoothest part of my whole wedding planning. I ordered the brushed finish which givces the look of aluminum (I don't like the flashy) It was perfect! <end>
 B000LWVZDS  14K Yellow Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 3mm comfort-fit ||	  Good stuff!  I haven't actually worn it permanently yet, but it's comfortable, pretty, and the size is just right! Keep up the great work! <end>
 B000LZDLWS  14K Yellow Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 3mm half round ||	  Very nice, great quality.  This ring is perfect. Just like the picture. The fit is good and the ring is very nice and shiny. <end>  Still looks great  Bought this almost three years ago and it still looks great, fits perfectly and just the right width personally for me since i did not want a very large band. Sits nicely against my engagement ring, I've never had any problems with it pinching. Very happy to this day about this purchase, great price and a great product <end>  Not great quality  The cost is good but the quality is not so good. You get what you pay for I suppose. <end>
 B000M0DUMS  Sterling Silver Filigree Hear Garnet Earring ||	  Much appreciated birthday present  These earrings were a birthday present for my sister. She said they "were very nice". They made a nice present and they didn't cost that much. <end>  Poor Quality  I was very disappointed with this product. It looked cheap. The metal was so thin it looked like it would fall to peices the moment you touched it. The garnet stones looked pink instead of a red. They were very small in size. I sent them back as soon as I opened the package. <end>  garnet earrings  They were a gift for my mother. I haven't heard back how she likes them. They came pretty quickly. Great service. <end>
 B000M0GYXA  Sterling Silver Clear AB Crystal 10mm Flower Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Crystal  Smaller than I expected but very pretty. I like the way the light cascades off it. <end>  Genuine Swarovski Crystal Flower Pendant Charm Sterling Silver  I bought a Swarovski Crystal Flower Pendant as a gift for my sister. I know that she likes Swarovski crystals. When I got that pendant, I knew that I have to buy exactly same for myself. This is a very pretty pendant. <end>  * MUCH PRETTIER THAN THE PICTURES *  This precious little flower pendant is so much better in person ! I have three daughters and when I received one in the mail, they all insisted on getting one too ! I can't remember seeing any jewelry capture the light the way this little crystal flower does. We get compliments on this everywhere we go ! Seriously ! I'm planning to order more very soon and use them to make matching sets...I highly recommend !! <end>  Cute Pendant  This is a cute, lightweight pendant that reflects a lot of color. I get compliments everytime I wear it. I wear it on a long chain but it can also be worn with a shorter one. This pendant had great sparkle. <end>  perfect accent  I'm giving this five stars because it's lovely, and exactly as described - it works on a simple chain for a sparkly accent, on a ball chain to dress up jeans, or on a bracelet. It's about a half inch in diameter - not overwhelming, but sure to be noticed. <end>  Nice crystal  Very cute pendant -- very sparkly. I bought it to jazz up a simple silver chain. <end>  special but wearable  I bought the clear crystal flower and the blue crystal flower. I wear them together on a sterling silver chain. It provides the special accessory that I like without overpowering what I am wearing. The quality is excellent and I think they appear better in person than on line. <end>  different than I thought  The pendant is really cute, but has a silver skin back to increase the brightness. The swarovski's jewelry what I see in stores do not have this device. <end>  such a cute little thing  I figured it would be small but its really small, I suppose that's why its so cute. It reflects light very beautifully and shows many different colors. Its about the size of a dime, which i wished it was bigger but its not for me. However, if I can find a good chain to put it on, I may buy one for myself. All in all, its a very cute little gem that i recommend for anyone who needs a sweet gift. (I got it for my mom by the way and will see how she likes it in a couple hours.) <end>  So pretty  I love jewelry that sparkles. A very lovely gift for your near and dear ones or simply for yourself. <end>  charming!  this product was everything i spected it's very nice and beautiful you can't help to look at it, i recommend it, fast shipping too!!! <end>
 B000M4VX0U  Sterling Silver Heart Blue Topaz Ring, Size 7.5 ||	  VERY ATTRACTIVE!  THIS IS A VERY ATTRACTIVE RING. IT'S A NICE SIZE (NOT TOO BIG, NOT TOO SMALL). LOOKS GOOD ON YOUR HAND. <end>
 B000M55S1Y  Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  Absolutely Gorgeous...  Of all the Sajen rings I have (approx. 16), this is probably the most beautiful one I own. The stone is really unbelievable -- a very dark red -- and the faceting of the stone is spectacular. The silver of the ring is also exquisite, both in color and in its high polish. The silver is almost a white silver, it is that bright. And the weight of the ring is substantial; as with all Sajen rings, the band is very thick and sturdy. As for the design -- there are silver swirls not only on the band, but also on the vertical sides of the gemstone setting, which you cannot really see in the photo, but which is hinted at in the description. This ring is stunning enough for evening wear, yet it is such a neat size, you could easily wear it to the office. <end>
 B000M8IIF4  Solid Sterling Silver Wolf Ring Please specify size  11 ||	  Great Ring  Great ring, my girlfriend got it for me and I was enthralled. It has worn well. The only down fall in the design is the band tapers down to 3mm in diameter at the bottom. As long as you don't resize your ring (like I have), or put it through extremely rough situations, it shouldn't be a problem. As expected, the head is heavy and will cause the ring to rotate while wearing it. Make sure the fit is snug to avoid that.Overall, it's a great ring, I recommend buying it for any wolf lover. <end>
 B000M8O7A4  Solid Sterling Silver Birthstone Heart Ring Set - June Please specify size  6 ||	  Beautiful ring at a great price  I purchased this ring for my granddaughter. It is very well made and looks like it cost much more than the price. <end>
 B000M8S79G  Colorful Solid Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated Ringwith Pave' Cubic Zirconia, Marquise Garnet & Amethyst Semi-Precious Stones Please specify size  8 ||	  Great ring, lots of compliments.  This ring is gorgeous and I feel like I totally lucked out. Amethyst and Garnet are my two sons birthstones so this makes the ultimate mother's ring for me without spending too much. It wears really well too. I have worn it everyday and night for months and it still looks great. <end>
 B000M9GFCQ  14K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 5mm Milgrain comfort-fit ||	  Great!  I ordered the men's version of this band from this vendor on amazon as my wedding band. I wasn't disappointed. The ring is gorgeous  everything I was hoping for, if not a little more. It truly is comfort-fitting and it looks spectacular. I had seen a similar band in a jewelry store for over twice as much, and this one is at least as good. <end>
 B000M9JEF6  "Truth" Solid Sterling Silver Ring Please specify size  6 ||	  Great Ring!  I bought this ring because I loved it's message. I just got it in the mail and it is very simple and beautiful. The ring is very well engraved, and has a great finish. I found this item to be a great deal! <end>
 B000M9LDI2  Solid Sterling Silver Green Crystal Claddagh Ring Please specify size  9 ||	  Poor Quality  I have had two of these rings. The first ring completly lost the stone. The second chipped. I teach, so I do not think I am being overly rough on the product. I think it isn't made well, although it is very pretty. <end>  Silver Green Crystal Claddagh ring  This was a disappointment. It isn't as pretty in person, and the crystal fell out in the first couple days. <end>
 B000M9MEXU  Expressively Yours Bracelet Love Remember Forever ||	  A Nice Memorial of Someone Special Who Has Passed Away  This "Expressively Yours" Bracelet is a nice memorial of someone special who has passed away. The bracelet has pretty crystal beads, the word beads "Love", "Remember", and "Forever", and a dangling pretty heart charm on it. I purchased this as a remembrance of the love of my life who passed away. It would also be a nice gift for someone who has lost a dear one in the military, the September 11th terrorist attacks, an illness, or who peacefully passed away. And, the bracelet is much nicer than it appears in the photo. Highly recommended! <end>  Bad clasp design  I Loved this bracelet when I saw it. It is so pretty and I bought it in memory of my dad. The only problem is it has a bad clasp design. It is just a hook that goes through a loop and it has fallen off of me about 3 times in 2 days. It was a good thing I was home or in the car or else I would have lost it. It should have a lobster claw clasp. <end>  Nice Sympathy Gift  This bracelet touched the heart of someone who was mourning the loss of her son.Great gift idea for a sympathy gift! <end>  Exceeds expectations!  A lovely presentation box, a lovely sentiment for a friend. I gave it to my best friend and she was thrilled. She loved it so much that she wanted me to have the same feeling and purchased a similar one for me. I love it too. <end>  wonderful gift  This is a perfect charm love bracelet that im sure my girlfriend will cherrish. It is just the right size. <end>
 B000M9MNOK  Solid Sterling Silver Hummingbird Band Ring Please specify size  6 ||	  hummingbird ring  I love hummingbirds. I already have one ring that I most of the time. I enjoy wearing this ring as well. Thanks. <end>
 B000M9NCWM  Solid Sterling Silver Pink Mother of Pearl Ring Please specify size  9 ||	  **Cute Petite Ring**  I like this ring. I've worn it for several days and it's not tarnishing - so that's good. It's delicate and petite. Very sweet. <end>
 B000M9OB2W  Titanium 6 mm Flat Wedding Band Ring Masonic Compass Comfort Fit, sizes 7 to14 ||	  great deal  my fiancee loves his ring, it was simple yet had alot of meaning to him, one its from me and two because it have the masonic symbol on it, and he of course is a brother. so it was a great gift for a great price. Thanks <end>  Masonic TI ring  Masonic emblem is etched into the polished finish. Very subtle, very dignified ring. Comfortable to wear, accurate sizing. He is very satisfied. <end>  Great Buy!!!!  This ring is so handsome and very light weight. The price was a steal and shipping was fast. <end>  Masonic Titanium Ring  The ring is very beautiful to look at on the web. It is very beautiful when you get it home and begin to wear it. The only problem, if it is a problem, is that it scratches easily and loses its luster. The fine Masonic image on the ring does stay visible even with the scratches. I feel that it was well worth what I paid for it. But after 2-3 weeks of daily wear the mirror image surface on the ring is gone. I thought that titanium was tougher than that. <end>  Simple style  This ring has a simple look but has character, made from Titanium feels good on finger, light and easy to clean. <end>  A Must See  The picture does not do it justice. My dear husband is very happy and always gets asked about where he got it. His answer "My Wife". <end>  Looks nice but scratches easily  This is a nice looking, simple ring, very lightweight and understated. Shipping was quick and painless, and the price was very fair. The downside is that the ring does scratch very easily. I've worn this a cumulative 3 or 4 days and it's covered in fine scratches that obscure the S&C. I imagine they can be buffed out, but I don't want to go to the trouble on a regular basis. I do not recommend this ring if you plan on wearing it every day; for that purpose, a tungsten ring is far more durable and scratch resistant. <end>  Good product, GREAT service!  Ring received in a very timely manner. However, I misjudged the size and asked to return it for 1/2 size smaller. No problem, no extra charge. GREAT service for a great product! <end>  Comfortable to wear  I like these comfortable and very durable rings. This is my second one and is due to my fingers swelling so I needed a larger size. I have had the first one about 3 years now. <end>  Titanium Masonic Ring  Fit is good, ring is comfortable to wear. Outside edge is a bit sharp and scratch resistance is less than other titanium rings I own. Overall it is a good ring for the money. <end>  DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED  The ring was what I exactly expected. For its price it is a very good buy indeed. I have been looking for the same kind of ring at regular jewelry stores in the mall but this one is definitely the best I have ever seen and plus the masonic symbol is discreet, not too bold, not too small. Just perfect! I will recommend this seller to others. <end>  Easily to scratch  This ring is very light weight, and fast shipping. However, it is so easy to scratch. I just got it today, and got some scratch on it for wearing within 3 hours. <end>  Masonic Wedding band  I am getting married in 2012 and This is what I wanted for our wedding and I thought I could support my fraternity and have my wedding band also. My Fiance loves the way it looks also and it fits great. Thank You <end>  Awesome Quality, Not Expensive  I must say that I have received a lot of compliments about this ring. A lot of people have looked at it and said how expensive it looked. As you can see, it isn't! I bought this ring initially so that I could have something to display my light without breaking the bank, but I think even after I more traditional looking ring, I will still continue to wear this one from time to time. <end>  Scratches Very Easily  I bought this ring in July 2011. The ring is very light and wears nicely. However, it loses it nice shine after just a short time. It has scratches all over it and looks very dull. The emblem is still very noticeable, though. Since owning this one I decided to try something I had success with in the past - a tungsten carbide ring. They cost about 3 times the amount and are twice as heavy but they do not scratch anywhere near as easy. I've had one tungsten carbide ring for over a year with NO scratches to date. The newer masonic tungsten carbide ring I bought is about a week old and hasn't a scratch yet. Much more durable I think. <end>  Love it!  I love it! I still wear it and it looks great! It does get scratched very easily though, so watch out but its still well worth the price. <end>  Simple ring  This is a simple ring for those that don't want to wear the kings ransom on their finger or advertise they are a Mason. I got the wrong size at first but returned it and they sent me a better size quickly. I have worn it for several years now and it and been nicely scuffed up. It still looks good but I doubt its titanium. <end>  Very Good  Had some problems with the delivery, But the company fix the problem. All very good..Many Thanks John <end>  Just as expected  This product was just as expected and shipping was pretty quick. I wear it every day. <end>  Gokhan Ring  The quality of the product is perfect. I am happy with my purchase. I will shop again. <end>  What Was Expected!  The ring showed up in a timely fashion and if not for a sizing issue on my part it would be perfect! Still fits my pinky! <end>  Masonic  I have been told that the ring is very comfortable to wear and he was quite surprised and please to see the Masonic ring in titanium. <end>  it's a nice ring  I purchased the wrong size and had to exchange the ring. I expect to have the correct ring somtime soon...I hope. <end>
 B000M9OKV4  Solid Sterling Silver Pentagram Light Ring Please specify size  9 ||	  awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  got the ring in excellent condition and was shipped to me very fast!!!! awesome service!!! <end>
 B000M9QBG6  Solid Sterling Silver Rose Light Ring Please specify size  8 ||	  Excellent!  I highly recommend this little ring. It's very comfortable to wear, doesn't scratch or snag, light on the finger, and very dainty and pretty. A great value, too! It just took a little longer to be shipped to me, than some other sellers. However, I think it's a good product. <end>
 B000MC5MFO  Diamond-Cut Dragon with Wizard Figurine ||	  Too Sweet!  This is one of my favorite pieces in my collection. It is gorgeously detailed for such a small figurine, and the diamond cuts give it a nice sparkle. The little dragon looks like a baby, and the wizard looks kind. Love it! <end>
 B000MC5NLW  Solid Sterling Silver Treble Clef Brooch Pin ||	  Solid Sterling Silver Treble Clef  Very pleased, quick delivery, as described. This is a gift for a lovely young woman who is playing piano for us for the summer. <end>
 B000MC7HV6  Diamond-Cut Cat Figurine ||	  nice small trinket  The seller was great and the craftmanship of figurine excellent. However, couldn't tell from picture that has stones in collar--would have preferred without or at least choice of color. (Figurine is about 2 inches tall) <end>
 B000MC9ATI  Solid Sterling Silver "Peace" Band Ring (Chinese Writing w/ English Translation Inside the Band) Please specify size  10 ||	  Good Work!  I really enjoyed the Ring!! It was as pretty as the picture and they were very prompt with delivery!! <end>
 B000MCAWZY  Solid Sterling Silver Fairy Fantasy Charm (5.9g) ||	  AN ART NUVEAU FAIRY !!!  This fairy is different from all the fairys I've seen out there. It has an Art Nuveau felling to it. Doesn't have a bail so you slide the necklace chain throughout its wings and it looks like she floats aroung your neck. It looks exactly like the picture, really pretty! <end>
 B000MCEMOQ  SILVER JEWELRY harp Earring RACK stand HOLDER ||	  Silver Jewelry Harp Earing Rack  Item arrived in good condition. Looks great! Although some earings do overlap on the row below, they are easy to put in and take out. Makes a colorful ornament on the dresser. <end>  Love It!!  Amazing!!! Product was bigger than what I expected which was just what I needed. The earring holes are more than the average person would have and the curls work nicely for necklaces. It's made out of metal so it's very sturdy. The only thing is the rows are a little close together which may cause some earrings to overlap, but I just put my bigger ones on the bottom rows, no biggie. Definitely a big step from having my jewelry jumbled all up and it's also a very nice piece added to my dresser. I am also very satisfied with the customer service. I had free 2-day shipping and my item arrived in 1 day! I would definitely recommend this seller & this product to anyone who has a lot of jewelry. <end>  silver jewelry harp earring holder  Very happy with the product, just what I wanted and I received it in a timely manner. Very solid item. <end>  Great way to display your earrings  I really love this stand. It's sturdy and looks nice. My only complaint would be I wish the spacing between rows was wider. I'm not using half the rows because my earrings hang over from the row above. Still, great price, fast shipping, excellent product. <end>  My wife loves it  It is not anything super special, but my wife loves it. she uses it all of the time to keep her earing organized. Also it looks nice. <end>  versatile earring rack  I love this item, it is great to keep all your earrings organized. It also looks really pretty when I've put all my earrings on it. I also used the loopy ends to hold some of my necklaces and rings. I docked one star because the bars are kind of close together and my more dangly earrings cover up the bar below, so it makes it hard to store earrings on each row.Other than that it's a great item and looks much better than having all my earrings in a box in a drawer. <end>  nice  I bought this for my daughter last Christmas and she liked it because it can hold a lot of earrings which is nice so you don't loose them. It's a nice holder for your earrings I think! <end>  So cute!  Highly recommended if you have a lot of earrings, but not an ungodly amount. Very cute and almost looks like a decoration with all the different colored earrings. <end>  Functional and attractive  This is really exactly what it says it is. I like that it can hold a lot of earrings. You may not use all of the rows, if you want it to look neat and orderly; when earrings are dangly, they tend to spill over the row beneath. <end>  Great product  Works really well for most of my earrings. Holes may not work well if you have large posts, but you can hook them over the bar itself if you need to. Pay attention to the product dimensions. The picture makes it seem smaller than it is. <end>  Fun Tool for Earrings  This is a great compromise between a store display and the usual home earring holder. The shape is really fun. It is a great way to see all your earrings at once and, with so many holes, works well for those of us who are jewelry-haulics. I was a little concerned when it arrived in only a padded pouch, but it seemed to have survived shipment ok. Good value for the price. <end>  Broken  Yes, I received the holder in two pieces. It was broken, the holder from the base. Luckily my husband is a welder and was able to tact it back together. It is a nice product but the shipping department placed it in a envelope instead of a box, so it didn't have a chance to come in one piece. When you pay for shipping/handling you expect it to come in one piece. Please take another look at your shipping method. <end>  Poor Construction  This item was poorly constructed, damaged during shipping or both. Had the item cost half as much, I would have expected this. For an item that will cost over $20.00 by the time it's shipped to you, and only consist of a few wires and metal bands, the least you could expect is an appearance that it was put together carefully. The large wire scroll like frame appears racked and thus makes the metal bands all look bent. Painted finish was so thin that it was already rubbed through in several places when we received the item. It will do the job but should have cost much less for the quality. <end>  Cool design, but scratches and chip marks all over  this was supposed to be new, not used. but when this arrived in the box, the silver was chipped in 3-4 places and there are scratches on it right out of the box!! it looks like i have had it for years with the wear and tear on it the way it arrived.the design is nice, and i would like to keep it. but the coating is so poor that it looks too tacky to display with all the chip marks. <end>  Good solid product  Good solid product, colour is great, only potential issues are that it has a bit of an industrial look to it (you can see the welding on the sides etc.) which is not necessarily bad, its just a specific look that may or may not work with your taste. Also the space between the various rows is too small if you want to use this for dangly earnings.I would give it a 4 for my taste and needs, but I gave it a 3 knowing that for most people the above issues are probably important <end>  BEST EARRING HOLDER EVER!!!  I LOVE this thing!! I have a LOT of ear rings (as you can see from my picture), and I always forget what I have in my jewelry armoire. Having them displayed in a nice stand like this one helps a whole lot - and I can display quite a bit of ear rings on this holder! I have several other ear ring holders too, but I must say this one is my favorite one. It's sturdy, it looks great, it's organized, you can hang other non ear ring things at the top (I also hang my random rings and big hoops that wont fit naturally in the other slots).Best.purchase.EVER! <end>  Great Product and Great Value!  I really love this product. It is a super smart earring organizer and a great value. I've seen a lot of earring organizers and they all seem to have one flaw or another, but this product is perfect in design, being free standing and not hanging on a wall, makes earrings easy to access, absolutely no fuss.In rebuttal to other reviewers, I found the construction to be very sturdy. The finish is just metal, so there is nothing to rub off as one reviewer noted, and I received mine, in a box with bubble wrap, not an envelope, as another reviewer noted. If that was an issue in the past, its since been corrected.I've nearly got this one filled up and will certainly purchase another for my ever growing collection of earrings. I also purchased the other organizers in the harp series, theBLACK JEWELRY harp BRACELET RACK stand HOLDER gift NEWandSilver JEWELRY harp NECKLACE RACK stand HOLDER gift, both of which are great products as well! <end>  Unbelievable value, design and durability  What an amazing holder for earrings. Well crafted, strong and attractive. This is my pick of the season for great gifts...I love this earring tree. <end>  love it  this thing is awesome, i now have all my earrings organized and i can hang some necklaces on the sides as well. <end>  So needed it  This was a very useful purchase. It helped me to put and organize all my earrings. and it looks very pretty on my room <end>  Love it!  I love this earring rack! You can arrange your earrings in so many different ways, and it is so easy to find all of them. I love earrings and I don't know how I ever did without it! <end>  great product  I purchased this earring holder for myself, I love all room it has to offer and the fact that you can all your selection so you can pick what you are looking for quickly. <end>  Perfect for my many earrings  I am a big earrings fan and I have atleast 50 pairs of earrings. I used to keep them in a box and they used to get tangled and many of time mishandled resulting in breakage or a loss of a stone from the earrings.For a long time I looked for an earring organizer, but some were just clumsy, expensive or just didnt have enough space in them.But this one handles my many earrings perfectly well, easy to look at the pairs and choose from when you want to make a quick decision.I cannot be hung on a wall, but I don't care like that. Also holds bangles and bracelets.I have had this for more than 2 years now and am loving it. <end>  No more lost Earrings!  No more lost Earrings! It very sturdy bot like other similar products. I really liked it and even spray painted it a different color. I would definitely recommend this. <end>  Silver Harp Earring rack  I love this earring rack. It was much needed to organize my dresser and gives me a greater variety of earrings that match!The rack was taller than I anticipated but it stands out as decorative when you fill it with pretty earrings <end>  Love it!  I'm so happy with this earring rack. All my earrings are visible and I can find what I need quickly!Pat <end>  Great Item  This is a great item with a tasteful design. It seems sturdy. I highly recommend it. Bought it for my girlfriend and it cleans up her mess of earrings well and conveniently. <end>  works great  I am so happy with this earring holder. It is bigger then I expected which I am happy about. I can finally organize my earrings so I can find the pair I want when I want them! <end>  Exactly what I was looking for!  Perfect. Exactly what I was looking for to store my earrings. It is great to be able to see my earrings without have to dig through a jewelry box. The stand arrived in perfect condition. Its true that there is little packaging but I like that there was less waste. <end>  A Frame for Artwork  My wife loves it. It is really quite simple, but works well to hold the earrings. The earrings are really put on display and it's much nicer than having them sitting in a box. <end>  Great earring tree  really like it. my sister liked it so much that i got her one as a gift.. this saves me a bunch of time that i would spend looking for the correct pair of earrings  ) <end>  the best invention ever  Before I purchased this product finding my cosmetic jewelry was a nightmare when it was time to go out. I use to keep everything in a bag but then i have to untangle, match, hunt for earring backs.... complete headache. Now I can easily see what I have, chose what coordinates and then wear them. <end>  EARRING HOLDER  I bought this for a tweenager. It is much larger than I expected. I would like to have seen a little smaller version. construction is OK... Patina appears a bit marginal. <end>  Unbeatable earring organizer!  Best I've ever found...no more stuck-to-the-wall organizer preventing me from having easy access to the back! Finally I can move the earring organizer rack where I please and how I please. How wonderful! <end>  Damaged  Looks like it might be a good product but the base was broken off when we opened it up. Received it with the base broken off during shipment. I'm the second one to receive it this way so buyer beware that the stand is fragile. <end>  Holds earrings, yes it does!  If you have lots of dangles or lots of oversized posts, this may not be the best holder for you. I find that many of my dangles are simply too long to hang well on this holder. I also find that many of my bigger posts take up two holes. Also, some of the rows have an odd-number of holes...meaning that you'll have a "split" pair of earrings anyway. However, I find that it's a nice little holder for smaller earrings, and I've been able to clear out some space from my normal jewelery box. Overall, I'm satisfied with this product, but I think it's probably designed for younger gals. <end>  wrong item  You sent me the necklace rack, not the earring rack. I didn't order that for a reason, I wanted an earring holder. Please send me the correct holder. Jacquie Bussen <end>  Huge improvement...  ... over stuffing all my earrings in a zipper bag. They are better protected, I can see them, and I have space for many more. Nice musical motif too. <end>  Love these stands  I love these stands. They are super cute and look great all filled up with my earrings  ) I have two of these stands for my earings and two of the bracelet stands. <end>  You are getting what you pay for  Nice design, but cheaply made. The pieces can come off easily which is fixable I would say with some glue. It's really only a slight inconvenience. I would say it's worth the money if you are willing to put a little effort into it. It definitely holds many earrings and is attractive.I want to specify I am easily to please and have never given a product less than a 4 so that is something to consider when you are looking to buy this item. <end>  great  My daughter loves it, it holds a lot of earings and an added plus you can hang necklace on the side hooks. <end>  Very nice way to organize your jewelery  I was doubtful of whether I would like this product once I got it but it turns out I love it and it has resulted in me wearing much more of my earrings since they're always visible. <end>  Perfect  Exactly what I needed to organize my earrings! If you have a lot of dangle earrings like I do you won't be able to use every row, but there is so much space and looks really nice. <end>  High quality,Great price  Very nice for the cost would definetly recommend for you or as a gift. This is a Xmas gift to me from me. <end>  Bigger than expected  It's bigger than I expected (i guess i should read the description lol) but it's super cute. It does what it's suppose too. <end>  Awesome!  This item is much larger than it looks in the picture which was a pleasant surprise. It has plenty of room for all my earrings and I have a lot of them. I also use the curly parts at the top for rings and necklaces. This is the end of lost earrings for me. They're all on one place now and for me that's a time saver. No more searching the house for where I took them off last. Awesome product! <end>  Beautiful, functional - LOVE THIS JEWELRY HOLDER  I bought this holder for my 10 year old daughter to organize her many earrings and other jewelry and what a difference it has made! Her bathroom looks so neat and organized and the brushed silver holder is a beautiful and elegant addition to the room. It was very reasonably priced, arrived right on time and was a perfect gift. Thank you! <end>  GOOD FOR THE PRICE!  THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR KEEPING UP WITH ALL OF THE SMALL EARRINGS WOMEN COLLECT. NICE LOOKING AND PERFECT FOR THE PRICE. <end>  Awesome and Practical!  This is a great earring rack! It also holds necklaces on the swirly ends at the top. It stands up all by itself well, even when loaded with jewelry. My daughters love it. I want one for myself now! <end>  Just what she wanted  Apparently, she was pleased with the earring holder. And that makes us happy. The material and workmanship seem adequate for the careful use these children give to their gifts. <end>  Earing stand  Ours had no flaws in workmanship and seems sturdy. Longer earings will dangle over the holes in the row below but don't really interfere with use. <end>  sturdy rack  Got this as a gift and it is exactly how it looks, it is sturdy and holds heavy earrings as well as delicate. Does not fall very well made and I still have room to add more sets of earrings!! <end>  This is just what I needed.  I had been looking for the best way to organize my earrings so that I can find them easily. This is perfect. It is not too big, and I can see everything at one time. I have chain necklaces hanging from the loops at the top. I really am pleased with this purchase. I ordered a round earring rack for my daughter because it holds more that this harp rack. The round one is nice, but I really like the idea that I can see everything at the same time. I would definitely recommend this to someone who wants to organize earrings. If you have a lot of long dangling earrings, you might keep looking for a different rack since the rows are less than 2 inches apart. <end>  nifty little contraption  This has more than enough room for all my earrings. I only put the ones I actually wear on this rack. The ones I don't wear I keep in a jewelry box. That way when I'm choosing outfits, I can easily view all of my earring options rather than searching through the jewelry box for something that matches. <end>  Great Product!  This earring holder is wonderful! It is economically priced, has a nice silver tone finish, is stable, and holds over 70 pairs of earrings!! <end>  Product as described  One of the holes didn't get punched out, but other than that it works just fine. Every row has a different number of holes punched. For me it makes it easier to space my longer earrings. For the price I paid, I am pretty happy with it! <end>  Beautiful earrings holder  You can put both earrings in one hole or for bigger ones, use two... handy spot for rings too.. bought the necklace holder too.. the holder has a lovely space and is much better than some of the other earing stands that i have come across.. . very stable and yet light and the silver one has a lovely finish to it.. <end>
 B000MD72EM  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Rings with Square Garnet Semi-Precious Center Stone. Please specify size  6 ||	  Very pretty  The ring is just as it looks in the picture. It's very pretty and a good bargain for the price. <end>
 B000MD8ZLG  Solid Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated 2 Piece Wedding Ring with Round Center Stone & Princess Cut Channel Set Cubic Zirconia Stones Please specify size  5 ||	  Very Beautiful  I am very pleased with his ring. I received it as promised in the best time possible. It is very beautiful and the stones very clear, just like the picture shown on the Amazon website. Thank you for sending such a beautiful ring. Telena <end>
 B000MF2WOU  14k White Gold Journey Curve Pendant (3/4 cttw, H-I Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  Gorgeous!  My husband bought this for me for our tenth wedding anniversary. It's not too big nor too small and the diamonds are brilliant. The only reason this isn't getting five stars is that the chain is WAY too flimsy for everyday wear; we had to purchase a sturdier chain. I'm told that this is a common problem, so as long as you budget for another chain buy with confidence. <end>  Very Pretty Pendant  i purchased this pendant for my wifes birthday which is coming up soon and I was very pleased with the pendant. The diamonds are very nice and the chain is better than the ones that usually come with a pendant. I'm sure my wife will love it! It's hard to find a 3/4 carat pendant as they usually come smaller or bigger! This is just a nice size. <end>  Diamond Journey Necklace  My wife loved the necklace. It is a nice size and the diamonds look great! Good price too. <end>  Journey Pendant  Bought this for my wife Christmas. Very happy with the quality. Perfect size and it beautiful. She loves it! <end>  Excellent Quality  Gave to my wife for 50th Wedding Anniversary. She loves it, and the Journey symbolism was very significant to her. The quality of Diamonds, the setting, and the safety clasp were just as we hoped for. The diamonds have excellent clarity. Thanks Amazon. <end>
 B000MF2WPE  14k White Gold Journey Curve Pendant (1 cttw, H-I Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  As Advertised - Great Value  5 stars because it is as advertised and is a terrific value.My wife is very happy with this and I do believe this is the best price you can get for these quality diamonds in this style pendant. However, I wish I could have afforded one step up (in the same size), the quality of the diamonds really aren't that great. Most probably wouldn't notice the difference, but if I had stepped up to a G color and SI clarity I'm sure we'd get more sparkle. These seem a little flat. Perhaps the cut quality isn't quite as good as others.From what I've seen, that one step up doubles the price however. So this was a good buy, just wish I could afford more (who doesn't). <end>  Great value for everyday jewelry  I was fortunate to purchase this on sale for $599. It was a gift for my wife and she was very pleased with it. To keep under $1K, I basically could have either gone up a notch in quality but cut the weight in half, or gone this route. I'm glad I went with this one. It sparkles beautifully and while the diamonds aren't perfect, they are great for necklaces and everyday wear.My only complaint is that the clasp is hard to use, even for the husband. If I had paid $1200 for it I would knock a star off but for the price I paid I can get another clasp put on and still be way ahead of anything else out there. <end>
 B000MFD9RY  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond Pave Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful necklace  I love this necklace. It is so pretty and I have gotten many compliments. Looks like the real thing! <end>  Gorgeous...  I love this necklace! What you see is what you get, it's exactly like the picture. Gorgeous!! It arrived much sooner than expected - a nice surprise. I was thrilled with the purchase, and I'm sure you will be too. <end>  Sterling Silver Pave Heart  I'm very pleased with my cubic zirconia pave heart pendant. I purchased a diamond pave pendant at a jewelry store last year, and it has a very dark, almost blackened background that I was unhappy with. This pendant is much prettier than my expensive diamond pendant. <end>  Very Tiny !. Don't recommend it.  This pendant is small, and not worth the price. You may find better deals at malls as you will know what size it is before purchasing it.Don't waste money on it. I am returning it. <end>  Very Nice Pendant  I got this pendant for my girlfriend, she loved it i think it was a very good deal to see my lady smile. <end>  I love it.  I got this for Christmas 2011. I wear it everyday and I get SO many compliments on it, all the time from random people. It's small, which is why I liked it in the first place, but it sparkles A LOT especially when the sun hits it. I LOVE it. It hasn't lost any stones and the silver is holding up like it's brand new. I have bought other pendants simliar to this one that were cheaper and they didn't hold up past a month of everyday wear... this one has! (It's been 7 months since I got it)I have it on my own chain, because I don't like the one it comes with.*The pendant is the same size as a U.S. penny <end>  Disappointed  I was disppointed in the quality of the pendant. It is flat, not solid, and there is no depth to it. Combine that with its non-dainty size, and it just plain looks cheap. I gave it to my six-year old. <end>  jewelry  It was really nice and came in very fast. Very goood service I was quite impressed. I would buy form them again. <end>  very nice jewelry  This is a very nice peice of jewelry. My wife loves it and that means she is very happy thank you. <end>  beautiful necklace  Looks much more expensive than it is. Very feminine and pretty. Good quality and nice chain. Makes a great gift! <end>  pendant  Product was nice but looked a lot better in the picture it looked "cheap" once i got it in my hand, but my wife liked it. <end>  nice and cool gift  it is not as you see it in the picture..it is so small heartshiny and good looking ..i take it as a gift for my wife and she like it so much  ) <end>  pretty  I bought this for myself initially. Then, I bought a necklace for my mother as a mother's day gift and it didn't have enough charms on it, so I added this to it. It was a nice addition. This product once recieved is nice, but I didn't like the chain it was on.This is definitely perfect as a charm for something else! <end>  beautiful  very beautiful piece of jewerly... looks so much better in person I get so many compliments when I where this necklace... <end>  Not bad for the price, but not great either  Considering such a low price, this is nice, but even though inexpensive materials were used, I would have like to see a better attempt to make something that seems to be quality made. The reverse side (which often get turned forward, due to shape of charm) is hollow, and shows very rough construction. It is obvious that the reverse side is intended to remain hidden, but due to low weigh and the shape, it often gets turned around when worn, and it it almost embarrassing, as it makes you wonder how cheap the backside of it looks to everyone else. (This info came from my fiance). <end>  Perfect  This necklace is absolutely beautiful. I have already received many compliments. It is exactly what I was looking for.. It's perfect. <end>  elegant jewelry  Divine piece of jewelry for the cost...I would recommend to anyone.....very nice presentation and quality.....I will give it an A++++++++ <end>  Beautiful Pendent Heart  Such a beautiful pendent disappointed with the chain.There was a small knot in it ? Beside that it wouldhave receive (5) star.... <end>  Below average  Small cheap and not very shiny. Made in china. Definitely returning this one, it is of subpar quality. Looks like a necklace from one of those 50 cent machines. <end>  Love it  i looks great , bought it has it a gift for my daughter , she loves it wears it all the time she is very happy with it <end>  Very Beautiful  Came on time i love the Pendant. Purchased for my Fiance and she loved it. Highly recommend to any woman or for little girls that love shiny hearts. <end>  Exactly what i expected.... a wonderful gift  this little heart i purchased sure captured my girlfriend's heart.... i bought it recently and she was soooo sooo happy she never takes it off....the Cubic Zirconia looks really nice and sparkly great simulation of real diamonds...the chain is thin and femenine 18" .... i highly recommend this product.. she ll feel appreciated <end>  Pretty  This necklace was just as it is shown in the picture. It's very pretty and comfortable with a beautiful sparkle. It's so comfortable I slept in it without any irritation. I would recommend this necklace for silver lovers. <end>  poor  about this item for my girlfriend did not like the quality of the chain the chain was not 18 inches long I would not purchase this item again knowing that the chain-link this fake it's more like eight 12" to 14" chain <end>  Pretty good for the price  It looks pretty and doesn't look like Cubic Zirconia. I had many compliments and I was very satisfied for the price I paid. <end>  Beautiful  This was a gift for my sister. And yes, she is proud of her brother for this. It came in a cheap unsophisticated pouch. Said that, the pendant glistened like it was made up of diamond when we unpacked it. It came with a thin chain as shown in the picture and no, that's not silver as it started turning black within a week of it's use. But about the pendant, it has been more than a month since my sister has been using it. And it still glistens when it catches light. I am happy with that. However, my sister guards it with her life. She removes it when she goes to bath though. So, the pendant has not come in contact with water much. I can't say how water would affect it.All in all, it's a fair deal. Very ideal for a humble gift. <end>  Gorgeous  I bought this necklace for my mother not too long before Christmas and she absolutely loved it, she wears it every day and it has not broken. The chain was pretty thin but I recommend it for adults. It got here just in time for me to leave to visit her. Overall it was a great buy. <end>  cheap chain but good price for the charm  This was a Christmas gift for my son's girlfriend and I love the charm. The chain that came with it was cheap but the price is good for the charm. I ordered another chain and it looks beautiful. <end>  Ants in the package  The necklace was fine, as well as the pendant. It did not come in a very nice box, and there were about 20 ants when I opened the package it came in. <end>  Pave Heart Pendant  The Pendant is beautiful - nicer in person than the photo online. It was delivered quickly & well packaged. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Shiny Objects  Being a constant multi-tasker and always in the hurry mode, I saw the heart necklace on line, read a few reviews, and stopped the search...all good. It arrived quickly and the first surprise was its size--quite small and petite (I did expect bigger; sometimes, size really does matter!). Next I removed the tiny link chain..it had to go. I found one of my several favorite sterling chains, paired it with my diamond earrings and voilah! Gorgeous! I had many comments, I know, thinking they were real diamonds since the sparkle is competitive with the real bling. My advice is check the size so you know (about 1/2" at the widest) what you are getting. Otherwise, it is pretty and very sparkly. We do love our shiny objects!I polish it with a jewelry cloth each time I wear it for maximum shiny...a must with silver. <end>  Very cute  This is very cute, simple and in a way elegant. Its very feminine because its not too big and not too small, just right! <end>  My Neice loved it!!  Love this necklace. I've had several necklace's over the years, but this is by far one of the best. I purchased one for my necie's 13th birthday and decided to get one for myself. I'm so happy that I did. We both love them. The quality and craftmanship of the heart is great, but the necklace is a little thin. I can always purchase a better necklace, but overall it's great. <end>  Overall Nice Piece, but could have used a back  I got this for my girlfriend as nice, inexpensive gift. Overall, it's pretty nice.The CHAIN is very thin but seems fairly durable so I don't think it will break easy.The PENDANT is very nice but smallish. It looks great and very elegant on the front half. It is very well done and presents itself that way as well.The ONLY ISSUE is there is no back to the pendant. The inner area of the pendant bows outward from the border and due to the light wait of the pendant, it'd be nice if the back looked a little better.Also, the PACKAGING wasn't the best. It's just about a 4x4 inch white box with a foam insert that is incorrectly cut too small. Then in a large microfiber pouch is the necklace. It could have been presented better.Overall, it's a nice, inexpensive gift that's worth the price. But if you can, you may want to look at a slightly more expensive piece without the minor issues. <end>  Gf present  My girlfriend loved it so I would say it was great. It was a great Christmas present for her because she loves heart shaped jewelry. <end>  Stunning Heart  I live in the UK but couldn't find this on Amazon.co.uk. I decided to buy here. I really was not disappointed. It arrived vrey quickly and in quite a big outer box so there was no way it would get damaged.The necklace for me is just the perfect size and it looks stunning on. I did put it on my own chain but that is only because I like to wear a shorter length. If you are not sure all I say is order it, you have nothing to lose but I don't think you will return it. Very pretty, very sparkly, very real looking. <end>  Blingy Hearts  I like hearts and pave sparkle. When I saw this necklace I thought it might be something I could wear as an everyday piece of jewelry. I purchased the earrings so I would have a set. It is a very nice set. Not too big or bold. Perfect to wear for a little shine, sparkle around the neck and face. <end>  It's nice.  I bought this for my special lady friend and I plan to give it to her when I fly up to see her but upon receiving it, I realized that the chain is really small for any adult. It's more of a child's chain. But being that I don't like returning things, the chain itself is the perfect length to just wrap around a few times and make it into a bracelet.The heart charm itself is very pretty and definitely eye catching.For the price, there's not really any reason to complain.This would be perfect as a random non-special event present to get someone. <end>  Very Pretty!  I think this is a beautiful necklace for the price. It seems to be good quality and it just sparkles. Love it! <end>  Absolutely beautiful!!  I received this as a Christmas gift from my 10 year old son and it is just stunning! It is very shiny and beautiful, the pictures don't even begin to do it justice. <end>  Gorgeous !  Buy with Confidence. Arrived on time and my daughter was very impressed with the look and quality. It looks very expensive <end>  She loves it  My girl friend is happy with itShe like the color and the design ,She hope the the stones in it will not fall . <end>  Beautiful!  This was a gift for a friend who loves hearts. She absolutely loved it and raved about how beautiful it was. She couldn't believe I got it from Amazon. She's going to start shopping here too! <end>  Sterling silver pave CD heart  This is a very nice looking pendant. It is not very expensive but looks like it could cost 10 Times what it cost. It appears to be of high quality and is durable. <end>  I did not recived the same itmes i have ordered  I have oredered this item and i have recived completelly a different item, i have got the earrings ..... os mad at this purchase <end>  Looks real......  this pendant is awesome, looks real and well worth the money . I wear it casual and dressy. It has good weightand has great sparkle .... worth it .... get it ! <end>  Very nice for the price!  Bought this for a Christmas present along with the matching earrings (http //www.amazon.com/Sterling-Silver-Cubic-Zirconia-Earrings/dp/B000MFGN7M/ref=pd_bxgy_jw_text_z). These were very well received. The cubic zirconia have great sparkle and the silver sets them off well. For the price, this is tough to beat. <end>  Very nice piece!  This heart looks very &#34;real&#34;...perfect size and quality is very nice. I put it on a different chain then the one that came with it as it was a shorter, thin one. <end>  Very happy!  Just what I expected. I was very satisfied when I opened the package and saw exactly what was advertised. They look more expensive then they were. Get the earrings too. <end>
 B000MFGN68  Sterling Silver Genuine Butterfly Pendant Necklace, 18" ||	  Dainty and Feminine  I bought this for one of our daughters (middle school aged) who is quite petite, and I thought this delicate-looking necklace would look very pretty on her.While it is quite dainty and feminine, there are a couple of things I think could be better. First, the wings could be a bit more defined. Given the very small pendant size, they just need a tad bit more definition. Second, the small necklace chain itself is so very lightweight -(it's the kind that tangles easily)- that I feel the need to replace it at some point soon.Other than those two things, I like it. More importantly, she likes it, so it was a good purchase. <end>  Smaller then expected  I was disappointed with the size of the pendant. I suppose I should have looked closer at the description. My wife does love it though and it's very beautiful, if small. <end>  Do not buy it!  Put it mildly, the difference between the picture and the real thing is day and night. The actual product is tiny, dull, and cheap looking. A total waste of money. Will never buy from them again. I gave it two stars because it's shipping was fast. <end>  Cute child's necklace  Very cute and tiny necklace for child -- looks just like picture. Chain gets tangled a bit easily, but can be undone with straight pin. <end>  Nice but smaller than expected.  Well made but smaller than expected. My teanage daughter liked it and it worked for her petite 5'2"size but it's not for a larger person. <end>  Butterfly or Lady Bug  This is a beautiful butterfly....however....it's barely the size of ladybug! Again I've learned you must read every detail about a product before buying it because looks are definitely deceiving. <end>  Perfect gift purchase  Besides the fantastic price, my girlfriend hasn't taken it off since she got it! It's simple, small, and beautiful. She gets constant compliments on it. <end>  disappointed  i was really disappointed it was so small. im a larger lady and it just wouldnt have looked right on me. i gave it to my son to give to his girlfriend. she is 17 and alot smaller than me so it looked good on her. it would look best on someone small or a young girl. maybe for a first communion gift or grade school graduation gift but i wouldnt recommend it for an adult. <end>  Very disappointed!  For the price I certainly wasn't expecting fine jewelry. Two were purchased for my two young (9 and 11) nieces. The amethyst in the two I received was almost invisible; the entire butterfly is about 1/3 the size of the one in the Amazon photo. Like I said -- I wasn't expecting fine jewelry, but I was expecting a reasonable match to what was advertised. I have returned the items and expect no trouble receiving a refund, as that is one thing Amazon is unmatched in...refunds for unacceptable product. <end>  Dainty  Based on the description and reviews from others, I bought this knowing it would be dainty, I was not disappointed. I bought this as a Christmas present as I couldn't pass up the price, so the recipient (daughter in law) has not yet seen it. Hoping she likes it as much as I do. <end>  A Small Surprise  Upon opening the package I was a surprised at how small it was. And I should have known. By way of comparison, a dime would be bigger. Other than that, it was exactly as pictured, and the wife loved it. That being the most important criteria, I'm happy. <end>  Small but pretty  The picture for this pendant is deceiving; it is a lot smaller than it appears. I know the dimensions were given but the picture gives one the impression that it is bigger than it really is. Nevertheless, my wife likes it very much and that's good enough for me. The price was right at $18.00 so overall I think it was a good buy. <end>  I think this maybe was intended for a little girl  I purchase this for my girlfriend but when I get the Butterfly Pendant I realize that it was too little. it appear to be design for a little girl not for an adult person definitely. I include some customer images because the image amazon provide wont give you a good idea of the size. In fact the color of that one and the one I got is totally different. Mine is pail and the one in the amazon photo is like a deep blue. The color is not that bad but the size kill it for me. Also the chain is really thin and flimsy. I can't give this to my girlfriend... total waste of money. <end>  Way too small  This pendant is so small it's suitable for a child not an adult. I didn't expect it to be as big as the picture on amazon's site but the item turned out so much smaller I was really disappointed. It's a beautiful little butterfly. Heavy emphasis on little. Amazon needs to let people know how small it is so person can make an informed decision. <end>  Way to small  After reading some reviews that this was suitable for a child because of its small size I went and bought this for my 10 year old niece, AND LET ME TELL YOU this is WAY TO SMALL, IT IS ABOUT THE SIZE OF A LITTLE GIRLS PINKY NAIL AND THE CHAIN IS AN ACCIDENT WAITING TO BREAK ITS FLIMSY STRUCTURE. THIS MAY BE SUITABLE for a 5 year old but then the chain would be to long, its worth about 12 dollars not [...] or [...].The only bright spot is amazons quick shipping and service which i never have a problem with. Im thinking of returning it as even the 10 year oldis not happy with it, She says its nice, but you could tell shes not overjoyed with it,ohh well ill never buy another piece of jewley from here as you really have to see it live and in person. SAVE YOUR MONEY.P.S I really hate writting bad reviews so now im gonna go and give a great review on a wine decanter i bought from amazon that was really great.Have a good day and go to a flea market or county fair for something like this.The Dom <end>  Saml and could you ship any worse?  It is small! But that's OK my wife doesn't like big pendents. However it was sent just thrown in a velvet bag, which was in a box, in a larger box. It obviously had gotten thrown around so much that when I took it out of the bag to examine it, the chain was in 3 or 4 knots. I'm still working on getting then out without breaking the chain. Hopefully I can do it in time to give it as a gift. <end>  Cute gift  This makes a cute gift for a ten-year-old. The pictures give a clear idea of what to expect, and the recipient loved it. <end>  Great Price.  The necklace arrived in a blue "velvet" pouch, then in a blue box. It's a sweet little butterfly, looks just like the picture. Terrific price. <end>  very funny  Upon arrival, in huge blue box and huge blue bag, when I saw the little tiny pendant, all I could do is crack up, I know the dimension but my gosh, how tiny it is...See if my friend like this for her Christmas present.I think it will look better if it comes in a small ring box, then it won't look so tiny. <end>  Great Color  Ordered this for my daughters 9th birthday, it's her birthstone.1- the pendant is small, but it has a beautiful apple green color. The stones sparkle. The silver is polished and very bright. It's packaged very securely. The only reason I'm giving this 4starts instead of 5, is that the chain had a horrible knot in it, that took about 20 minutes and 2 sets of tweezers to get out.Very pretty. <end>  AMAZING BUY  I wasn't too sure about buying jewelry online but I took the plunge. It came in a dark blue box with a velvet like pouch inside. I held my breath as I opened the pouch......Amazing! The necklace looked exactly as pictured here. The quality was amazing especially when factoring in the price. Why buy fake jewelry when you can get the real thing at these prices? This was purchased as a gift for a younger relative and are best suited for the younger crowd or petite.I am at a loss over the complaints. The measurements are posted and accurate. The photo is magnified to show the detail. If you are expecting the photo to be life size you will be disappointed. Check the measurements listed for more information. <end>  Blue Topaz Butterfly  I was not overly impressed. In the picture it looks like the stones are all blue. In reality, it looks like they are edged in blue and the middle of the wings are clear glass. <end>  Gifts  Sent to a different state but she Loved it. this set number of words is a real drag. Both were gifts <end>  Nice equipment  Verry good deal, I choose this rating because those were cheap than other of the same size. Off course I will recomend it <end>  very pretty  It is a bit smaller than I had thought, but is very pretty. It is a gift for my daughter for her 21st birthday. I think that she will like it very much. <end>  Small, delicate, nice  It is not very big but the butterfly is small and is very beautiful with a slight hint of blue. i would recommend this piece to someone looking to purchase a gift for their wife or girlfriend. Its not an engagement or anniversary type of gift though. <end>  Beautifulll  Relax, only very small... Amatista is a beautiful rock precious. Recomend purchase for gif a women of love. Thank you Amazon. Sorry my Bad English <end>  Very nice  The necklace was a gift for my granddaughter, It's a beautiful tiny butterfly and she loved it. It is well made and will last for years to come. <end>  Great idea.  This was a last minute idea for my daughter in law who loves purple and silver. Now I hope to find more like this one. <end>  Sterling Silver Amethyst Butterfly Pendant  On line this product looked to be for an adult but when it was received was more for a child so we gave it to a grandchild rather than the adult we intended it for. <end>  amethyst Butterfly pendant  my wife really likes it, she seldom takes it off. good value for the money.it was smaller than i thought it would be, i did not look at the size carefully enough.the pendant has gotten caught around the clasp twice now for my wife. <end>  Are you Serious???  This thing is too mall to even be a charm on a bracelet. The item is 10x SMALLER than the picture. This item gets NO stars and I will not purchase anything from this seller again. <end>  Unhappy  Not only was the size a disappointment but the fact that the chain was so knotted when I received it, it was impossible to use. The only solution is to buy a new chain for a very small butterfly pendant for which I have already paid $15.00. What a rip-off. <end>  Glad I read reviews!  I'm glad I read the reviews here - I wanted to buy this and the earrings for my daughter's 10th birthday later this month (it's her birthstone), and from what I'm reading it's sized just right for a child. I'll definitely get them now - thanks! <end>  amethyst pendant too small  This pendant is very tiny. I was very disappointed in the size. Would be good for a small child but not an adult. <end>  Didn't like  The Butterfly was so small you couldn't hardly see it. I thought it would be more like the picture of it in the catalog. I was very disapointed.Doug Hines <end>  Really Small  I thought it would be bigger but when I opened it, it was really small. It is probably as big as my pinky nail <end>  a little small  Looking at the picture its looks great, but the butterfly ended up being a little smaller than I thought. It still a very pretty necklace and my wife loved it. <end>  Perfect for baby girl  even though I read the reviews I was still shocked with how small this was. Fast shipping and still a beautiful piece. Perfect for a very young girl <end>  Shocked at how minute it was  It looked like it would be bigger and would be a pendant to fit my omega chain necklace. Not even close! Its size is maybe half the size of a woman's pinkie fingernail. Its TINY!!! Its still cute but has no weight to it and flips over it fit to snuggly (as the necklace does on my neck so I had to use a different chain). <end>  Butterfly Pendant  I was a bit disappointed about the size of this pendant.I got it as a present for a friend but it seems so smallthat I think it more appropriate for a child. It is abeautiful pendant. <end>  sophisticated gift for a little girl  i got this for my friend's 3-year old daughter. it's tiny, so it's perfect for a child, and not that much more expensive than "play" jewelry. why not give them real silver instead of plastic.  ) <end>  necklace  Amazon you need to please put the right size when you advertize a product. That necklace is SMALL. Like for a child. Not an adult. <end>  Very Small!  I originaly purchased this as a Christmas gift for my ten year old neice to match a pair of amethyst earrings I gave her the year before. I was very disappointed with the size - I didn't expect it to be large but this was tiny. I ended up giving it to my four year old neice who loves to wear my jewelery when she visits. It is the perfect size for her, if that tells you anything! <end>  Adorable  This is the tiniest,most adorable,most delicate necklace I have ever seen.I absolutely love it.The chain is a great match.Your discription left nothing out. <end>  Better than I expected  I originally ordered this for a work gift exchange - the limit was $[...]. However, I liked it so much I decided to give to my 12 year-old daughter for Christmas. She LOVED it! She was so excited to have some 'grown-up' jewelry.For $[...] I was expecting something worthy of WalMart or Claire's, but this was quite nice. The chain was very pretty & sparkly & the pendant itself seemed made well & the stones were a nice violet/purple color.I see where other reviewers complain of the size - but for $[...] - what do you expect? The funny thing is I actually received a very expensive butterfly pendant as a gift from an ex-boyfriend many years ago - and I like this one selling on Amazon MUCH better - its a prettier color IMO - and THE SAME SIZE! <end>  Butterfly  I have enjoyed wearing my little Butterfly (I collect them) I found the chain to be too long for me so I changed it to a shorter 14 inch SS box chain, I do recommend this piece to others, it would also be a nice piece for a child. <end>  Decent  Cute, simple, and nice. Somehow imagined it a bit bigger but nonetheless a great gift. My RA loved it. Recommended for people looking for something not too expensive or big. <end>  Worth the price, but for a younger girl  I bought this for my mom for Mother's Day because she loves butterflies and the color purple. The price is a steal for a necklace such as this, but soon after I ordered it I looked at other pictures of this product. It is a really small pendant. My mom loved it regardless, but this is better suited for a daughter or a young adult. Overall, it is a good product, great price, but a little too small. <end>  Perfect Surprise  I ordered this as a surprise for a friend that lives in another state. She was thrilled with the size, color and how it fit on her neck. I personally liked the simplicity of the butterfly and how charming it looked and how it wasn't too big or gaudy. Id buy it again and you can not beat the price!! <end>  childrens pendant  This pendant is cute, but it will feet just for little girls, i dont like big jewerly,but it is too small even for me and chain is very thin. <end>  Disappointed  I was disappointed when I received the necklace because the Amethyst Butterfly was so very small. I mean really small!! <end>  You forgot to include the microscope  When I first saw the pendant I thought it would be perfect for my wife. It arrived on time and I couldn't wait to give it to my wife. Imagine my surprise when I opened the package and found that you had forgotten the Microscope so that my wife and I could see it. <end>  TINY butterfly  This necklace butterfly is small, very small. I have bought butterflies at Kohl's for less but much prettied. I am to ashamed of this item to give as a gift. <end>  AWESOME  These were a gift for my aunt and she absolutely loved them & cant stop talking about them.Thank you greatly <end>  It is pretty, but too small.  I bought this butterfly necklace pendant for my wife as a Christmas present. The little butterfly is cute and pretty. However, I was a bit disappointed as to how tiny that butterfly is. <end>  butterfly pendant  very disappointed- to send it back, but it states there is a restocking fee. Tiny little butterfly. Child size. Picture was very misleading.I would not recommend this. <end>  Pretty but tiny  I found this pendant to be very pretty...however the size was much smaller than I expected. I should have done the metric conversion carefully and not relied on the image provided. I think this is a great piece for a little girl, but not necessarily an adult. <end>  Sterling Silver Amethyst Butterfly Pendant  This was purchased as a gift. I thought it was beautiful, and the recipient appeared to really like it also. <end>  lindasusanmanning  I'm extremely disappointed in its size. I should have read other reviews before making my purchase. Its cheap looking and very very small. Dont waste your money. <end>  Lovely Micro-Butterfly  Wow, its small. I thought it was going to be at least the size of a dime but no... smaller. At first I couldn't find it in the small black (velvet?) bag it came in but after feeling around (in the Little Black Bag)the Sterling Silver Amethyst Butterfly Pendant dropped gently on the bed. I was afraid to give it to my wife but when she saw it she fell in love with it "instantly." Guys, I think this is a good buy if your strapped for cash, she hasn't taken it off yet. <end>  beautiful but very small  Got this for my wife on her birthday last year. It's a beautiful piece but it's VERY small. The picture is about a x4 magnification. <end>  good, but the pendant is smaller than it appear in the pic  the jewel is very beautiful and kilty but i forgor to see the dimensions.the pendant is very small. but is very beautiful.it's a good product. perfect for girls between 16 - 28 <end>  Not what I expected!!!  I did not read any reviews first but if I had I would not have bought this. It is a deceiving picture. The chain looks to be somewhat tough but is actually very thin and cheap. The butterfly is TINY. I was very dissapointed with this purchase. It is being returned. <end>  Should Have Read the Reviews  Unfortunately I bought the thing before I read the reviews. It is lovely but oh so tiny. Also it irritates me to find that others bought it for $18 and I paid $25 - on sale. Oh well, live and learn. It is beautiful but a disappointing gift for an adult. <end>  pretty but super tiny  This is a pretty little necklace that comes in a black fake velvet bag in a gift box. It's cute but it's minuscule. I bought it for a 5yr. old. I'll give it to her because I bought a lot of other jewelry for her, but if I had seen it in the store I would never have purchased it because it's so tiny. <end>  Sterling Silver Amethyst Butterfly Pendant  I was really disappointed in the size of the butterfly. It's really tiny. I had expected something a little bigger, since I purchased it for an adult. It's to be a Christmas for a family member who likes butterflies and amethyst is the birthstone. At least those 2 points matched. I wouldn't recommend it. <end>  Not as big as portrayed.  This necklace is &#34;cute&#34;. Better for a young girl or petite woman. Very small, about the size of a pencil erasure on the end of a real pencil. Bought this for my 20 yo granddaughter because it is her birthstone. Will add a spark of dazzle, but just a spark. Shipping was fast, but I am not that impressed with the necklace. <end>  not bad  the whole necklace over all feels pretty sturdy but man is the pendant small lol other than the tiny pendant its a pretty nice necklace <end>  Pretty but small  This necklace is very beautiful, but it is so small that I wouldn't have bought it had I seen it in person. The chain is short and the butterfly is the size of a pencil eraser. <end>  Sterling Silver Amethyst Butterfly Pendant, 18&#34; Review  I bought this gift for my mother for Christmas along with the matching earrings. I noticed at first glance that the pendant was really small.......like smaller than the matching earrings. Its not a deal breaker though. For the price its good quality though i gotta say now that ive had a chance to think about it this product is probably better for a little girl. Honestly the pendant is so small no one is going to notice what the heck it is unless your up close to it. With that said its still a cute pendant and im glad i got it for her. <end>  REALLY small charm  The necklace looks like it's silver but in my opinion the charm mount looks fake. And the charm is TINY. I am so embarassed to give this as an xmas gift to an adult <end>  Cute little necklace  I bought this necklace for my little 5 year old. other reviews said that i was small but i was surprised at how small it really was. For a 5 year old, its perfect. its very cute and i know she will love it. but i would not get it for myself. it should be labeled that its for children <end>  Too small  item in picture looks bigger and once i got it and opened pacage i realized it was too small but still i like it and it will make a good gift. <end>  Not horrible, but not great.  This was a bit smaller than I thought it would be and because the amethysts are a bit dull and not all of the same hue, it doesn't show as well as I had hoped. Because the pendant is so small, the chain should be shorter. Two and half stars is what I would actually give <end>  Where is the rest of it?  In a word, Tiny. It's smaller than the nail on my pinky, and I don't have big hands. It must have been a great camera that could capture so much detail from something so small. If I had 2 of them then perhaps they could be converted to small earrings but this WILL NOT work as a present to my girlfriend as I intended. I guess my 11 year old niece can have it.Also, the feature that is most prominent on the back of this pendant is the big "MADE IN CHINA" engraving. It really adds to the value..The longer I write this review the more cheated I feel. There is no way this item was ever over $40! It's worse than the quality you would get at Walmart for $15. The "sale" price is nothing more than full retail. <end>  Pretty and dainty, perfect for a child  I purchased this for my 2 1/2 yr old daughter. It is very pretty and dainty. It is not very big but it is big enough for a girl her age. The chain is light but for the price this is a nice buy. <end>  Nice gift.  You get what you pay for. This is a nice pendant, but the chain is very very fine (thin) and was in a complex knot when opened and took me 20 minutes to untangle. Other than that, item was nice. <end>  Too small  I thought this item was going to be much larger, but it's maybe 1/2 inch in diameter at most. Not pleased at all <end>  too small  This is a TINY little butterfly. I was very disappointed. I bought this as a gift for my best friend and was ashamed to give it to her. <end>  Butterfly necklace  As mentioned in previous reviews, it is small...but beautiful. I purchased this for my 11 yr old granddaughter for Christmas and she loved it! I wouldn't recommend this for an adult however, since it is very small. For the price, you can't beat it! <end>  kind of small but looks great  It looks very small but the craftsmanship is impeccable. got it as a gift for mom and she liked it so much, she put it on immediately after opening up the box. <end>  Sterling Silver Amethyst Pendant  Beautiful little necklace! I bought it for my niece, but it's pretty enough I could have given it to someone older. Actually thought of re-ordering one for myself! <end>  Minature Butterfly for child  I got this as a gift for my adult sister. It is WAY too small for an adult. It is pretty but purchase for a young girl 10-14 only. <end>  beautiful necklace but very dainty.  I love the Necklace as did my daughter but it was very weak and broke within a week. I would buy another one but put it on another chain. <end>  My thoughts  The chain is kinda cheap and the butterfly is wicked small. Good for a kid. Definitely not worth that much money. <end>  Not satisfied  This neckless is far smaller than it appeared. We had nothing to compare it to-- if we had known, we would not have bought it <end>  Pleased - somewhat.  I am very pleased with the appearance, rapid service, and handling the product received. I got it on short notice, in plenty of time for Valentines Day, but in my haste, I didn't realize it was almost microscopic in size. I will look much closer at the item before ordering anything like this again. <end>  Picture deceiving and not for Adults more for a CHILD.  I bought this for my wife as a separate package deal with the matching earrings. But when they arrived the necklace was to SMALL as for a child. It will not look good on an adult IMHO. Sent back to Amazon and got full credit.Thanks Amazon dot com. <end>  Misleading picture  If you look at the picture of the item it looks much larger than it actually is. When it arrived, there was no way a grown woman could wear it, you could hardly see the butterfly. I ended up selling it to someone who had a little girl with a birthday in February. I lost money since I sold it for $10 and paid $17 plus shipping. The ad should at least have a notation such as  picture shown is 25 times larger than actual size. <end>  Butterfly Pendant  I was disapointed when this arrived, I expected it to be a little larger. The amethyst and butterfly pin was so small I had trouble telling it was a butterflySterling Silver Amethyst Butterfly Pendant, 18" <end>  Nice product, good quality but smaller then a dime. 1/2" or less  From the web page this looked like 1" inch butterfly. When I got it and opened it was only 1/4 to 1/2" inch in diameter. I was a little disappointed by the size. I don't know if a adult womanwould wear something this small.Rick S.Mpls, MN <end>  Too small  The butterfly is very nice, but the only problem is that it is way too small. You cannot see it. I should have read the reviews  ( <end>  Wrong order received.  Sterling Silver Amethyst Butterfly Pendant, 18"What I received was a flower shaped cheaper necklace and it was so tangled up that I spent an hour to untangle it. <end>  Tiny terrible product  I guess I expected a small pendant on a silver chain and what I received was a very very tiny pendant on a chain. I was disappointed because this was a Valentine's day present. I will probably give this product as a gift to my granddaughter who is tiny. This will be the last jewelry I will purchase from Amazon! <end>  small  small is putting it lightly, its tiny. It comes with a tiny linked chain that tangles very easily. I know cause mine came out of the bag so tangled that it took an hour to get it straight. Its not a big pendant at all its smaller than parts I have broken off my fingernails. Don't be thinking you are getting a large pendant the photo is blown up several times to show detail. Detail you can't see on the real thing without a magnifing glass. While very small it is also very delicate. Its not going to be huge for the price (i knew that before I ordered) and it makes a great gift for someone that is into butterflys. Its something they would never pick out for them selves, but are happy to have given to them. I bought it as PART of a valentine gift and I already know she is going to like it.So if you are thinking its big its not. If you are thinking the chain is going to be strong and worth allot its not. But if you are thinking of something small and delicate to wrap around the neck of someone special as a part of a gift its worth the price.If it didn't tangle so easily I would have went with the five star rating. <end>  Tiny But Lovely  Necklace is so tiny,(but very pretty) it's better suited for a child than an adult.I bought a couple for two of my young nieces and was a little embarrassed at the small size.But the girls were both thrilled so that's all that matters. <end>  Microscopic  I got this for my mother as a gift, and I wish I could have read these other reviews before I bought it. I have never seen such a tiny chain and pendant. For $25, it is ridiculous. <end>  Delicate and pretty  I purchased this necklace as a gift and think it is a beautiful and dainty piece of jewelery. Yes, as some reviewers stated, it is small. The description states that the pendant is 10mm by 10mm...translation  small! It is perfect size for a young lady or a petite woman. I especially like how well the stones seem to be set and really appreciate the bail on the pendant being large enough to accomodate a satin cord necklace or other necklace with larger diameter than the one shipped with the pendant. A very good purchase in my book! <end>  Small but special, Great for a low price!  I think that this is a great product, but keep in mind the small size. The dimensions that are given are accurate, but the picture is about at 4 times magnification. Bear in mind the chain is a bit weak, and that the butterfly will be small. For the price it is a good buy, however, and it made my gf really happy. <end>  Much more tiny than I expected  The butterfly was so much smaller than I expected. I did not see the size until my niece took it out of the box. She acted pleased but I thought she may have been hiding what she really thought. I was very disappointed. My niece is 27 years old and the necklace was more the size for a small child, yet far to small to be safe for very small children.It would be great to have an idea of what size jewelry pieces are before you buy. Use some kind of size meter or on screen measuring method. <end>  Small, but beautiful (my mother loves it)  I purchased this necklace along with the earrings as a gift for my mom for Mother's day. True, I was surprised by the size, but it all worked out in the end because my mother loves small jewelry. To be perfectly honest, I was afraid it would be too big. My mother greatly dislikes heavy necklaces and earring as she finds them distracting. The butterfly on both the necklace and the earrings is the same size - ruffly the size of a dime.This set had well-cut medium to light stones with no visible occlusions. The metal work seems sturdy for its size, and the chain seems rather delicate. I may look into a new chain, as I am not truly confident in the one shipped.AS A SIDE NOTE  It is a VERY good idea to purchase a separate chain when buying a piece over the internet, in person if you can. The same applies to having spare earing backs in the appropriate metal, which can be purchased through jewelry supple sites (every woman should have some spares on hand!). if there are nics or dull spots and you are not comfortable polishing the metal yourself (this can be an affect of the casting process) most jewelers will be more then happy to do it for you for a small fee... just make sure to accompanyany polishing that is done to very valuable pieces!NOT TO SELLERS/AMAZON  Please, please, PLEASE include dimensions. Even better, place a recognizable object (currency works well) next to the piece that is of relative size so that the buyer has a very clear idea of what they are buying. They will thank you for it by having more confidence in the size of the piece, thus making your goods more attractive! <end>  Silver butterfly  this look great in person, i would recommend getting a longer and heavier chain when you get this however. the chain it comes with is a little short for most adults and is a little light, it might be easy to break. other wise my wife loved it. <end>  Perfect for a young girl!  I just love this little butterfly necklace that I gave my 10 yr. old daughter for Christmas. She has a Feb. birthday and the amethyst is her birthstone. The butterfly is small but very pretty. Better for a young girl than an adult. <end>  Pretty!  My husband bought this for me for Christmas, and I love it. It is very dainty, and I wear it all the time. It does not interfere with everyday life and it is comfortable and unobtrusive to wear. I have received several compliments on it. I think it is also suitable for young girls to wear as well. <end>  VERY TINY but still nice...  I bought this originally for an ex-girlfriend as a possible little trinket in addition to other Christmas gifts, but after receiving it in the mail I decided to give it to my 9 year old daughter for her birthday because it was laughably too small to give as a gift to my girlfriend. It was still a nice little gift though for my daughter. She LOVED it... <end>  Smaller and lighter than shown  It is very tiny, but it is nice. I purchased it with my daughter in mind. It could work for kids, but it seems very delicate. There is a stamp saying "China" on the back of the butterfly. <end>  Cute Pendant  This butterfly pendant is small but very cute. I gave it to my friend and she liked it, so if you want to safe some money and still give a good gift to someone special, then this is the gift for you. <end>  Necklace  We got the necklace in a very timely manner. Service was excellent and speedy. HOwever, the actual butterfly was much smaller than we expected so we were somewhat disappointed. It is beautiful and should look nice around my daughter's neck. <end>  Should be bigger  Of the set  necklace, earrings, ring, this is the only one I find to be wrongly sized. The butterfly on the ring is larger, this should be around the size of the ring. Otherwise, it is still pretty. <end>  Too small to tell it's a butterfly  Plenty of sparkle, but so small can't determine it's shape. I am returning. Was supposed to be a gift for my grand daughter. <end>  Lovely  My husband give it to me as a present, it is lovely, I really like how it looks on my neck. Looks good for a formal or informal clothe. <end>  more champagne than citrine  I was looking for a small, charming necklace that I could sleep in without being strangled, and I could shower in without it rusting, and that I could wear with most jewelry without a clash. This necklace is perfect. I wish it were more true to color as that was the initial reason I purchased. <end>  Celebrating life w live Butterfly release 1/3 to 1/4 dime size  A birthday,Wedding, or Celebrating someones life, I recommend giving this as a memory present. For kids under 14. 1/3 to 1/4 th the size of a dime. Maybe 3-4 mm. Extremely small,a miniature miniature. Think about the size of a pearl. I went to Tiffany s to compare, they wanted $165for small pendant. Their chain was cheaply made and worse then this chain. I would consider buying a thicker necklace in silver,or buy a medium width charm bracelet to hang the charm on.It is beautiful, great color and a precious thought. You may want to give after if you choose a live butterfly release. Click on pick to see,alternative ones.Native American LegandsButterflies have special meanings in numerous different cultures and religions throughout the world. <end>  Butterfly Pendant  Beautiful Necklace. The Pendant itself is very strong. The chain is not a great chain, won't last long. Pendant is a nice size. It was a Speedy delivery. Overall I like the piece. <end>  Delicate and pretty....love butterflies!  Thank you for the prompt delivery! Can't wait to wear my new pendant!I might buy the matching earings sometime in the near future -)Sincerely,Shannon <end>  butterfly  Much smaller than I thought it would be. I had bought it for an adult but now will save it for a child. <end>  great gift for young lady  I purchased these Butterfly Pendants as gifts. I was a little disappointed with the small size. They where,however,lovely, with a brilliant silver chain and siver setting for the beautiful purple stones. <end>  too little  I really don't like it. It is really small but the pic in amazon shows a nice butterfly. Photos should show a real size of each pendant. If i were known how small it is, i wouldn't buy it. <end>  cute for a little girl  We bought one of these to give our four-year-old and one to give as a birthday gift. The pendant is a great size for a little girl, but the 18" chain is a little long. <end>  Looks can be deceiving...  The item is a lot smaller than indicated. This was a gift for my 12 y/o daughter who liked the gift but who remarked,"its small". She has worn it and gotten some compliments regarding its simplicity. Perhaps it is better suited for someone younger. <end>  amethyst necklass  Was dissapointed in this product. Very very small. I probably didnt read the discreption so well, but it is really small so read carefully if you want to actually see it while wearing it. <end>  Exactly as pictured!  I purchased 2 of these for my young grandchildren. They are exactly as pictured, tiny but pretty. Would certainly purchase again for a child or teen. <end>  Necklace  I ordered this for a friend (adult) and it was very small so I ended up giving it to my granddaughter. A lovely gift for a child. It is beautiful. <end>  Gone, but Not Forgotten!  I had one of these a few months ago, and it was evidently stolen by a maid in a hotel where I had stayed. I loved it so much that I had no choice but to order another. The second one I received is beautiful, but does not have the same color variation that the first one had. I miss my first one, but definitely will enjoy having another. I hope the person who received my other one appreciates and enjoys it as much as I did. <end>  The recipient loved it... UNTIL...  As many people have said, it is smaller then you might think, however, that was not the problem. My problem is that after wearing the chain for less then 3 days, it broke at the silver weld attaching the chain to the fastener. So in this case it will cost more to repair then to buy another one.Disappointed? Yes. Quality of the work and the look of the material is high. <end>  Dainty!  We got it hoping it would match a purple sweater we also got as a gift and they go together beautifully. <end>  Beautiful  This was a gift for a bright and loveable daughter, who needs no encouragement to do what she does and how well she does it <end>  alison's present  It looked good online and my daughterinlaw was very pleased with it.What more can I say; it was agreat buy. <end>  Tiny! but pretty  )  The butterfly is MUCH smaller than I anticipated but it is still very pretty and worth the price. The dimensions are listed in the product details so take care to pay attention if you are looking for a particular size! <end>  So tiny....  This product was worth about $5, if that, and was so small you needed a maganifying glass to see it - the chain was also very cheap. Amazon needs to take a look at their jewelry offers with a closer eye. I returned it. <end>  Butterfly Pendant  It was much smaller than it looked like in the picture and the silver necklace seemed to be of poorer quality than expected. <end>  A GIFT  THE RING CAME WITH NO PROBLEMS. IT IS A VERY PRETTY. IT MAYBE SMALL. THE YOUNG LADY I GOT IT FOR LOVES IT. IT'S A PERFECT GIFT FOR A YOUNG LADY. <end>  Absolutely beautiful!  This was a present for my mother who's favorite color is green. The quality was excellent and it was very elegant. The green is just lovely. <end>  Satisfied  I was very satisfied with a product. shipping was very fast during Christmas time. even though it was a small item my wife smiled ear to ear. <end>  Silver, Garnet Butterfly Pendant  This pendant is very pretty and looks nice worn with mock and/or turtle neck sweaters. An inexpensive piece of jewelry which is a nice addition to other pieces. <end>  Beautiful but Breakable  I got this necklace for my girlfriend a year ago and she loved it! It looked great on her, but within a year of light wear, the stone fell out of the setting. If it hadn't broken, it would be 5 stars for sure! The chain is a little flimsy, but it held up fine given that the pendant is pretty lightweight. Also the pendant (the butterfly) has a relatively large loop if you'd prefer a thicker chain. <end>  pendant  it was beautiful, but it smaller than what i thought, could have been a little bit bigger in my opinnion <end>  Tiny But Beautiful  For me, this is exactly what I was looking for. Don't be fooled by the picture, look at the dimensions, this thing is tiny. Like a reviewer said earlier, it isn't bigger than a dime, but that is what I wanted. And when I got it, it was STILL smaller than I anticipated but that was even more perfect for me so I wasn't disappointed at all. It's really quite beautiful, I think it's prettier than it's pictured, but very very small, very dainty. I don't like big gaudy jewelry, so for me this is more than perfect. It's a perfect little pendant for a charm bracelet. <end>  Thanks!  The necklace was smaller than I thought it would be. But my mom loved it anyway! <end>  cute necklace  really pretty necklace, it has a delicate chain. i got it for my cousin for her birthday (in february)and she loved it. <end>  Bring your magnifying glass  Nice pendant but a bit smaller than expected. Better gift for child than adult. <end>  Great for Kids  It's a good thing I bought this for my neice, because they're the perfect size for her. Based on the photos I thought they would be a lot bigger. I didn't notice that the actual size was listed in the product description. They are super cute for her and she's going to love them. Before they arrived I thought I would get some for myself, but they would probably be invisible on me. <end>  Very pretty, but very small  Maybe I should have read the description better, but the picture on Amazon made it seem a lot bigger. This pendant is about 1/4"-3/8" in size. It is very small. It is going to work for my daughter and I got it at a fair price. I just wish it were a little bigger. Very pretty. <end>  cute but fragile  I bought this for my daughter and it is cute, but the chain broke within weeks. We have since moved the pendant to another chain. <end>  Beautiful pendant for a young lady  I bought this necklace and pendant for my younger niece for her sixth birthday, as peridot is her birthstone. Turns out, six is a little young for this type of jewelry (what do I know? I'm just the aunt!), but the product rates a five-star review.It's smaller than you might think from the photos, but not in a bad or cheap-looking way--"dainty" and "delicate" come to mind. Check the specs  the pendant is just about exactly 1 cm across. It might work for an adult woman, too, but the pendant seems to be scaled for a younger crowd.The stones are clear and sparkly, with good, strong color, and the silver setting shines beautifully. The chain is pretty but nothing special. For this niece, I wish I had swapped in a shorter and more durable chain, because this one is too long and too fragile for her. But the pendant will last, even if the chain doesn't withstand life with a six-year-old! I have no regrets about the purchase, especially at the discounted price I paid for it. <end>  Small but pretty  I purchased this for my girlfriend's birthday. She loved it! I did replace the chain before giving it to her because it was very thin, but the buterfly is really pretty. She hasnt thaken it off since I gave it to her. So overall I was pleased with it. <end>  love it  I got this as a gift, it is my birthstone and lovely. I love it, it;s dainty an pretty an great price. Love this!! <end>  Great pendant at this price  Yes, it is very small (make sure you see the picture someone posted comparing the size to that of a dime) but it is very pretty and very cute. I bought it for my daughter who LOVES it. At the same time, I got a much more expensive ruby pendant for my wife and while it is also very pretty, in my opinion, the color on this amethyst butterfly is much more pleasing than that of the ruby one and at a fraction of the cost (although it is also much smaller). Speaking of my wife, she really likes this butterfly, too... at this price, I wouldn't be surprised if she gets one for herself. RECOMMENDED. <end>  so much smaller than I expected.  Very pretty! But was tiny! I couldn't believe how small it is. Other than the fact that it is so small, it is very pretty and I am quite happy with the purchase. It was a gift for my sister and she loves it! Definetly worth the price. <end>  pretty but tiny  I'm going to say the butterfly is pretty. The chain is thin overall and the butterfly is small in size. I'm an adult but i dont like big things. Its "ok" but do not buy for anyone overweight...maybe not even an overweight child. <end>  Was somewhat disappointed  When I first saw this item I was thinking it was actually going to be as big as an quarter, but when I received this necklace I thought it was very small. Though my girlfriend loved it even though it was small and Amazon forgot to give me my gift note card along with my order. Oh well.. <end>  Not recieved,was supposed to arrive Dec.6th.  I am very irritated,this is supposed to be a Christmas gift.It was to arrive by December 6th,not here yet and this is the 19th.I can find no way to talk to a human being and voice my problem.I have never had this happen when ordering from Amazon.This is very disappointing. <end>  Very NICE, Very LITTLE !! but Beautiful !  Same as everybody else, this is a very small piece of jewelery. While the photo clearly shows the butterfly next to a dime, it never occurred to me how small a dime was. Anyways, my sister loved it. This really is a very nicely made piece of jewelry, it is just very small. My sister assures me she likes it small and not having it be to ... what's the word ?? Well, I can't recall, but anyways, I am very satisfied. <end>  Smaller than the picture  This is a beautiful pendant and I think the person I bought it for is going to love it. Just keep in mind that it is a very small pendant. I thought it would be larger from the photos of it. <end>  Very Cute But Very Small Too!  I read a review that this was small and approx the size of a dime so I thought PERFECT for a 14 year old for Christmas. WRONG! It is much smaller than a dime but it is very cute and I'm happy with it and I'm sure my 14 yr old cousin will be as well!!! <end>  Very Small  I just purchased these earrings and the matching necklace and was very disappointed. Both these items (earrings/necklace) are very very small and in my mine only appropriate for very young children because it is so very small. I will probably keep it because they are pretty but a lot smaller than they appear when you look at their pictures. <end>  Much smaller than pictured  The picture magnifies this and gives you a false sense of the size. You can barely see the amethysts in the setting. Disappointing. <end>  Perfect for my daughter  This necklace is small, but absolutely the perfect size and cost for a young girl or teenager. The amethysts are very clear and pretty and the setting is just as it appears in the photo. Amazon has provided a photo next to a dime if you're concerned about the size of the pendant. I love it and I just know my daughter will enjoy it! <end>  It's pretty, but not as blue as it looks like in the picture  I bought this for a niece for Christmas. Although she loved it, the picture is very misleading, as the stone is much lighter in person. <end>  Perfect for Sweet 16  This was purchased as a gift for a friend of the family who was turning 16. She loved it. Her thank you card described it as "simple yet beautiful." The quality was nice as well as the price. I would purchase it again; I almost want one for myself. <end>  Attractive item  This is an attractive and high quality item for a young teenager. It is too small for an adult. <end>  Way too small and NO luster  I purchased this necklace as a gift for my niece. I was disappointed in the size and quality of the gems. There is no luster to this necklace. I'm still debating on whether I should give such a LOW quality necklace. I have bought other inexpensive necklaces before, but this one just looks CHEAP! <end>  All you can spect from $25.00 dollars jewelry  I bought this item although I have read Many reviews advertising it was Small, but small isnt quite enough the word to describe it I rather said its tiny almost micro. It could be the right gift for a kid but is important that you realize the size of this item before! <end>  ok  it was ok just a littel small from what i thought but it was a great gift for my mother and she loved it and thats all that matters.thanks <end>  butterfly  Sadly I was very dissapointed when I received the necklace--It was very, very tiny and not what I had hoped for. <end>  Pendant  Too small. This would be alright for a child but not for an adult. Other than that it was very nice. <end>  Bad experience i don't know if ill ever come back  Idk still ain't get it yet its super late it's was put for one day Christmas tomorrow still ain't here <end>  Disappointing  I was very disappointed with this unit. The butterfly was microscopic in comparison to the item as pictured. I was giving it as aChristmas present for my daughter who loves butterflies and she will feel the butterfly does not show enough. <end>  small  I should have read the reviews, it is pretty but this will be given to my granddaughter now instead of my daughter <end>  Nice  This is a nice piece of jewelry although it was smaller than I thought. I am still very satisfied with my purchase <end>  Buyer beware very small  I should have read reviews first, tiny little butterfly. Meant for a child or very petite woman. I have Returned it. <end>  very tiny  This is not what I was looking for it list the chain as being 18&#34; it does not fit around a adults neck at all. This chain is actually 14 and 1/2 not 18 as described The butterfly is smaller than expected. Its more a little girls necklace. Extremely tiny butterfly about the size of a finger nail a childs. I will give it to a 8 year old neice for christmas instead of the adult it was meant for. <end>  Tiny and cheap  It really is sterling silver - I know this because the 925 is stamped on the back of the butterfly. Unfortunately, the word CHINA stamped there is almost twice as large as the 925 and overshadows all else about the necklace. The blue pouch is large, stiff and feels cheap, the blue jewelry box is so cheap the paper peeled off when I removed the tape to look at the item. I cannot give it to the originally intended recipient, so I will save it for a much younger person who might appreciate it for its diminutive size, although it feels as if the chain might break easily. It's really quite pretty when viewed with magnification. And I might mention that because the chain and clasp are proportionate to the pendant, the clasp is so tiny, it would be difficult for some to open. Not one of my better purchases. I should have scrolled down and read the full description which clearly states that the size of the butterfly is slightly over 1/3 inch, so it was my own mistake. I will try to read more carefully next time. <end>  it is not what I was expecting  it is not what I was expecting, the butterfly is so so so small... the design is not the best one .....I returned the product <end>  worst purchase ever!  This charm is smaller than a dime and the necklace toothpick thin. Not worth the money AT ALL! I will never buy anything like this product ever again. <end>
 B000MG99VS  Stainless Steel Solid Link & Rubber Bracelet 3/8 inch wide, 8 inch long ||	  Good Value  For the money, this is a great bracelet. It was easy for me to adjust with my watch tool kit. The only negative thing is that some of the links pull on your arm hair, sometimes. Overall, a nice look, not too thick and bulky. <end>
 B000MGD3PG  Stainless Steel & Rubber Bangle Bracelet 3/8 inch wide, 8 inch long ||	  Vary nice bracelet.  This is an awesome bracelet, i got lots of comments but... i did have the rubber bit snap on me twice. the first one i fixed with some strong glue. the second time snapped at the pivet point at the bottom that did it in. it was a grate ware while i had it. the only other issue was that the lille wedge pins holding it in togeather kept trying to slide out, it needs actual screws. other wise keep up the good work! <end>  nice bracelet  this is a very strong'and nice bracelet'i wish it came just in surgicalsteel' <end>
 B000MISE30  14k Rose Gold Diamond Hoop Earrings (1 1/10 cttw, J-K Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  diamond hoops  I ordered these for my 13 year old granddaughter, thinking they would be small, but they are so beautiful and a great value, I am keeping them, and re ordered some smaller heart diamond earrings for her. Great value, fabulous price. Merry Christmas to me. My husband is off the hook!JSW <end>  I wish Amazon would offer these again!  I really love this pair of earrings! I only wish i ordered all three metal types since I only ordered the rose gold pair (it comes in yellow, white and rose gold). Everyone who saw it loved it and for the price I got it for.....what a steal! <end>
 B000MK2O34  10 Karat Yellow Gold Ruby & Sapphire Heart Locket with Design with 20 Inch Chain ||	  Heart Locket  The locket arrived on time and in good condition. When I opened the box, I saw this very petite locket with 2 stones. I thought to myself that next time tho, I would get her more stones on her jewelry - don't get me wrong, it is a nice piece, but I will do a better job of selection next time. A very nice locket. <end>
 B000MK5Z08  Yellow Gold Diamond Cut Claddagh Religious Cross with chain ||	  beautiful concept of a Claddagh Cross, but is not what it seems....  Really liked the concept of how this Claddagh Cross looked, however on receipt, it looks very cheaply stamped out & without dimension. A shame, it could be beautiful.... <end>
 B000MKBK20  Religious Sterling Silver St. Christopher Medal Medallion with chain ||	  Disappointing  I received this after asking for it for 3 years so imagine my surprise when I recieved this cheap necklace. 1st the medallion is extremely thin and no where near the quality I thought it would be. It feels and looks cheap. You would think after spending 100 dollars the quality would at a minimum match that of James Avery but you can not even compare the two. I could bend the medallion with my fingers that is how thin it is possibly about as thick as one milimeter or so. 2nd the chain that the came with it looks like it should be made for a child instead of an adult. It looks cheap and is far to small to go with the medallion and i'm not talking about the length of the necklace but i'm talking about the links of the chain. If you have seen baby necklaces and how small the links are this chain is 18' of that. After wanting this necklace for so long I feel as though we were cheated by this cheap imitation. <end>
 B000MKGAD4  Genuine Sterling Silver Small Chai Pendant with chain ||	  pretty little thing  This Chai is very pretty and isn't flimsy, chain is sturdy and had good length. I bought this for my mom for Chanuka last year. <end>
 B000MKGIPE  Amazon.com  .925 Sterling Silver Violin &amp; Bow Dangle Earrings  Clothing ||	  Cute Dainty Earrings  I bought these for my niece who plays the violin. She loved them. I was surprised how very tiny they are and I do mean tiny (hence 3 stars). However, they are cute. <end>  Great earrings  These earrings are very beautiful. I got them for my friend for her birthday and she loved them. They are the perfect size and weight. I would recommend them to anyone. <end>
 B000ML7A1O  Ladies White Gold Domed Drop Style Leverback Earrings ||	  Danglies  I always wear leverbacks. I wanted something in silver and a little more visible than what I usually wear. These are great -- swingy, not too heavy, and beautiful with my new spring greys and whites. <end>
 B000MM8SDM  Hot Diamonds Love Token Charm, Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful  Bought this as a gift for my mother. Great quality at a great price! I definitely recommend this product for anyone that you love <end>
 B000MM9ANY  Sterling Silver Hammerhead Shark Pendant, Pink Synthetic Opal Inlay w/ CZ stones, 2 1/16 inch tall, ||	  very pretty  This is a very pretty piece of work. Very graceful, a good size. The seller got it to me on time. <end>
 B000MM9BDS  Sterling Silver Slide Pendant Synthetic Opal Inlay 11/16 inch tall, ||	  Attractive Necklace  Very pleased with how this ended up looking. Often hard to tell from a photo what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived to see that it was all I had expected (and more). <end>
 B000MMDGUW  Sterling Silver Flat Link Charm Bracelet, 7" ||	  Very charming!  This is a beautiful bracelet. It has a nice weight to it, enough to know if it falls off (which it hasn't yet).The bracelet is flat which is perfect. It allows for a nice number of charms; however, I have been wearing it with one charm at a time, simply because I like the way it looks and feels. <end>
 B000MME63I  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Rings with Square Garnet Semi-Precious Center Stone. Please specify size  7 ||	  Very pretty  The ring is just as it looks in the picture. It's very pretty and a good bargain for the price. <end>
 B000MME6CE  Solid Sterling Silver Zodiac Band Ring - Pisces Please specify size  5 ||	  Silver Ring  I ordered this ring and received it in a very timely manner. It was just as pretty when I got it. I'd ordered a size 9 and it was a tad snug but that may be because I have big fingers. But it is a beautiful ring and nicely priced! <end>
 B000MMGX34  Sterling Silver Black Accent Rectangular Cuff Links ||	  Nice Cufflinks, Packaging needs work  The cuff links themselves are really nice looking. My only complaint is that they don't come in a "real" cuff link jewelry box that has a strong hinge and some way of holding each link in place. Instead they are bulked into a felt pouch, and then placed inside a small cardboard box with a piece of padding on the bottom. Since there's no way for the lid to stay on the box, the cufflinks can easily fall out; and because they are both stored in the same pouch, they can rub against each other and scratch. I was giving these to someone as a "nice gift," but they loose some of their perceived value if they are shoved inside of a cheap box like the jewelry you see on display on tables at department stores.Overall, I think they're nice cufflinks... but for the price I wish they would at least provide a better box. <end>
 B000MMJ7DM  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Rings with Square Garnet Semi-Precious Center Stone. Please specify size  5 ||	  Very pretty  The ring is just as it looks in the picture. It's very pretty and a good bargain for the price. <end>
 B000MNLKFY  Sterling Silver Spongy Coral and Crystal Bracelet Earrings with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful Set  It is a beautiful set. The only issue that I had was that the earrings can easily slip off. You just have to be very careful and always use the plastic rings. <end>
 B000MOU82E  Amazon.com  Juicy Couture Pave &quot;Music Note&quot; Charm  Clothing ||	  Picture doesn't do justice  I bought this charm for myself, for my Juicy Couture charm braclet. The charm sparkles in the sun and it is absolutly beautiful front and back. You will not be disappointed with this purchase. <end>
 B000MOW84A  Magical Protection Sterling Silver Hamsa Bracelet ||	  Not happy with this purchase  I was very excited for this item to arrive. But alas, the first day I put it on, I only had it on for about an hour or so and while I was leaning on my kitchen table, the metal part of the bracelet snapped. I also think the picture is misleading. The red cord is very thin, not as thick as pictured, and neither is the metal hamsa, it's thin as well. It's very cheap looking for the money you're going to shell out. I'd move along. <end>  Happy It Fits!  I received this bracelet promptly. It was nicely tucked inside a velvet bag, inside a box. I was happy to find it fit my tiny wrist perfectly- I was afraid it would be the typical one-size-fits-all bracelet that would slide off my hand and I'd have to get it sized. Not so!! Very happy.... <end>  Bad Quality  I LOVE the idea of this bracelet but this is the second one I've ordered, only for it to break the second day I had it on (again). I recommend finding another company who makes a similar product as this one is just terribly quality. <end>  Great bracelet!  I bought this bracelet over 6 months ago and have been wearing it since. It has held up very well and looks great when mixed with multiple bracelets and bangles like the movie stars wear. <end>  Eve's Addiction Red Hamsa Bracelet  I just got this in the mail today, and I am quite pleased. I had seen this bracelet several times and wanted to buy it except for the fact that it is advertised as only 7 inches long, which, for me is not loose enough - I usually wear 7.25-7.5 inch bracelets. This is the best-looking Hamsa bracelet out there, so I finally bit the bullet and bought it with the intention of adding an extender. However, when I got the bracelet and put it on, not only did it fit well, I had room like I do with the bracelet sizes I mentioned above that I prefer! So I would say that the length is incorrectly advertised. In fact, in measuring mine out, I am coming up with it being just shy of 7.5 inches, or about 18.9 centimeters. It really is a lovely bracelet, and yes, it's delicate, but I wouldn't say it's too fragile to wear. Just use some caution, but all in all, a good buy. <end>  Excellent!  My ordered arrived just after two days. As user above stated, came in a little gift box and velvet bag which the bracelet is kept in. I absolutely love it! I put the bracelet on immediately after opening the package. Yes, it is very delicate looking but I have seen other hamsa bracelets and they are styled similarly so I did not expect otherwise when I ordered this hamsa. Beautiful product, great service. <end>  Great bracelet  Fast shipping and great product. Just what I expected and it looks just like it does in the picture (which is not always the case). I would highly recommend this product to anyone..in fact I am wearing it now! <end>
 B000MQHAWI  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Heart Pendant (1/10 cttw, I-J Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  Tangled chain..  Heart Pendant is beautiful, but the chain was tangled in nots.. it took meabout one hour to untangle it.... <end>  Major Value, Minor Price ..  I bought two of these pendants for my teenage daughters for Valentines Day, as our family has been through a tough several months taking care of their Mom, who has breast cancer. My daughters were very touched by the gift, and they certainly were excited to know that yes, those are genuine diamonds and "real" 14K gold. It is a dainty but pretty pendant, and my daughters have worn them so much since presentation, I know they mean a lot to them ... this pendant can be worn with either very dressy or even very casual clothes, and is striking to the eye in either case. <end>  birthday gift  I ordered this for my daughter-in-laws birthday. She adored it and it made her whole day, she wore it to work that evening and received many compliments. One happy customer! Delivery was right on time and the picture & description were right on. <end>
 B000MQHUDC  1.50 Carats Genuine Oval Shape Garnet Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Pendant Necklace ||	  Unique and beautiful  I was very skeptical about buying jewlery online, however, my daughters 18th Birthday is coming up and I had been searching the stores for months for a Birthstone necklace. I couldn't find anything that was unique or worth what they were asking for it. I saw this necklace, ordered it, and I love it! The quality is very nice and the piece is a beautiful and unique. I couldn't be happier and can hardly wait to give it to her! <end>
 B000MQHUO6  .75 Carat Trillion Cut Genuine Peridot Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Pendant Necklace ||	  Peridot Heaven  I always wanted a "unique" triangle shaped jewelry set for August my birth month. This fits the bill and the price is right. I have not taken it off since I have gotten it. The chain is a little fragile looking but doesn't take away at all from the pendant. I will purchase more from Peora. The presentation of the little purple/lilac flower box is "exceptional!" Presentation is everything, especially with jewelry. This is a quality piece. I am searching for a trillion peridot ring and bracelet from Peora now. Thanks Amazon.com for having such quality as Peora on your site. <end>
 B000MQJ1S4  1.50 Carats Trillion Cut Genuine London Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  beautiful and delicate  the color is rich and deep gorgeous blue, great sparkle with a modern and unique setting. Band is thin and bright, shows off the setting and stone beautifully. If you love Blue Topaz and are looking for a terrific deal, this looks much richer and expensive than it is. <end>
 B000MQKKDO  Pair of Obsidian Double Flared Plugs  00g ||	  Excellent Plugs if a bit pricey.  I have to say, for a pair of glass gauges, I was skeptical of the price at first, however after purchasing and wearing these, I have to say I am impressed.I have lots of trouble with wood plugs. For some reason my body reacts negatively to them, so I generally stick to metal, glass, or stone.These are the first piece of glass I have bought in size 00g. I have to say, I like the shape of them, mine differ from the picture, the flare is flattened off and less dramatic, and the edges are rounded, which is better than some stone ones I have owned, on which I can almost cut myself. They stay in place fine, and I have no problem moving them around. They have never irritated my ear in any way, and are easy to clean with a bit of alcohol.All in all they are, surprisingly enough, worth the money for a quality set of gauges. <end>
 B000MQKSXQ  1.50 Carats Pear Shape Genuine Garnet Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  Prettier than the photo  The ring arrived today in excelent condition. The photo here doesn't do it justice; it's much prettier in person. The setting/band have a nice polish, the stone has more sparkle than what shows in the photo, and it's a deeper red as well. I am very pleased with my purchase and will likely buy from Peora again. <end>
 B000MQKT2Q  1.75 Carats Princess Cut Genuine Peridot Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  very nice stone for august  good quality band not thin which is what i look for as i work with my hands, I am hard on my rings thanks again for a great product <end>
 B000MQMCU8  Pair of Glass Single Flared Eyelets  2g Ruby ||	  Fast delivery, nice product/packaging.  For anyone considering buying these to stretch or for just every day wear, do not hesitate. When in the shade or less lit places, the plugs definitely look more black than red. As long as you're familiar with the &#34;ruby look&#34;, these will be exactly what you expect. Delivery time was incredible! <end>
 B000MQNOGY  Pair of Glass Single Flared Solid Plugs  7/16"g Smoke ||	  Awesome!  I got these for Christmas and couldn't be happier, they are so gorgeous in the light! <end>
 B000MQNOYG  Pair of Glass Double Flared Solid Plugs  4g Purple ||	  too small  bought these fr my sister and she said they're too small (not really a 4g). She was in the shower and one fell out! otherwise i like the color <end>
 B000MQP59I  Pair of Glass Single Flared Eyelets  8g Honey ||	  Comfortable, good price  These are easy to insert and comfortable to wear! The wearable length is a little long but I have thick lobes so it doesn't bother me. The hole is pretty small so you can't really see it though. The color is very pretty and it's more of a subtle piece of jewelry. Good buy for the price! <end>
 B000MQP6BA  Pair of Glass Double Flared Eyelets  2g, Ruby ||	  I like them but can't get them in!  I like these, they're super cute, but I can't get them in after I taper because the ends are flared! <end>
 B000MQP6QK  Pair of Glass Single Flared Solid Plugs  8g Smoke ||	  Just as I wanted  Got them because they were gorilla glass and I like the transparent/colored look they have.The other reviewer noted they looked 'doll eye'ish, this is because the cap and the wear rod are the same glass material. The darker colored dot is where the glass rod connects to the cap part. I got two different colors, one in the blue and green, and different sizes. Lets people know how big your gauges are.Very smooth fit, the wear area wasn't long so they were comfortable enough to wear in my cartilage piercings at night without getting tugged by my pillow or jabbing my skull. <end>  Meh  These are good quality for what they are, but the problem I have with them is the look. What you can't really tell from the picture, is that the part of the cap that is flared out is basically transparent, with the center part that goes all the way through being darker. The effect is that they look like toy doll eyes. White circles with dark centers. They look pretty weird.I do like that they are of good build quality though. I would just prefer the whole cap to be the same color. <end>
 B000MQTUTY  Lot 10 Pieces Body Jewelry (Belly Button Navel Ring Tongue Labret Eyebrow Chin) ||	  Great Product  Items came just as advertised , accurate amount of stuff.some of it i couldnt use but thats to be expected with a grab bag type thing, i passed them on to a friend though!the stuff came in like two days also, super fast shipping! <end>  Best Purchase So Far  I waited all week for the pack that I ordered and was a little worried I would get some trash or not enough pieces like the other comments but when it arrived 5days early I was so happy I got many different things 2 eyebrow rings, 1 tongue ring, 1 nose bone, 1 navel ring, 1 CBR, 1 horseshoe lip ring, 3 pair's of replacement studs and my favorite the 3 lip labret's i can't seem to get enough of them cause i'm losing them constantly. I really recommend this for somone who's looking for alot of variety!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ) ) <end>  AWESOME  Have ordered twice and always get cool pieces of jewelry! I RECOMMEND to anyone looking for fun jewelry and who like surprises! <end>  so question  can I specify what kind I want? I'm about to get a surface piercing(2 actually) and I have a lip and belly button piercing. I don't know what I'd do with a eyebrow or tounge ring! <end>  More than Expected  Received  one navel ring, four labret posts, three eyebrow bars, two nose bones, one CBR, one horseshoe, one tongue bar, and some extra balls/spikes.In total, I received 13 pieces, rather than the ten I was expecting. This is not counting the extra end pieces. Most of the pieces were either gemmed or plain, nothing to really "write home" about, but for the price, it's really good! <end>  Pretty good.  What you see is what you get. You get ten rings , but there is two of each type of ring. <end>  great price  This deserves 5 stars! I wouldn't listen to the negative reviews on this simply for the fact of how much jewelry you get for the price your paying. I honestly believe that if you wanted some really REALLY nice jewelry like silver or gold; then your out of your mind to think you can find it with out paying a pretty penny. Seriously? Its a jewelry lot.. For some one who probably has multiple piercings and needed something because they constantly loose it or the pieces. I have a naval ring and I always seem to loose the balls. So I bought 2 lots of 10 because I can use the balls on the tongue rings etc; as well as; use the rest for other peircings I have. It Is Cheap & Convenient! <end>  Pretty Great!!  I am very pleased with my order everything was perfect! IReceived exactly what they said I would receive  ) !!! <end>  Miserable don't buy this garbage  Shity belly button rings and eyebrow . No labret, metal hoops, cartilage or retainer.What a bag of trash stuff <end>  blah  Didnt read carefully and its whatever pieces they want to give you. All were unuseable to me. Not their fault. Were decent pieces if had right piercing. Were mostly navel rings in my set. <end>  great  i got 3 belly rings 3 tongue rings 3 lip rings and a 16g cbr. all the stuff i got was cool, i love the pink peace sign tongue ring  ) the only complaint is that i got 2 yellow lip rings and im not much for yellow, overall very happy <end>  Eh...  Received this product fast, and all 10 pieces were there. I was hoping to get something along the lines of the picture at the top, but I didn't. the only thing I got from that picture was 1 CBR, a few tongue rings that resembled the one shown there, a bunch of navel rings that DID NOT look like the picture shown there, and 3 plastic, flimsy eyebrow rings. BUT, I will definitely be ordering more from here to start a little piercing business because what I received was basic jewelry that I could use on customers, but not really myself. <end>  Great Buy  Great price for this product. Wasn't too happy with the assortment as I wanted more navel rings but its what to expect with a grab bag type thing. I received 2 navel rings(14g) which neither were dangley which was what I hoped for. 2 captive bead rings(14g) 2horse shoes(14g) one tongue ring(16g) 2 labrets(14g) and two eyebrow rings(14g-one was a retainer) I got 11 items in my bag so I am happy with this buy. <end>  i loved it  i recieved 10 item 3 belly rings, 3 tongue rings, 2 eyebrow rings, 2 tongue rings. Its not the same as the pics but a great deal some iam good fast shipping. <end>  A+++  Product described well, received all ten pieces, fast shipping. Would have preferred more navel jewelry, but everything is great! Lots of labrets, which is exactly what I needed! <end>  my sister loved this  so i ordered these piercings because out of nowhere my sisters got belly piercings and i have a lip piercing. so i thought hey u know nice little bundle for the 3 of us. all i have to say is very quick and as my sisters said "oh my god! they are so cute!" so yeah enough said they like and i like. <end>  5 stars.  Very quick delivery. All items were very cute at a cheep rate. I love them! Didn't use all the pieces but was able to give some away to friends.  ) <end>  Nice Stuff  Shipping was pretty quick! Got my stuff within 3-4 days. I got nice jewelry but not enough lip rings inside..mainly nipple and eyebrow rings, 1 belly ring, 1 tongue ring, and 1 lip labret. I thought the horseshoe rings would be big enough for my lip but i guess not, just for other parts of the body. If i had at least 3 labrets then i would be perfectly satisfied. But other than that i recomemend to get this, especially for $[...] (a cheap price) <end>  Only got 8 pcs., Poor product descrription  Received 5 navel rings, two horseshoes and a CBR. Obviously seller cannot do simple math. Also, they also have a problem with describing their product accurately, as there wasn't a single tongue ring or labret post included (Hopefully,those are the two pieces they forgot to add?). <end>  Nice Jewlery  Very fast shipping, it came a day before the expected date. I got a great variety too.I recieved 1 navel ring(14g), 2 tongue rings(14g), 2 horseshoes(16g), 3 labrets(1 14g, the other 2 16g), 1 eyebrow ring(16g), and 1 captive bead ring(16g). <end>  Great Value  U can't get a better deal than this. There r so many cute colors that's n this pack 4 a low price. Very satified. <end>  no...just no.  I hated everything.I didn't get one thing i liked and nothing fit.On top of that,I only got 9 pieces.well,it is a random thing so oh well.Wont be buying from them again. <end>  meh  i recieved the item on time. I did not get what i wanted. Everything in the package was busted. I do not know how tiny plastic peices crack in half easily. I am not happy with the item. But, thanks for getting it on time. <end>  Perfect  Not only did the products arrive early but I was happy to find that they were all 14 gauge. Now I can switch out my jewelry according to my mood. And they were all packed in sterile autoclave packets so I know they are cootie-free! <end>  nice  i got 3 tongue rings, 4 cbrs, 1 belly ring, 3 circular barbells, and 2 labret studs. overall, i was pretty pleased with my purchase. and the package came in 2 days, which was pretty awesome. <end>  Wasn't really what I thought.  I would've liked to get better piercing jewelry, I kind of got ones that weren't really nice looking. The price was reasonable, but I would've liked to see better jewelry pieces. <end>  10 Piece "Grab Bag"  Good price, quality pieces. Fortunately, I did recieve all ten pieces. the monroe/labret posts I recieved look to be 12g-which seems a little large, but for the price, it's alright. I did get a really cute butterfly tounge ring and a short, straight butterfly barbell.It was also kind of neat to be surprised as to the jewelry you get.All in all, a great buy. <end>  AMAZING deal!  This body jewelry was absolutely worth it's price! I would have paid 10x the price for this even, so much cheaper than any store out there! Not to mention the quality is impeccable and I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B000MR50EC  Cartouche Pendant - Made in Egypt - with "PEACE" in Hieroglyphics - Open Style ||	  Lovely item.  My daughter has always loved Egyptian art, and loves hieroglyphic jewelry. She also likes items that say peace, love, erc...so this item is perfect. The characters are well done and quite discernable; the item is not too heavy, but a nice comfortable weight..Great purchase. <end>
 B000MSA3EI  Green Flower Necklace and Earrings Set ||	  Not so Great product  The photo here is thicker than the actual item. IT's not as beautiful as I expected. Top of it, they charge for shipping as well. So, not so happy with this purchase. <end>
 B000MTBFPI  BLITZ ULTRA Jewelry Diamond Cleaning Machine w/ Brush, Gold, Silver, Platinum Polishing Cloth Tray AC POWER ||	  Dud Machine  I had one of these machines. It was a birthday gift. I used it twice and the machine stopped working. I contacted Blitz and was promised a replacement machine. That's been over a month ago and no machine has arrived. Blitz has lousy customer service. <end>  EXCELLENT Little Machine, Works And Cleans My Gold LOOKIN NEW!!  This is a Great little Machine for the Money Probably the best Machine You can get under $50 In My opinion I sell and wear alot of jewelry and I have been Using this Model here for about a year now and It is GREAT, BEST MACHINE UNDER $50.00 HANDS DOWN. Works Perfectly for me for my Personal and Resellable Necklaces Rings, WORKS WONDERS ON GOLD, You can use ANY SOLTION With this Which is GREAT.Sometimes I Use a Simple WIndex Solution in this Machine and Works Wonders!1 Full Year Of Use NO COMPLAINTS! EASY to Use, I have had other ones And They only lasted 1/3 of what this one Has lasted me.So This Well worth the Money, dont let the low Cost FOOl you! QUALITY Little Machine! <end>  VERY GOOD CLEANER!  I Love this Cleaner IT really Does a Good Job on Very Delicate or Fine Jewelery and does a good detailed job on heavier less ornate pieces as well. Simple to use.And Also Easy enough to use your favorite Store brand or Home-made cleaner in the Unit.A solution of Windex and Water mix Seems to Do Best for us in this cleaner! Cheap, EASY and Safe solution If You Run out of solution or it does not come with a cleaner.Good Unit! A+++ <end>  Doesn't work  Tried it on several types of jewelry with the recommended cleaning solution. It doesn't have any noticeable cleaning capability, and will be going back to Macy's. <end>
 B000MTJ8MA  14K Gold Filled Tie Tac with Diamond ||	  Very nice!!!  There isn't a whole lot to say about this item. All went extremely well. The tie tac looks great, seems to be high quality and I received it in a timely manner!!! <end>
 B000MUOM52  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Pear Shape Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings  I wore these earrings for my wedding. I chose them because I could see myself wearing them again and again. They were extremely light weight and laid perfectly the whole night. I got a ton of compliments on them and I loved the fact that I was able to find a pair of green and silver pair of earrings. You'll love these. <end>
 B000MUOM9I  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Trillion Cut Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Peridot earrings in sterling silver  These are exactly what I want for a gift for a dear friend who is "mad into jewellery"!!. Rather like myself! excellent value too! <end>
 B000MURA1K  1.25 Ct.T.W. Genuine Round Garnet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Cross Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  I ordered these for my mother in law for Christmas so she hasn't gotten them yet but I love them. They are simple, yet beautiful! I worried if they would look cheap when I ordered them but they look high class! Definitely a quality item! <end>
 B000MURA2Y  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Princess Cut Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Stunning!  The picture simply doesn't do the earrings justice - they are just so delicate and elegant! I'd bought the same kind of earrings, but with topazes, when I decided to get these as a birthday present for my grandma. They'll look just as good on a 70 year old as they do on a teen!I recommend buying the matching pendant [...] - this would be the perfect gift for everyone with a thing for peridots! <end>  Beautiful Color  These earrings are absolutely gorgeous! The green color is just as pictured here. Bought these to match a $250 white gold and peridot pendant from a local jewelry store, and the craftsmanship is just as good! <end>
 B000MURA4W  1.25 Ct.T.W. Genuine Marquise Cut Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Very happy.  The first thing I saw upon opening the package, was the very pretty presentation box in which the earrings were sitting. The earrings were just as depicted, but better. The picture doesn't really do them justice as the silver filligree work is more detailed than can be seen on a monitor.The earrings are of excellent quality, as good as you would buy from any good quality jewellery store.Delivery was also good - just eight days from America to Australia.Thank you Peora. <end>
 B000MURMBS  Southwestern Style Three Dimensional Wolf Head Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay Wolf Paw Prints for Men or Women, Sizes 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 15, #11874 ||	  Seems Like a One-of-a-Kind Ring  This wolf ring is as beautiful in RL as it is in the pictures. Artfully crafted, of sound design. This ring is unlike any ring I've seen before, very unique. The band is thick enough that I need not worry that it will split from wear. The turquoise paws on either side of the wolf are a brilliant accent to the handsome wolf head. I have a deep passion for wolves and it has been difficult to find jewelry that reflects the beauty and strength of the wolf--this ring does that and more... <end>  Beautiful Wolf Ring!  I was afraid the chip inlay would pop out but after many unfortunate falls it is still in great condition.Looks Goooooood!Ahhwwooooooooooooo!!!! <end>  Wolf Ring with turquiose paws inlay  This ring is fantastic. Hgh quality, bright sterling silver. I got it for my friend who loves wolves and turquoise, he had a wolf ring and lost it. This was a Christmas present to replace it. <end>  Great!!  Fits my budget and looks really good! I did dip my hand in bleach water and it discolored my ring. I cleaned it up with a soft cloth and toothpaste then dried it with a dry soft cloth rubbing in one direction only and it shined back up. I was afraid I'd ruined it. Good looking ring!!! <end>  Quality-Comfort  I got a fairly accurate picture of the ring from other reviewers, so ordered, and was not disappointed. It came securely packaged in a plasticized water protective envelope (as evidenced having spent the day and night out in my yard- my big Lab got hold of it ). Next day I noticed what looked like an envelope in yard, and sent my Sheltie to go get it, and its My Ring!! Still in box, in two sealed envelopes in outer package still intact!! Ring, I think, comes smaller by one size as I wear an 11 and this was a 12 but fit perfectly, so everyone be aware, and order one size larger- it can always be made smaller cheaper and easier than making it larger. The detail on the ring is nice, 3D relief of wolf head, and smoothness of inlay is professional quality, real nice! Thanks Taos, I'd order again-someday.. Shipping was fast too. <end>  Fantastic 3D Realism  From the turquoise paw prints to the 3D Wolf, there is not one thing that is not beautiful. I put this sterling ring on and have not taken it off. The compliments on it's beauty and uniqueness are common. <end>  Great product  I was very impressed with the quick shipment and the quality of the product. I would highly recommend this seller to anyone that is looking for sterling silver rings or earring.Thanks for the prompt shipment. <end>  Wolf head ring  This is a beautiful ring. I bought it for my wife for Christmas, and she loves it. It seems to run about 1/2 to 1 size smaller than her other rings. <end>  Great Item  This is a really great ring. And with the price of silver at the moment it was a bargain. Quick delivery and response when I contacted the seller with a question. Will probably place additional orders in the near future. Thanks. <end>  As advertised  This ring is exactly as described and fits perfectly. The delivery was rapid and complete.Excellent vendor <end>
 B000MUSAS2  Blomdahl Medical Plastic Daisy - Alexandrite/Rose, ||	  Cute earrings! My girls love them!  I didn't want my girls to get nickel allergies so I bought these earrings for them. These are so cute! <end>  Wonderful for allergic people  I am highly allergic to most metals. I can wear these ear rings 24/7. From a distance, they even look like real diamonds and rubies. I would have given them 5 stars except the backs are so tiny that in a few years the hand tremor I inherited will make it impossible to pick them up or put them on. Also, one needs keen eyesight to see the backs -- another problem advancing age will create. The second major difficulty is that they are fragile enough that the posts simply wear out after a while.It is wonderful, however, that my ears are, for the first time in about 40 years, so uninflamed that I can slide the post straight in with no problem, and I have trouble seeing the place to put them in because there is no redness. <end>
 B000MUSYWE  2.00 Ct.T.W. Genuine Oval Shape Garnet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Very Pretty  I was wanting some nice simple red earings to go with a couple of red tops I have. These are very pretty , nice red color, not as dark as the picture shows. They are just what I wanted. <end>  Gorgeous! A great value!  I bought these earrings for my daughter and was very pleasantly surprised at how nice they are. Very pretty and sparkly and they came in a pretty box. They are even prettier than they look in the photo. Great value and quality for the price of costume jewelry. <end>
 B000MUSYWO  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Oval Shape Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Great quality.  Have had these for years now, don't tarnish easily, and shine up nicely with a polishing cloth. Great quality, will definately purchase from Peora in the future based on this purchase. <end>
 B000MVSGC6  Forzieri Men's Rubber and Stainless Steel Strand Bracelet ||	  good but not great  this is an awesome bracelet i love eveything about it. the only problem is the lock isnt good the bracelet keeps opening up very annoying. but still a great purchase. super fast shipping and all the chicks luv it <end>
 B000MVX3S8  Sonic Jewelry Cleaner La Sonic Supreme ||	  Keeps my diamonds sparkly  I have been using this machine to clean my diamond studs, tennis bracelet, and my wedding and engagement rings. It keeps them clean and sparkly. I can tell that it works because when I'm done there is all type of gunk at the bottem of the machine. Its amazing how dirty your jewelry gets in the course of a day and this machine will definately keep your jewely clean between professional cleanings. It works way better than dip trays. <end>  Not bad.  I found this cleaner for 25.99 at Walmart. I had to cycle my jewelry a couple times the first time I used it as my earings were really bad. I had to do minimal scrubing but overall I was pleased with the product. I used the gold/diamond mix for added effect. Over all I was pleased with the machine just wish that it was bigger. <end>  CHEAP JUNK  This is the cheapest piece of junk I've ever had the pleasure of getting as a gift. My daughter gave me this for Christmas and spent her own money on it and I felt so bad I gave her her money back. Unfortunately we bought it from another online source and the cost to return it isn't worth the hassle. It DOES NOT CLEAN. It loosens dirt .... same effect could be had by just soaking your jewelry in a liquid jewelry cleaner. You still have to manually brush behind stones and in crevices to get your items clean. Waste of cheap plastic. Waste of time. Waste of MONEY !! I don't care how cheap you can buy one of these for .... DON'T !!! If it was at all possible to give it NEGATIVE STARS I would have. <end>
 B000MVZZP2  New Jewel Jet Jewelry Steam Cleaner ||	  Jewel Jet Jewelry Steam Cleaner  The Jewel Jet did a pretty good job cleaning my wife'sjewelry. But, for the diamonds ring, putting it in a shot glass of gin did a better job. <end>
 B000MWAKFG  3.00 cts Oval Shape Amethyst Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Gorgeous!!!  Oh my goodness, these earrings and pendant are sooo pretty. The Sterling Silver really looks more like white gold/platinum and the purple amethyst gems are beautiful. Very satisfied! <end>
 B000MWAKH4  4.25 carats Oval Shape London Blue Topaz Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  just ok  I got this pendant and earrings to match with a blue formal dress, the kit is OK not so fancy as I would like but they look ok and according with the picture size and color. <end>
 B000MWEGLK  14k White Gold Diamond Artist's Pallet Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Beautiful Piece  This item was purchased as a gift for our painting club president. She will be receiving it at the end of this year. It is an absolutely beautiful piece, and I'm sure she'll love it!Great price too. <end>
 B000MWEGRE  14k White Gold Diamond Computer Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Poor Craftsmanship  Upon receipt, I was very disappointed with the quality for the price. In my opinion, it looks like it came from a .25 vending machine. Sent it back. <end>
 B000MWGB90  14k White Gold Diamond Sea Turtle Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Great sea turtle  Hard to find marine life charms. This one shows detail well. This is not the charm if you want to see BIG diamonds, but if you like to see accented areas. Goes well with all the other charms offered in this series by Amazon. <end>
 B000MWGBRM  14k White Gold Diamond Aquarius Zodiac Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Very beautiful  Charm is worth the sale price.Mine is 14k yellow gold.Circumference of charm itself is slightly less than that of a dime.there is a tiny hole drilled in back behind ea.diamond to let light through.A keeper. I gave it 4 stars b/c made in china <end>
 B000MWGC62  14k White Gold Diamond Rocking Horse Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Nice  Very nice little charm. The size is a little deceiving from the picture though. It is definitely smaller than what you see there, so be aware. Also, like most of this kind of stuff, it is only meant to be viewed from one side. The backside is plain plain plain. <end>
 B000MWGCW6  14k White Gold Diamond Initial "I" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Great Looking - and it's an 'I'  I bought this for a friend of mine who's name begins with 'I'. We can never find anything that has that letter. She was thrilled with it and was also thrilled to be able to wear it on a necklace she already has. It's very pretty. <end>
 B000MWHGVC  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Lucky Dice Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  buyer beware  The picture looks better than the product. There are only 5 sides. The sides are not even square, being about 4mm x 5mm. On regulation dice, the sum of opposite sides is supposed to be "7", but the 5 is opposite the 3 and the 4 is opposite the 2. The 6 is opposite nothing, as the "1" side is open. The presentation was very nice, a velvet drawstring bag within a gift box. With the cost of gold being what it is, this probably the best they can do for the price. Maybe you should buy a magnifier to go with it. <end>
 B000MWJF5M  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Aquarius Zodiac Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Very beautiful  Charm is worth the sale price.Mine is 14k yellow gold.Circumference of charm itself is slightly less than that of a dime.there is a tiny hole drilled in back behind ea.diamond to let light through.A keeper. I gave it 4 stars b/c made in china <end>
 B000MWJFHA  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Rocking Horse Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Nice  Very nice little charm. The size is a little deceiving from the picture though. It is definitely smaller than what you see there, so be aware. Also, like most of this kind of stuff, it is only meant to be viewed from one side. The backside is plain plain plain. <end>
 B000MWJG8I  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "Z" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  don't send as a gift  It has a tag on it that is bigger than the charm that says Made in China. Probably worth about 3 dollars not anywhere near the listed price. <end>
 B000MX3SNQ  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "Y" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Wrong item and not great customer service  I live outside US I ordered the item to be shipped to freight forwarder address and re-send it to me. I ordered the yellow gold Y charm and got white one instead. I contactated Amazon 3 times mentioning this situation.1. The first one I explained the situation but gave them the wrong order number (my mistake). The cust. service agent asked me to contact the seller without reading through my explanatory notes.In the mean time I submitted feedback about the misleading image on yellow gold but reality was they were sending white gold instead.2. I contacted them the second time with the right order number this time. The agent asked me to send it back for a replacement. He didn't read throught my notes neither, since I explained I live outside the US.3. The third contact  I explained to them again (for the third time)that I would have to pay shipping charges back to the US and that was unfair since I already paid charges from US to my country for the wrong item. They said the item is advertised as white gold (of course! I submitted the feedback and they changed it right away!)and they were sorry but the only way was to send it back for replacement.I have purchased jewelry in the past from sellers and once I had an issue and they took care of it and I appreciated. I didn't have to do anything but report the issue. The other times everything was perfect. This is the second time I buy jewelry directly from Amazon, but I probably won't do it again since they are making me pay shipping and tax charges for something I didn't order if I want the right item. And if I send it back, I will have to pay again shipping and taxes from the US to my country. Very Unfair!I feel lack of customer service from the company that strives to be the most customer centric one. <end>
 B000MX5ZZK  14k White Gold Diamond Computer Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Poor Craftsmanship  Upon receipt, I was very disappointed with the quality for the price. In my opinion, it looks like it came from a .25 vending machine. Sent it back. <end>
 B000MX603Q  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Snake Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Delicate beauty!  I got this necklace because lately the snake has become my totem animal and I wanted a reminder. This pendant is nicely detailed with diamonds alternating with a couple of bands of plain gold. It is delicate and not ostentatious at all, very classy. <end>
 B000MX614E  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Horse Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Tiny horse head charm  I bought this as a Christmas gift. Even though it was very small (3/4"), it was well crafted and looked exactly like the picture. It came in a small pouch inside a black velvet box. The closure clip was not attached and only had one link attached to the horse head. I thought this was done purposely so it could be attached to a necklace by the link or if it was to be attached to a bracelet you could attach the closure to it and then attach it to the bracelet. The gift was well received. <end>
 B000MX956K  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Sailboat Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Beautiful  I was looking for a sailboat that would be big enough to show detail, but not so big as to overwhelm the other charms on the bracelet. This one fit the bill. It's sparkly without being overly gaudy. Good quality. <end>
 B000MX95Q0  14k White Gold Diamond Libra Zodiac Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  NOT WHAT I EXPECTED  This Libra pendant was small and very light weight. I returned it because it seemed very juvenile and not what I expected. <end>
 B000MX95RO  14k White Gold Diamond Leo Zodiac Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  A Slight Disappointment  While I like the charm, I have to be completely honest in that I was slightly disappointed. I expected it to be much more substantial. It is very light weight and the diamond presence is very small. The design, however, is very pretty and I really like that aspect of it. Some might like the weight of it because it won't weigh down their charm bracelet or make a lot of noise. I just happen to like my charms to be more substantial. <end>
 B000MXB6XU  14k White Gold Diamond Initial "B" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Perfect Sized Charm  This charm was pretty and the perfect size for the bracelet I wanted to put it on. This charm had a nice weight to it and the diamonds were easily visible. I feel the price I paid was worth it. <end>
 B000MXB7PC  14k White Gold Diamond Initial "I" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Great Looking - and it's an 'I'  I bought this for a friend of mine who's name begins with 'I'. We can never find anything that has that letter. She was thrilled with it and was also thrilled to be able to wear it on a necklace she already has. It's very pretty. <end>
 B000MXB7Y8  14k White Gold Diamond Initial "S" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  14K YELLOW GOLD DIAMOND INITIAL "S" CHARM (1/10 CTTW)  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "S" Charm (1/10 cttw), WHICH I COULD ONLY FIND IN "AMAZON COLLECTION" UNDER JEWELRY. I'M VERY SATISFIED WITH PURCHASE, SO, MUCH SO THAT I PURCHASED THE LETTERS "A" AND "P". WHICH ARE THE THREE INITIALS IN MY NAME DISPLAYED ON A CUSTOM MADE CHARM HOLDER. <end>
 B000MXB838  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "Y" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Wrong item and not great customer service  I live outside US I ordered the item to be shipped to freight forwarder address and re-send it to me. I ordered the yellow gold Y charm and got white one instead. I contactated Amazon 3 times mentioning this situation.1. The first one I explained the situation but gave them the wrong order number (my mistake). The cust. service agent asked me to contact the seller without reading through my explanatory notes.In the mean time I submitted feedback about the misleading image on yellow gold but reality was they were sending white gold instead.2. I contacted them the second time with the right order number this time. The agent asked me to send it back for a replacement. He didn't read throught my notes neither, since I explained I live outside the US.3. The third contact  I explained to them again (for the third time)that I would have to pay shipping charges back to the US and that was unfair since I already paid charges from US to my country for the wrong item. They said the item is advertised as white gold (of course! I submitted the feedback and they changed it right away!)and they were sorry but the only way was to send it back for replacement.I have purchased jewelry in the past from sellers and once I had an issue and they took care of it and I appreciated. I didn't have to do anything but report the issue. The other times everything was perfect. This is the second time I buy jewelry directly from Amazon, but I probably won't do it again since they are making me pay shipping and tax charges for something I didn't order if I want the right item. And if I send it back, I will have to pay again shipping and taxes from the US to my country. Very Unfair!I feel lack of customer service from the company that strives to be the most customer centric one. <end>
 B000MY5JV4  14k Yellow Gold Marquise-Cut Diamond Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Simple yet Elegant  I got this ring when it was on Sale for around $100 and it is definately worth it. No it did not come with a Certificate of Authenticity, but it is a nice ring for the price I paid. It does have a slight imperfection in the diamond, it has a tiny black spot, but not noticeable unless closely inspecting it. It is simple with the right amount of bling, I use it for an everyday type ring instead of my wedding set. If you expect to get a High Quality 1/2 Diamond Solitaire for this cheap amount I suggest you learn more about Diamond ratings. I think it is simple elegance and for the price I paid it was well worth it. <end>  Unsatisfied Customer  Since this is a diamond, I did not receive any Guarantee Certificate to guarantee its authentic caratage. <end>
 B000MZC4ZC  Pearled Butterfly Vermeil and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  Beautiful earrings  These are beautiful earrings. They are so elegant and worth the price. I cannot say enough about them. They are some of my favorite earrings. <end>
 B000MZIZN2  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 14MM White Shell Pearl Necklace ||	  BE CAREFUL  These 'pearls' are beautiful and a great deal. But be wary because they are so heavy, that the clasp is prone to breaking- and sadly, you can't return them for new ones from this seller. It's only possible to get a refund and reorder the same necklace, but after all the hassle I don't want to risk it with the same product. Very sad as I liked the pearls a lot. Maybe I got a defective one? <end>
 B000MZIZNC  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 14MM Gray Shell Pearl Necklace ||	  Exactly as pictured  The strand is exactly as pictured. I didn't give it 5 stars, because I thought the nacre feel on my teeth would be the same as a real pearl (since they used the same pearl material). I always rub pearls on my teeth to see if they are real, a trick I learned from a jeweler. So, having said that, these are along the quality lines of Majorica and other nice costume jewelry. I wanted a gray pearl necklace, and this faux version will suffice until I save up for a real one. The knots between each pearl add a nice touch, there is a nice weight to the necklace, and the clasp is nice (albeit sterling silver). Nice for the price. <end>
 B000MZW0R4  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Bangle (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Great Item!  I bought this for my wife and what a nice little item. She wears it all the time. I highly recommend this for anyone shopping for one! 10/10 on this product. Happy shopping! <end>
 B000N09UBC  Fullmetal Alchemist  Edward's Symbol (Flamel) Dog Tag Red Necklace ||	  Yay!  Neckalace is awesome, I love it. I was so excited when it finally came in, its perfect for my Cosplay. <end>
 B000N2DBYM  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Channel Set Band (1 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Much more than I expected  Wow, I was shocked when I opened the little black box as I had convinced myself that this was not going to be a keeper. I wanted a band to wear with a 3 stone ring and this seemed to fit the bill. I was even more convinced when i put it in the cart and realized that it was 40% off diamond month and I got the ring for about $139. It's not amazing, it's not perfection but it sparkles nicely for the price and looks great with my 3 stone. I'd say I got quite a deal! <end>
 B000N2DBZQ  10k Yellow Gold Emerald and Diamond Band, Size 7 ||	  My mom's birthday gift  My mother is a Christmas baby (born December 25th) but she doesn't like her birthstone. She likes mine however, the emerald. So for her 65th birthday I got her this ring. It was a lot larger than I thought it would be. Very solid & well made. My mom was thrilled; I wanted this birthday to be thrilling for her. <end>  One itty-bitty diamond chip and two prongs  Be aware if you purchase this product that there are four small emeralds and one itty-bitty diamond chip in the middle. There are metal prongs where there should be other diamond chips. It's a bit deceiving. I guess I have a gift for my May baby niece. <end>  nice ring, but  i like the ring very much..just the right size. i had it for about 3 months, and wore most days. One day I looked down and saw that one of the emeralds had fallen out. I had expected the ring to last longer. <end>  Bargain Bling  I got this beautiful ring for just $49.99 shipped. Great deal and it is beautiful. The diamonds are chips, but for the price you dont expect the Hope Diamond. I gave it to my daughter for her birthday bcause shes a May baby. <end>
 B000N2QBNK  Amazon.com  Black Hills Sterling Silver Cross Necklace  Clothing ||	  I love it!  I love this pendent...I got it 5 years ago from my aunt and i wear it everyday...it is wonderderful! <end>
 B000N2R34G  Two Tone Tie Tack ||	  Great Tie Tacks  My husband was very happy with his new tie tack. It matches my engagement ring he gave me oh so long ago <end>
 B000N3BNFU  Black Resin Band with Sterling Silver Cap with Swarovski CZ Pav Surrounding Black Princess-Cut Swarovski Crystal ||	  Favorite ring  I have had this ring for over 4 years and I still love it, I don't wear it everyday but I do wear it with black and it adds a zing to my look. It's modern and classy, I get lots of compliments on it. <end>
 B000N4ZHV0  Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated Bracelet with Citrine Semi-Precious Stones ||	  A real treasure  The customer service was outstanding. I had a problem with shipping (my error) and they wre so prompt and understanding . The bracelet is beautiful with bright colored stones! <end>
 B000N5DGE4  Pittsburgh Steelers 5-Charm Bracelet ||	  cute but not as shown  The bracelet shows as white, but came in yellow. One of the charms is different too. It's a cute bracelet, but the description should advise the difference. <end>
 B000N5TM1A  6mm Wide Stylish Titanium & 14 Karat White Gold Wedding Band Ring ||	  Great wedding band  I purchased this wedding band for my husband in 2009. He was a shop supervisor at the time and I wanted something durable but also atrractive, and not flashy. Two and a half years later he still loves his ring, and still looks great. <end>
 B000N5WOTC  DeGruchy Large Blue Topaz Ring (size  7) ||	  Absolutely gorgeous ring. Very pleased!  This DeGruchy Large Blue Topaz Ring is amazing. It's a heavy, solid ring. The stone is absolutely beautiful. I constantly get compliments on it. Treat yourself. <end>
 B000N5XMTI  DeGruchy Square Amethyst Ring (size  8) ||	  This ring is beautiful!  This ring is beautiful and unique! Very heavy and medieval looking. The amethyst is deep purple. I have received many compliments and can hardly bear to take it off, and I have many rings. This will be my favorite. DeGruchy is an artist. <end>
 B000N5Z8V8  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Cross Pendant (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I3 Clarity) ||	  thin chain  pendant is nice but chain is too thin to fit.I changed other chain <end>
 B000N5ZU52  Men's 14k White Gold Diamond Ring (1/5 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  Gold Ring  A very nice ring with lotsa gold. I love it and you will too. Buy it NOW!!!!.The ring is very comfortable and everyone will compliment you on it. <end>
 B000N64BQ0  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Channel Set Band (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  pretty little ring  My husband and I got this as an eternity ring for my 28th anniversary present. It was a little smaller than I expected but is otherwise a beautiful ring and I do love it. The diamonds sparkle quite a lot and the part that is all gold is nice and thick. The ring has met my expectations and more. <end>
 B000N65150  14k White Gold Diamond Dangle Heart "Mom" Ring (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS  WHEN I SAW THIS RING ON AMAZON.COM I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.I LOVE HEART JEWERLY. ONCE I RECEIVED THIS RING I WAS SO GLAD THAT I HAD ORDERED IT. THIS RING IS VERY ELEGANT. I JUST LOVE MY DANGLE HEART BAND RING WITH THE DIAMONDS SPARKLING, OOO...SO NICE. GREAT BUY ALSO. <end>  chic little firecracker  What a great little sparkler. I bought this ring for my middle finger. The ring is well made and well thought out. Although it's a small ring and better suited for a lady with petite hands, the diamonds are clear and a great value for the price. The photo shows that the ring appears to have a high profile. Not so in person, it's all well balanced. If you are expecting a larger ring with a larger heart and big diamonds, then it's not the ring for you. If you expect a diminutive small diamond ring with a lot of fire, then buy it. I think it really looks best on a middle finger and it's true to size. <end>
 B000N6516O  Men's 14k Yellow Gold Black and White Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  Ring  Have not had ring sized yet. Will review to make sure it doesn't bend like last ring I bought. <end>  INCORRECT DESCRIPTION  Look! I know this ring is NOT available at this time, but as long as you have it listed you should tell the truth about it. I bought this ring from Amazon in 2007, and there is NO WHITE GOLD anywhere on it. That's just a photo-illusion. Plus, there are ONLY 30 DIAMONDS on it, not 34 as listed. You can count them yourself from the picture. Either CORRECT the description, or remove this item entirely from the listings. Thanks! <end>
 B000N65182  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000N66KLO  14k White Gold Diamond Heart Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  Beautiful just as described  The item arrived with an authenticity certificate.Beautiful white gold shine and diamond was securily set. <end>  Small diamond, but ring is nice.  I purchased this ring about a year ago in the white gold and have worn it daily since. The diamond is tiny and doesn't stand out much, but for the price it's a nice enough ring. When I received the ring the white gold was shiny and bright.Now, a year later, the white gold plating has worn off and the ring has a very noticeable yellow tinge. Just a thought when purchasing white gold rings, plan to save money to have the ring replated because it won't stay white forever. <end>  Love this ring!  I love this ring! It was very reasonably priced, and is very cute. I bought it for myself for my birthday, and I wear it every day! Perfect gift or just to treat yourself <end>  Just what Ive been looking for!  I had been searching for an open heart ring in white gold for quite along time before I came across this ring! I even went into a jewelry store to see what it would cost to make one. It was ridiculous! So one day I searched through amazon and found this lovely ring. At first I just wanted a plain open heart ring, I never thought of a diamond accent. Well it ended up I purchased it on sale and I was surprised that the diamond accent does sparkle! I purchased this ring one year ago and I have worn it every day since. It still looks as the day I received it! I wont be surprised if it does eventually get a yellow tinge because all white gold eventually does. I am extremely happy that I found this ring! <end>  Pretty much get what you see.. A Pretty ring!  I purchased this ring as a gift for our 13 year-old niece who just became a Bat-Mitzvah. She is the girl who has EVERYTHING (tiffany jewelry, 1st diamond earrings from her parents, Vera bradley bags in every color and style, ipod, cell phone- you name it she has it) My point is that she was very hard to shop for and I didn't just want to give her cash. I wanted her to have something that she'd always remember we gave to her.I searched for MONTHS (3 to be exact, and some items were just too mature looking, others were way out of my price range and other items seemed like they might be too cheap (as in the lack of quality). This ring in white gold is an outstanding value compared to what I could find at a local jeweler. I wanted white gold, and thought a heart would be appropriate. Well, I couldn't touch anything like this for under $350 discounted at the jewelry store, so I immediately came home after looking, and purchased this ring.The white gold looks stunning and it won't tarnish like silver. I didn't expect a 13 year-old girl, to actually use a polish cloth. So silver was OUT (which is what the lovely clerks at the store kept trying to sell me, because my price limit was $150-$170 MAX.) The size 5 fit her ring finger perfect, and from the second she opened it- she put it on- and I could tell she loved it and felt like a mature young lady.The diamond is small-but surprisingly sparkly- so don't expect a miracle in a $149 ring that is 14K white gold! Given the size, I would really give the review 4.5 stars, but like I said, you get what you pay for, and so, at this price, it is a 5 star ring well worth it. What you are paying for is the white gold (not the diamond) which isn't thin looking. The ring, in my opinion looks and feels solid.While I did buy this for a teen- I would wear it too. I love hearts, and think it is really an adorable ring for the money. <end>  returned  I got this as a gift but returned it when I saw it. The diamond had a very flat top and was sunk so far down that it was barely visible. The gold seemed good but the diamond ruined the ring. <end>
 B000N66O1A  10k White Gold Diamond Cluster Pendant (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Great product  This was a big hit with my wife for Christmas. She loves the simple style. Stones are very brilliant and the setting is perfect. <end>
 B000N66QG8  14k White Gold Black Diamond Ring (1/3 cttw) ||	  POOR  When I had received this ring, I took a quick look at it. First thing I noticed was that it was ALOT smaller than what the picture makes you think it is. But I gave it to my girlfriend hoping she will still like it. She did but there was something wrong. TWO DIAMONDS WERE MISSING!!! So I returned asking a refund. Now customer service will not refund me or give me the ring back!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!! DONT BUY!!!!!!! <end>  Black & White Diamond Ring  This ring is fabulous, I have received so many compliments on how beautiful this ring is. It is so classy with the black diamond in the middle and white diamonds surrounding it. It has become one of my favorite peices of jewelry. <end>  Beautiful ring  I was going over the intertubes for quite some time looking for a ring for my girlfriend for Christmas. This ring caught my eye quite a few times, and everytime I thought I found a better ring, I kept coming back to this.I finally decided to purchase this ring, and I must tell you, in person, it is so beautiful. I never imagined it'd be so much better looking than even this like, super model picture of it.I kind of want to keep it for myself to tell you the truth. =( <end>  My new favorite ring  Sorry, white diamonds, I have a new favorite ring, and that's my black diamond. It is BEAUTIFUL! <end>  Love it!  I received this ring as a birthday present in July. I love small rings. This is dainty and beautiful, perfect for me. I get a ton of compliments. I work in a hospital and wear it daily. Between the hand sanitizer and washing my hands a million times a day it has held up wonderfully. I haven't lost a single stone and they still sparkle like they did the day I got it. This is the best present I have ever received. <end>  classy looking ring  Beautiful style of ring. The white diamonds are very sparkly, they are also very small. Still very glowing. Not very substantial. Good for daily use. The black diamond has good size. Would recommend. <end>  I love it  I just received this ring today from my boyfriend and I just love it. It does look bigger on Amazon then in real life, but it still stands out. <end>  black diamond ring  The white diamonds were smaller than I had expected. I bought it on sale so I don't mind. It is pretty but it can't possibly be worth the original price of 392.07. <end>  Wonderful Ring  I was given this ring on V'day from my Boyfriend as an engagement ring, I couldn't have asked for anything better it's beautiful I love it. The ring shines and sparkles even in dim light. It's bigger then it looks in the pictures and the open scroll inlay is stunning and it has this amazing antique look to it. I constantly get complements on it. It's the perfect ring engagement ring for some one who wants something different and stunning. <end>  Gorgeous!  Beautiful craftsmanship and amazing quality! The black diamond is perfect, the gold is stunning, and the diamond accents are a nice touch that makes the ring on a whole something of a dream. I would highly reccommend this for anyone who is looking to buy something for that special someone or for themselves that is unique, special, eye catching, and of outstanding quality! <end>  Black Diamond Ring  The ring was very nice and I was pleased. It is a little smaller than shown in the picture, though. After following the sizing chart, it fit good and did not need sizing. The ring was definitely worth the price paid. <end>  Beautiful ring  The ring is very solid and well crafted. It looks beautiful. The black diamond has a minor scratch on the top face but is noticeable only with a magnifying glass. <end>  Itsa nice  Its a nice ring, gave it to my girl its worth what you pay for it. <end>  Lost diamonds!  This ring is gorgeous, and I enjoyed it for a few months. However, after only occasional wear, I've lost two diamonds from the shoulder of the ring. I am very disappointed, as this was one of my favorite rings, and now, with the missing stones, it's too shabby to wear. <end>  request!  can anyone upload a pic of this ring? i love this ring but really want to know how it ACTUALLY looks before buying it. <end>  nice ring  It is a very nice, elegant ring. But it is delicate, so do not expect huge. I am happy with the purchase. <end>  Lovely ring  I'm really not a diamond person yet I love this ring. The black set inthe clear is quite lovely. <end>  looks better online  The ring was missing 2 small diamonds when I got it. It looks a lot better and bigger online, and while it is cute in person, be careful for the smaller diamonds falling out randomly. <end>  Diamond appeared bigger on pictures  We could not ask the more for this price, but the diamond appeared bigger on Amazon's ad. The ring size is one order bigger so we returned to Amazon. Amazon refunded the price less shipping, thank Amazon for us to try. <end>  I saw a 1 carat ring I liked better  I saw a 1 carat you carried that was much prettier for less than dbl the cost. I simply prefer the 1 carat <end>  Beautiful Ring  This was actually bigger than i expected. I get so many compliments on this ring. It is a dainty ring but stands out. I am so pleased and wear it every day. The tiny chips of diamonds compliment the center stone.You do not have to have it under lights for it to sparkle. One of the best purchases i have made. <end>  Classic design, very sturdy and comfortable  I purchased this ring when I lost my wedding band. Sure it doesn't look like a wedding band, but for the price, I had a ring to wear again. The profile is not shown in Amazon's pics. The setting around the central diamond is an open scroll type design -- like an antique ring. The black diamond does not pit or scuff like black onyx. It is a simple but effective cut. The accessory diamonds do sparkle and in the 4-5 months I've worn this ring, I've not lost any of the little diamond chips. They appear to be fixed well on the band. I bought it at the Friday sale for about $100. I'd buy it again in a flash for the $129 it's listed at today. <end>  ohiobuckeye  Ring is tiny and more square than round as picture shows. Beautiful ring. I have gotten alot of compliments on it. Ring is more contemporary looking in person. I love it. <end>  Bad condition rings  This ring is a beautiful ring but the first shipment of this ring had scratches on the diamond and was missing 2 diamonds on the shoulder of the ring. I returned the ring for a replacement of the same ring, the second ring was even worse. Clearly visible white scratch right in the middle of a black diamond does not look that great. And this time 1 diamond missing on the shoulder of the ring. I returned it for a refund. Thanks alot Amazon. <end>  My girlfriend loves it  I got this ring for my girlfriend and she just loves it, it's so pretty and trust me looks better in person then the picture, it's just very beautiful. <end>  Just my size  The ring just arrived - about a week after I ordered it. It is the perfect size for me - perfect size diamonds and perfect size ring. I love it! It sparkles and shines and is just what I expected. There are some flaws in the black diamond that you can see on the inside of the stone - but I don't mind because that makes it apparent that the stone is not an onyx or other dark stone. The holdings do not look completely sturdy - so I will have to see how well it holds up to wear. But it is a beautiful ring. <end>  epic fail quality!!!!  Length   0 37 Minsi always buy my stuff from amazon..so one day i decided to buy a ring for my wife as a valentine's gift..this ring is epic fail..bad quality..the black stone in the middle black stone is all cracked up and tarnished..i even took a macro picture of the ring...i returned it right away.. <end>  Expensive looking ring with many comments  I was shopping for a gift at Williams-Sonoma over the weekend. Two ladies that were next to me comment on my ring, "how beautiful it was". Then when I went to pay for my items, the sales assoicates also comment on my ring and asks what kind of stone was it I said a black diamond. <end>  beautiful!  this was halloween gift from my boyfriend, and i absolutely love it! the picture does not do it justice, it is very sparkly and lovely. <end>  Black Diamond Ring  I received this ring from my son for my birthday and was very impressed. I've never owned a black diamond. It's very elegant. The small diamonds around it set it off beautifully. I would definitely purchase another black diamond! <end>  Girl friend loved it  My girl friend loved it and it was exactly the right size. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Wedding Ring  Purchased to be my wedding band. I loved it when I first got it but after a short time I am already missing a small diamond stone on the far right. but it is beautiful and I do wear it all the time. Get a lot of compliments on it. <end>
 B000N66QJU  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 8 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000N6AN6W  10k White Gold 2-Stone Split-Bale Diamond Ring (0.08 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Great buy!  I bought this as a promise ring for my girl friend and she liked it very much. The two diamonds look very good. The ring is simple but beautiful at the same time and for the price, it is a great buy indeed. <end>  Great Promise Ring  I gave this to my girlfriend as a promise ring and she loved it. The diamonds are extremely tiny, but that works well with a promise ring. The ring is very pretty and very well made. <end>  Nice ring  This is a very nice little ring for the price. Makes a nice promise ring, but I bought it because it was very dainty looking and I wanted it as a pinkie ring. I give it 5 stars because it met what I wanted and more for the price . . very pretty. <end>  Perfect Christmas Present  My mom bought me this ring as a christmas present two years ago and I absolutely love it. It is very small, but it works out because it is discrete, and pops when you look at it. Mine is still shiny and looks brand new, so this ring wears very well. I am looking for a new ring for my other hand, but I wear this ring everyday. This ring is not only perfect for a girlfriend, but it's also perfect for a daughter. <end>  Love This Ring!  Let me start this review by saying - I planned on just having a plain wedding band for my wedding ring. I've never been a fan if big giant diamonds and I am also prone to losing jewelry and snagging it on stuff and breaking it. I came across this ring on Amazon and decided to change from the plain wedding band, to this. The item arrived quickly and in a nice blue velvet box. Its adorable! Its perfect if you want an understated ring and if giant diamonds aren't your thing. The diamonds are nested in the setting so they aren't raised and won't snag on anything. For the price of the ring they are bigger than I expected them to be, and very sparkly and beautiful! The ring itself is also very shiny, the fit was perfect. This is one purchase where I feel like I got more than I paid for, which doesn't happen very often! Since I have been wearing it people have commenting on how nice it is, noticing it before I even show it to them. That should tell you how good it looks. People also think it was very expensive. I am very happy with this purchase. I can't wait for my wedding now! <end>  Perfect fit  This ring is petite, charming, and sparkly. It doesn't draw too much attention to itself, but it remains beautiful. Shipping was quick, and it arrived in a beautiful ring box.I only have 1 small issue with it. It seems one of the diamonds has a small chip on it, and tends to catch itself on random clothing fuzz sometimes. This makes me concerned over the quality of the diamonds, but I got it on sale ($40) so it doesn't concern me that much. Be aware of it if you buy it full price though. <end>  Great Ring  Bought it for the fiance and she loved it. She couldn't be happier with any other ring and the only downside is it needs to be resized now but thats not the fault of anyone. <end>
 B000N6ANA8  10k White Gold Diamond Journey Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Love it!  This ring is absolutely adorable. It looks just like it does in the photo.My fingers are petite and it's not too big or too small. Now if you like bold flashy jewelry then it's not for you. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I'm just learning about good quality diamonds and the stones aren't like crystal clear but they are definitely still pretty with a good shine to them. <end>  B-E-A-UTIFUL  I had purchased a ring almost double the price of this one from kohls.com, same specs... 14k white gold and 1/4 cttw. When I recieved it in the mail it was a piece of junk! I knew i was on a budget and you get what you pay for right? Wrong, I returned it that day and found this little gem. I was hesitant to buy, but decided to anyways and boy am I glad I did! No noticable defects in the diamonds to the naked eye (the baguette in the previous ring i purchased looked like broken shards of glass!) and the stones don't appear to have a yellow tint at all. Very happy! <end>  It's nice but--  They have a nice sparkle for a ring of this price. That said, I find that the ring bends/flexes too easily, I am definitely afraid it will fall off at some point. <end>  Extraordinary beauty at an affordable price  I've bought jewelry before, but never a ring and never from an online retailer, so I was a bit leery of purchasing right away; I took my time looking at all the different styles and finally settled on this (the journey diamond ring). Amazon's collection truly had the most versatile selection all set to a price that won't break your budget. I strongly recommend purchasing from them, you couldn't ask for better quality even from a professional jeweler. <end>  EXACTLY what I wanted, and EXACTLY what I expected  I ordered this ring as a birthday present for my girlfriend and as soon as I got it I knew she was going to love it. The fact that the shipping was free and came within 10 days of ordering it (I chose the FREE Super Saver Shipping option) only made the shopping experience more enjoyable.I would not even try to find a ring like this at a department store or jeweler for this price.Overall I am very happy with the order and the received product <end>
 B000N87ZD4  Sterling Silver Amber Flaming Sun Hook Dangle Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings  I came across this item unexpectedly and just had to purchase them as they match a pendant that was given to me as a gift. The price was right and the closures are secure. I love amber jewelry and these earrings are beautiful. <end>  Amber earrings  I ordered the sun flaming necklaces for my Great grand-daughters . Wanted the EARRINGS TO MATCH. wHEN I GOT THEM , THEY WERE BEAUTIFUL AND JUST RIGHT FOR THEIR AGES WHICH ARE 11-9- 4. <end>  AGREST  VERY NICE EARING, I BOTH FROM RECOMENDATION OF MY FREND, BUT SOME PROBLEMS WAS WITH DELIVERY, ALMOST TOOK A WEEK,FOR EXPRESS DELIVERY COMPANY CHARGE ME $24.99, BUT WAS NOT EXPRESS, AND IT'S VERY EXPENSIVE FOR THAT KIND OF SERVICE. <end>
 B000N8QFZS  14k White Gold Inside-Out Pave Diamond Hoop Earrings (3/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Nice  Diamonds are small, but nice color, lots of sparkle, my wife loves them, she says they are beautiful and was very surprised when I gave them to her for our anniversary. Would buy again. <end>
 B000N8XHMW  14k White Gold Oval Pave Diamond Hoop Earrings (1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Earrings for my Sweetie  The earrings arrived quickly, and were beautiful, we had shoppedlocal jewelry stores, only to find comparable earrings costing muchmore. My girlfriend loves them, I'm happy, because she is very picky.Thank you, Craig <end>  No sparkle at all  The earings themselves look nice but if you are buying them because of the diamonds then don't waste your time. You will be sending them back like I did.The diamonds have absolutely no sparkle, even in the direct sun. The only reason why I buy things with diamonds is because they sparkle, these don't, they look like someone forget to put in the batteries. <end>
 B000N8XHOA  14k White Gold Oval Pave Diamond Hoop Earrings (3/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  "One chip off from perfect"  Ordered for my wife and gave to her for our anniversary. She likes them but one diamond chip was missing. Amazon indicated you had no more available and offered a 'return'. Elected to keep and had a local jewler replace the chip. Similar earrings in local stores were three to ten times the price so I cannot complain. I think the 'fix' only cost about $20. <end>
 B000N8Z4K0  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Station Necklace, 17" (1/5 cttw) ||	  Not worth it  I ordered this product for everyday wear. The Bizet setting holding the stones overwhelmed the stones, they were dark, covered in metal, had no shine thru and no light could get to them to sparkle or show facets or colors; it could have been dirty glass. The chain was too thin, ready to snap at the first hair snag. I returned it and found a CZ for less that looked much better. <end>
 B000NBKMKY  Amazon.com  Burgundy Rhodium Cufflink | Rectangle Stripes Cufflink  Clothing ||	  Colorful Cufflinks3  These cufflinks are a wonderful bright lime green - unique and fun - gorgeous against a white shirt! I bought them on sale - great value, well made and come in a nice little box. <end>
 B000NBKMOA  Amazon.com  Blue Rhodium Cufflink | Track Stripes Cufflink  Clothing ||	  Best value for the money  I have several pairs of cuff links from Enrico Pardini and they look great and are holding up very well to every use. <end>  nice cufflinks  I was very satisfied with this purchase. I bought them as a gift, and was pleased that the representation in the photo online was exactly what they looked like when they arrived. <end>
 B000NBKMP4  Amazon.com  Silver Rhodium Cufflink | Squares In Squares Cufflink  Clothing ||	  Nice for the price!  Nice product, better looking than the picture and the colors match a tie that I have. I paid much less than they are currently selling for (I think I paid $3. yes, $3.) so watch for sales from this seller. <end>
 B000NCQKKO  Two Tone Exceptional Men's Diamond Ring ||	  Good price  The ring arrived with a few scratches, but it is going to get scratches anyways during wear. Very nice ring, even showed up as insured mail. <end>
 B000ND9ZDC  Brett Bros T2x Necklace ||	  Great Product....!!!  A Must Have for anyone with sore shoulders or neck....you'll see most professional ball players wearing them and I can say that Titanium really works wonders...!!! <end>  Awesome product  Great product...12yr old loved it...problems with payment...on my part...thought item was coming after Christmas but they were able to get it to me before...Great Job! <end>  Piece of junk!  We ordered these necklaces for my boys Christmas stockings. Within one wearing the first of the two necklaces broke. The very first time my son took the necklace off it came detached from the metal clapse. The other one we order is greatly fraying at the clapse and it has only been 2 weeks. I'm sure it will not make it a month! We have ordered other titanium necklaces and have never had this kind of problem! <end>
 B000NFOI7S  3.0mm flat curb gold chain available in necklace, bracelet and anklet lengths (14K Solid Gold) ||	  Nice width  For those who break ankle bracelets all the time, like me. This one was heavier. <end>
 B000NG7EW8  Multi Color Swarovski Crystal Three Strand Bracelet ||	  Happy Grandma  I've purchased many of these bracelets & I have had SO MANY compliments on them! They sparkle in the sunlight better than diamonds! I gave one to each of my granddaughters & they were thrilled! They are very dainty so you can wear them together or by themselves. I'll be ordering more soon. They are truly beautiful (AND comfortable)and the price is just right. <end>
 B000NGJ2PU  Sterling Silver Epoxy Flamingo Charm ||	  Flamingos, How Much Fun  If you like flamingos this one will certainly charm you. It is finished on both sides pink splashed over white blended into silver with a white beak. It's stance, the cocked leg portrays a realistic image of the FLAMINGO! A unique and fun addition to your bracelet, enjoy, I am. <end>
 B000NGJ2QO  Sterling Silver Epoxy Cow Charm ||	  silver cow charm  I loved it! came as described; was well protected and packaged. I would definitely recommend the seller and the way they do business. thank you. <end>
 B000NGJ2QY  Sterling Silver Epoxy Turtle Charm ||	  Very cute  This was a very cute charm that I sent my mom, and she loved it. It's a nice quality and looks very cute! Recommend it as it's not expensive either <end>  very cute  I collect turtle jewelry, and I'm very happy with this piece. It is adorable in person. <end>
 B000NGJ2WS  Sterling Silver Epoxy Red Mini-Skirt Charm ||	  Cute  Too bad smartphones no longer have places to put a charm. I am turning this into a necklace. <end>
 B000NGJ41M  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond Stacking Eternity Band ||	  Beautiful  Beautiful ring. Wearing as my wedding ring after loosing alot of weight. Looks fabulos! Very sparkly and not to bulky. <end>  Yay!  I just received my order today and the rings are awesome! They are a good weight not cheap and flimsy like I feared they'd be. They sparkle like crazy and dare I say they look like the real deal? ;) I am very impressed and I can't wait to wear them. Thanks Amazon.  ) <end>  very good quality  Do not hesitate to purchase this set. Very good quality stones as well as the setting. I am wearing two on either side of a three stone diamond band and it looks great! <end>  A whole lotta bling for a little cha ching!!  This ring is unbelievably beautiful...as in it sparkles like diamonds and looks like them..such high quality and I find everytime I wear this set I catch people staring at it or complimenting it. The very first time I wore it I was bartending a wedding and had a guest take my hand and ooh and ahh over it and then go get her huband and had him check it out--it was a test to see if it was a ring that could pass for the real thing and this one truly passes that test. Very comfortable to wear and with the way she shines you will never want to take it off your hand!! <end>  I love this.  This ring is prettier in person. The ring it self is very comfortable to wear. Stones are very real looking. Sparkle beautifully in the sun. I love this. People compliment me on this every day. The ring is also true to size. <end>  Lots of Bling!  Beautiful, small enough to pass for real diamonds, and plenty bling! Sizing is spot on, and it arrived packaged beautifully. <end>  Surprisingly Nice  I just got this and i really like it. The stones are small enough to not give off that cz rainbow thing The setting is a little shiney and light but in time I hope it darkens a little but it is heavier than some semi-precious stone rings I have in the same style. It is a little big but not enough to make me think it's going to fall off and a size smaller would have made it too small. I am going to separate them and wear one at a time, but people have different tastes and would be able to wear it as they wish and it would still look nice. <end>  Great ring  Three rings that can be worn together or separately - great deal and looks good too! Ring is comfortable to wear. <end>  Love these rings!  First of all the title is misleading. It states eternity band as in &#34;one&#34; band, this is a set of three bands which makes this an excellent value! On top of that, these bands are beautiful, they sparkle like nobody's business! I bought them to wear along side a princess cut solitaire eternity band, and they look beautiful! They are not too over the top which makes them believable. Love, love, love, them! <end>  Amazing pirchase!!  The ring came in today and i am in love!!!! Three separate bands, they look amazing. They are nice and thick, quality is very good. It sparkles like real diamonds. I am beyond happy with this purchase! Came in two days early which was an added bonus! <end>  Great Quality  This 3 ring set is well worth the price. They sparkle like real diamonds. They do not look cheap or fake. I am very happy with the quality and price of my purchase. <end>  Beautiful Classy  Love these rings they are beautiful pictures does not do them justice worth every penny planning on buying another set. these rings are excellent on every day wear wash dishes with them they will still shine wow!! <end>  WOWEE!  This is worth at least twice what it costs and is very believable size and the round stones are faceted (cut) exactly with the right amount of facets and NO WAY would ANYONE guess they were not real! NO WAY! Very comfy too. Doesn't irritate finger. Came in 2 days I think...I am ECSTATIC! <end>  Just wasn't meant for me  They were definitely beautiful as previous reviews stated. The problem is that I must have odd fingers as they were so big they made my middle and pinky fingers stick way out to the side. It was far from comfortable and would have looked awkward to someone else's eyes. I am sending them back. Other than the too-bulky-for-me problem, the 2 day shipping was fast. The rings do not look cheap at all, but be prepared (in case you are like me) to have the prongs poking you. I even tried just one or two of the rings and it did not look right. <end>  Love, love, LOVE!!!  These rings were EXACTLY what I was looking for. After reading the reviews, I decided to purchase them after looking at them over and over again for weeks. Not only did they get delivered in like, a split second (ordered them Friday night and had them at my door Monday when I got home from work with just standard shipping), but they are BEAUTIFUL. Even with all of the real jewelry I have and usually only wear real, these may just be one of my favorite pieces now. True to size, the thickness of each band is perfect, and they sparkle like real diamonds. I CAN see how people would think they are uncomfortable between your fingers, but I definitely think you quickly get used to them. For the price, they are SO worth it. Also, just a side note, some people had said the middle band has larger CZ's than the other two, but all 3 rings of mine are the exact same size...so I don't know what happened there, but mine are perfect. <end>  ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!  Received the three rings in a size 6 a few days ago. They are gorgeous and I have already paired them with a number of my other wide band rings (one on either side of the ring) and they fit beautifully. They also sparkle just like the real thing - they are not too white but very believable. I am very picky about my jewelry and will send something back in a second if I don't instantly fall in love with it. I was so happy with these rings that I just ordered another set in size 5 to wear on my left hand. <end>  Beautiful!  These rings are so pretty. Very comfortable and they shine like the real things. Love them. <end>  Pretty Rings  These are very pretty rings but they are alittle uncomfortable to wear. They are rough along the edges and hurt between your fingers. <end>  Beautiful ring set  This is a lovely ring set. Beautifully made, quite heavy (doesn't feel light and cheap) and sparkles nicely. My only observations (not complaints really) would be that the stones in the two stacking rings on either side are much smaller than the middle ring, something that is not noticeable in the picture. The second thing is that there is a big "CHINA" stamp inside the ring. If you're fussy about such things then don't get this ring.All in all a lovely ring set and well worth the money for something that you can wear every day that will give your hand added sparkle. <end>  Very realistic, comfortable.  I bought this set of three planning to use two to flank a blue eternity band I already had. The size is about half a carat for each ring, with a very nice sparkle and shine. This is very realistic looking and they look great toghether. Because the stones are not too large, they fit quite comfortably. Highly recommended! <end>  Love them!  I can't wear all three since my ring is squared but I love them. They fit great and I can't tell if it is real or not. I have gotten some compliments on it and I like that I have an extra one in case something happens. They came just in time for me to wear them for Christmas. I may buy some more just to have as spares. <end>  Love love love these rings  I was worried about buying this set of rings, when I received them I thought they were beautiful! They are very true to size, so if you purchase them for your dominant hand order a size bigger, I have gotten so many compliments on them, they look real...and I'm not telling anyone there not! <end>  Not real sterling silver  Purchased these for my wedding ring to wear on opposite sides. I got a lot of compliments on them and they did look amazing for about one months before they started to loose their lustedr and sparkle.. two months later all the silver has been rubbed off and I don't even wear my wedding rings all day. Good for show but don't last long. <end>  in love  the product is amazing quality! they clanged ;ole ex[ensive jewelry when i was opening the box. very realistic. not too much bling. so simple and elegant. i love it! plus shipping was super fast! <end>  Perfect!  I love the look of this ring. I've worn the rings for two weeks straight now. They don't grap on my clothes and I've even worn them in the shower with them coming out looking perfect.The sizing was correct. <end>  Great set of rings  I just received my rings last night and they are very pretty. Good quality and lots of sparkle. Since they are eternity bands they are a little bulkier than some stacking rings, especially since they are prong set. I have average size hands and I am happy with the fit and comfort. They are true to size. Shipping was prompt and the item was well packaged. <end>  fantastic  very good product no flaws looks to good and very nice quality would buy more rings and things from this deler again thanks again <end>  I love these rings!  These rings are perfect! I bought these because I lost a stone from my wedding band and I wanted to replace it, so now I have one to replace it and one to wear as an anniversary band and another as a back up! Ther fit true to size and are wonderful. Good buy  ) <end>  Love-Love-Love  These rings are amazing!!They look amazing and they really sparkle..I am so glad that I bought these and they will be rings that I will continue to wear!! <end>  Great little stackers  After an extensive search, I found these to be the best price. When I received them, I was very pleased. They are true to size, and, despite having stones all the way around, they are comfortable. The center band is very slightly wider than the other two, which gives the set interest. However, I was basically looking for two little bands to stack before and after a white gold and mixed gemstone ring I received as a birthday present and these are *perfect*. <end>  love thes  Wanted something simple and sparkly and perhaps to layer with other jewelry. These were fairly inexpensive but don"t look it! Have worn a few times now and love them although I will say that they seem to be slightly on the tight side, VERY SLIGHTLY. Maybe its just the warm summer months though.... <end>  beautiful!  I bought this set to wear with my ring that my husband had made for me. I have tried several rings and used the 2 smaller bands. They clean up so wonderfully and blend rigt with my platinum/diamond ring that I wear with it. I would recommend this ring if you are looking to make a set with an engagement ring. <end>  Love it  Love the ring - does not look like CZ, wore it out the first night I got it and so many compliments and so comfortable to wear and fast shipping. Will def buy again from here <end>  Great Value for Ring guards  Purchased these as ring guards. I use 2 of them to "oopmh" up my solitaire and I use the third to stack with other stack rings. What a great value for multiple uses! Sparkles nicely and is so believable because of its small size. I read how others felt the prongs were poking other fingers, but I don't seem to find this to be an issue. <end>  Beautiful and fun!  I bought this for myself because I love the look of diamonds but I am not too excited about what some people have to go through in order to mine them. So, I thought I'd get some CZs. I have gotten SO many compliments on these rings. People think they're real, I'm assuming... Anyway, I got one as a gift for one of my ring's many admirers and she was thrilled. One of the rings does have larger stones, as previous reviewers have mentioned, but it doesn't bother me at all, especially considering the price. I just feel so fancy when I wear these. LOVE EM. <end>  Wao!!  Guys, if you want to make your mom, sister, aunt, girlfriend, wife happy you need to get this - absolutely great! <end>  Comfort and beauty!  This ring is very comfortable to wear. I love the design of it and the shine is beautiful. You can't really tell in the picture but the middle ring stones are slightly larger than the other two rings. This gives it an even more unique look and makes it stand out from similar rings. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stacking Eternity Band Rings  These 3 rings are very lovely and beautiful. The stones are so white and have so much sparkle. At first I was hesitant to order them thinking they might be uncomfortable since the stones go all the way around the ring, but they I found them to be very comfortable.They look nice worn together or individually with other rings. <end>  beautiful jewelry  The three rings were beautiful and sparkled continously in the light. I was really impressed with these rings and will continue to order jewelry from amazon!! <end>  Center ring IS different from guard rings  I never expected these rings to be so nice. I really like this set.No missing stones, everything seems secureI'm not sure if I saw it in any of the other reviews and it was for sure not mentioned in the item description and does not seem obvious in the photo, but two of the rings have smaller stones than the third ring... It is very noticable once you look at the interior side of the rings.The larger stoned ring is put in the center and it does not really interlock with the side rings at all, but it still looks great. Just thought that it would have been nice to know beforehand that it was not three identical stacking rings. I would actually call it an eternity ring with two guard rings instead of a matched stack.Also I think these rings run a little small?... my right hand fingers are larger than my left hand. I ordered the regular size I always wear for my right hand and this stack is a bit tight, but it fits perfectly on my left hand.But it is a beautiful ring with lots of possibilities... love it so far <end>  sterling ring  I love this ring. It is really quite pretty. I get compliments on it all the time and people don't realize that is cz. <end>  Very appealing  I wasn't really sure what to expect of this set of 3 rings. However, it's a very appealing ring. I'm not sure if I could fool anyone that they're real diamonds but it's still very beautiful and I plan to wear it often. <end>  reasonable price that ring not bad.  resonable price.No bad for private wearing.If you need to look better.Should make by used more weight of sterling silver.and bigger Cz.if the price is more expensive but i can affordable.for conclusion this ring good enough for private wearing and reasonable price <end>  scollins  Love these rings. Came quickly & flawless. One does have stones just a little bigger than the other two. I put the two that matched on either side of my engagement ring and they all look gorgeous together. I have small hands and still all three rings on are comfortable. I can also wear all three of these bands together on my wedding ring finger to switch it up if I want a change. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants something that looks real and expensive without spending the "real" money. Someone actually thought they were real today so they passed the test. I have done everything I normally would with them on...shower, lotion, work, dishes. So far no issues. <end>  Good Quality  The ring is beautiful. very nice, very shiny. size is dead on. one of my favorite rings yet. U can wash your hands with it and not worry about tarnishing it. It defiantly stays shiny and new " ) I am very happy with it. it was defin a great buy <end>  very nice set. She loved it.  very nice stacking set.See loved it and I got the size right only on the second time!!!...my fault not theirs! <end>  Great Quality  These are really nice rings. I usually do not like eternity bands but these are really nice. Yes one band is slightly larger then the other two but it still looks fabulous. I wear them on my index finger or thumb because I ordered one size larger thinking I needed to but they are really nice rings. Dont hessitate. Buy them. Great item. <end>  Lovely rings  I've had my rings for about a month now and I wear them daily including to my work at a restaurant so I am constantly washIng my hands and they have held up wonderfully! They seemed like they would be uncomfortable at first but after a few days I didn't notice them any longer. They are very pretty and don't look fake at all! Highly recommend. <end>  sparkingly wonderful.  Its so beautiful, it came in a lttle bag and sparks like diamond. iam considering another one because it looks so rich thoigh i havent used it for long.just 5 days old. <end>  So sharp and great for traveling  These are so beautiful. I got these for summer, hands swell and I cant wear my normal rings, and for traveling...so I dont have to worry so much. These have gotten me so many compliments and they are still shiny. <end>  I love these rings  I love this three-piece ring set. It arrived about three days after I ordered it and I have not stopped wearing the set yet. I love the sparkle and I have not found them to be uncomfortable to wear together as some stated. Also, all three bands are the same size and look realistic. It is nearly two months and I am still enjoying the sparkle on my finger. I love the set so much that I am buying a set for my sister to enjoy as well. I suggest that if you are thinking about buying this set, go for it. <end>  These rings are gorgeous!  I got these rings for a replacement wedding band at work, as well as an anniversary band.They are extemely versatile, and I love the way they work with other rings I have, individually, and together. They are an exceptional value, as well. I plan on letting them sit out exposed to air so they tarnish just a little and better match my white gold wedding set. The stones are very sparkly and real looking, not so big as to look ridiculous on me. Love love love them! I feel like they will be favorites forever. <end>  Love it!  Got my rings today and I LOVE them! they are absolutely gorgeous, they sparkle like real diamonds, don't look cheap at all! and they are beautiful! I am kind of person who love real deal but don't mind saving some $$. You won't REGRET it, they are true to size I wear size 5 and they fit so good and super comfortable, I have a small hands so I was a little concerned after reading the reviews but they perfect. Note  As others mentioned on the reviews, one of the rings do have slightly bigger stones than the other two, but to me it is not an issue at all, and you have to look up close to see that. Order it, it's so worth the money! I will update my review in few weeks. <end>  Great Price, Better Quality!!  This Cubic Zirconia Ring set is the perfect accessory for any woman. This ring looks just like the real thing and if you don't tell no one will ever know. I love my stackable rings, I can wear the for any occasion, and the complements just keep coming. You will love these also and you won't be disappointed. <end>  Awesome!! soooo worth buying!  This ring is the bomb!!! I was lookin for something pretty I could wear everyday. My wedding band set is very expensive so I did not want to overuse it. I got this ring because it looks soooo much like my original wedding band and matches my eng ring. When I received the package (within 3 days), I was shocked how similar it looks. The cz is a great copy of the diamonds! I swear you cannot tell the difference unless u have it 1 inch from your eye and u stear at it for a while. I even wear this ring with my eng ring which has real diamonds and you really can't tell the difference. The only difference is th metal, my eng ring is 14k white gold which is obviously darker than this sterling silver. Anyhow, I'm very picky about my jewelery and I love the real stuff, but i do not mind wearing this at all!! Too bad they dont have half sizes, i'm 5.5 in ring size so I got the 6 and its a little loose. <end>  CZ stacking eternity rings  Loved it! Loved it! Ready to order another set in another size! Shopped around b4 ordering and this price couldn't be beat. <end>  Perfect  Love these rings. Using two of them as ring guards for a man's ring that's very special to me, but was way too big. I didn't want to get the man's ring sized so wanted two "ring guards". Looks classy and small enough stones to look like the real thing! Great, great purchase! <end>  love it!!!  i love this ring....i have been searching for a ring that i could use at work and i have finally found one! it looks so real, i have received a lot of compliments already. <end>  Love this Ring  I just love this ring. It is so versatile. I had a set of enamel rings that needed a little something added to them to give them a spark of beauty. Anything I had looked at was at least $20 and I would have to order two of them to be able to wear the rings in a couple different ways. When I saw this set of rings I was excited to think of the many ways I could wear them and at a price that I would not be afraid to wear them. So glad I did. I've worn just one or all three, with my enamel rings, and with plain bands. These rings shine nicely and feel great. My favorite way to wear them is one by itself, a nice classy look. They are made very well, I don't worry about a stone falling out of them. <end>  Wonderful, they are wonderful.  Very pretty ring set!!!! I bought them so I can stack them along with my engagement ring and they look so beautiful together!! I'm a fan of sparkly things but I don't have any diamonds, so these are the perfect complement for the ring I had already. I will post a picture so you can see how pretty they look. Shipment was FAST. <end>  Simply Gorgeous  Looks very real, very pleased! Actually going to be wearing this with a matching zirconia bracelet at my daughter's wedding. <end>  cute! but not the real thing!  I bought this ring because i always wanted to add an anniversary ring to my wedding ring... these rings look so fake next to my wedding ring... if u are buying it to wear next to high quality jewelry ...do not buy.. but if you plan on wearing it by it's self... BUY IT... <end>  STUNNING!!!  I just received these ring's today. Super fast shipping. They arrived in 5 days. I ordered this set based on others reviews. I was NOT disappointed! These are definitely more beautiful in person. I am using two of them as ring gards for a three stone princess cut ring I just ordered also. It looks SPECTACULAR. I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER.THIS LOOKS LIKE A VERY HIGH END PIECE! <end>  Tarnished  Not happy  ( I was so excited for these, and I'm sure the rings would be wonderful if they weren't tarnished!! Not sure if they were just old stock or what, but they def didn't look new. I will prob just try to clean them up the best I can. <end>  The perfect set  I purchased this set because I wanted to see if a stackable set of right would nice with my engagement ring as I am getting married in March. I have since been wearing the rings and have gotten so many compliments on them! Worth the price and shine just as a real diamond does! <end>  Silver Eternity Rings  I love them and have them on now.I wear themto keep larger rings on since I hv lost a lot of weight. Thbeautiful and look like the real <end>  Amazing!!!!  I am very happy with my purchase! The rings are beautiful and look very expensive! I find myself looking at them and smiling! <end>  Awesome  I bought this item as a test to determine if I wanted an eternity band as I heard they were uncomfortable and I did not want to spend alot of money for something I did not like. I LOVE this ring and I plan on wearing it for a long time. It's actually three rings so if you feel like wearing just one band you can and it is very pretty. It looks expensive and I have had numerous comments from people regarding how pretty it is and when I tell them how much it cost they are shocked. Well worth the money and I received it very quickly ) <end>  just right  Just what I wanted...great buy. It came in 3 days and wears very nicely. A nice gift from me to me. The ring does not disapoint. <end>  Nice ring set  Very nice ring set especially for price. Only complaint is I think they run about 1/2 size small. Highly recommend <end>  not like real thing  This look exactly what it is  CZ. Is NOT WAY for somebody to believe that is real. <end>  WRONG ITEM  DID NOT RECEIVE THE ITEM I ORDERED! VERY DISAPPOINTED IN AMAZON, AND I AM A REGULAR CUSTOMER! I RECEIVED A SINGLE ROW BAND. NOT STACKING! <end>  Really Pretty  Great sparkle, accurate sizing. Perfect amount of bling! I would love to have a set for my pinkie as well. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  This is such a beautiful ring!!!! I can't wait to wear it. It's the perfect touch for an evening out. <end>  Gorgeous, Just Gorgeous  Getting married in a few weeks, using these rings as a substitute until we purchase our permanent set, rings arrived in timely fashion, once I put them on............they are just gorgeous, absolutely stunning, I paired them with my 3 stone past present ring and with my sterling silver band, and they definitely hold their own. Looks like the real thing to the untrained eye, but could very well fool the trained eye. For the money you can't go wrong. Great Buy! <end>  Ring sizes do not match!  Although these are suppose to be stackable, they do not line up well and contains 2 smaller bands - in ring size and CZ size. The prongs on the bands are very uncomfortable and sharp and will take some getting used to. Other than the size issues I would not have returned them if the rings and CZ were all the same size. <end>  PDanish  I have been wearing these rings for about a month now and I am very impressed. The problem with other rings I have purchased like these has always been the fact that the stones have fallen out within the first week of wearing them. I have NOT lost any stones and these rings have been a great substitute for my gold rings. I have been very pleased so far..... <end>  Uncomfortable  The rings are pretty but they are very uncomfortable. I only wore one at a time and couldn't get used to it. I am normally a 4.5 so maybe they were just too big. I sent them back for a refund. <end>  they're ok  The rings are very cute. I personally do not think they look real, but then again you get what you pay for. I don't know if anyone else had this problem, but the CZ stones very easily come off. The first day I wore them, I lost 2 stones on each ring. That was disappointing. <end>  They sparkle....  and good value. The rings are about half a size bigger than the actual size you think you're ordering. Yes one ring is bigger than the other two but I like the set better that way and I would've preferred if they were all the size of the larger one. They are a little wide so it takes some getting used to but they are not rough as some have stated. I like them and I pair them with my engagement ring. The silver looks like platinum to me. <end>  What a great purchase...over a year later!  Still as beautiful as the day I bought them! One of the bands is slightly larger than the other two, which is fine with me. Other than that, I can't believe how little I paid for these beautiful bands! <end>  looks cheap  I received the ring...it looked soo much better in the picture. I looks extremely cheap, like a ring that you would buy from a vending machine. <end>  Must Have Ring Set!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I think this item is fabulous.You can wear all of these beautiful rings together or stacked with a ring in the middle! They look like flawless diamonds.Get this item quickly. You will be glad you did! <end>  CZ eternity rings  Love them!!! Too bad they don't have half sizes because I need and 8 and got a 9 and they are a little big. But they look great and wear well. <end>  beautiful rings, worth the wait  i ordered this ring set about a month and a half ago and rec'd them end of october. the minute i opened the box and slipped them out of the pouch, i was in love  p these rings are well made, sparkle like crazy and look very passable as the real thing. i have worn them all the time since then from doing the dishes, gardening, kneading dough, you name it. they are still as lovely as the day i rec'd them. the size runs true and for the price, this deal cannot be beat. <end>  Rough edges make it tough to wear  I purchased these rings, to go with my gold rings, (to help make my gold rings, "pop" a little more with the white metal, without spending a fortune). I purchased them, to wear only two of them, on either side, of my real anniversary ring, and engagement ring. However, the stones are set in a way, that they dig into the fingers, next to the ring. Even when worn, with another two bands, (to help take the "pressure" off of the new bands), they still dug into my fingers, on both sides. I also found the rings, to be a bit larger, than a true size five. Don't get me wrong, they were pretty, very pretty. However, they were not worth being THAT uncomfortable. <end>  Looks cheap  Shipping was very fast and came in a velvet pouch but don't waste your money. It looks cheap on and feels cheap. Very dissapoibted in this purchase. <end>  Good quality for the money  Great set of rings. They are as advertised and are decent quality for the money. Very comfortable. My only issue - they were just a pinch large - nothing a ring guard couldn't solve. Will surely purchase from this manufacturer again. <end>  Size matters  Lovely piece of jewelry, BUT...What the photo doesn't clearly show is that one of the rings in this 3-ring set has larger stones than the other two. Not a big deal really, but I think there should be some clarification in the product description. <end>  Stunning!  So pleased with this ring. Simply beautiful and I love wearing them! It's definitely worth the money and I can't stop looking at my hand. <end>  I love it  I love this band for its awesome and shiny look. My friends likes it too, I am picky about rings but this one clearly wins my choice. <end>  Very believable  Only negative is that the three did not look exactly the same. One seems a little larger than the other two. But as a complement to my wedding and engagement rings, they look great. <end>  Nice Buy!  I purchased this ring for myself and use it almost everyday! It is just enough without being too much. It is easy to wear seems to be made well. Matches almost everything. Was thinking about adding a single larger stone to the stack soon. The size fit perfectly since I am a 5 sometimes hard to find. I would recommend this ring for the price and look. <end>  Great for the right hand  Thanks to all the reviewers of this product. I'm blind and rely quite heavily on customer reviews.I've been wearing these rings constantly for about a week now and find them quite comfortable. As previous reviews have stated, they are a little thick and the stones a little rough. I got used to it rather quickly though.I wanted something pretty for my right hand that I didn't have to remember to remove constantly. I use my hands to "see" so I'm picky about rings. So far they haven't gotten caught on anything or been a hindrance. The only time I've really noticed them is while washing my hands; if washing too vigourously, you'll feel those stones. Also, I remove when washing or styling hair, as they pull a little.The inside of the ring is smooth and comfortable and I can't wait to experiment paring one or two of them with other silver rings. For the price, you can't pass up these rings. I'll let the other reviews speak to their beauty, but I can tell you I've gotten compliments and my boyfriend thought I dropped a pretty penny on them. ;) <end>  I love this ring!  If you wear this ring by itself on one hand, it really looks beautiful. I think it might start looking clunky with several other rings on one hand. <end>  Big Bang, Little Buck  I ordered a set of these rings on Oct 26th, and I received them in my mailbox yesterday (Nov 2). For some, that might not seem worth mentioning, but I am currently stationed overseas and it usually takes WEEKS and MONTHS for stuff to make it out to our little mailbox. Upon looking at the rings, I was just bowled over with how pretty they are. As some of the reviewers mentioned, two rings are identical in size and the third one is a tad bigger. Personally, I am okay with that! For me, wearing all three at the same time seemed a bit cumbersome so I am only wearing the bigger of the three stones right now to get used to wearing a ring at all (I went many years not wearing one). Already, I have gotten SO many compliments about how pretty my ring is, and how lucky I am that I have a husband to spend that kind of money on me. If they only knew!I would recommend this ring set to anyone, if I wanted to let them in on my little secret!Fast shipping, great price, wonderful product. I'm in love! <end>  LOVELY !!!  I ordered this set of 3 cz stack rings to mix and match with other rings. They are gorgeous, solid silver with very nice bright cz's, unlike some much more expensive ones I have ordered in the past from a very expensive on-line store which I promptly sent back. These little rings are quite dazzling and look lovely worn together or used as guard rings each side of just about any ring you already own. At just over $10 for each ring, they are a steal. <end>  Looking good and Shiny.  I'm the one who uploaded the photos, as you can see, these are nice and very shiny. <end>  beautiful bands!  The rings are beautiful and they aren't uncomfortable. They fit perfectly too! They arrived in a small pouch inside a blue box. The blue box was well packed by amazon in a bigger box with air-filled bags for protection. It also arrived fast!I was concerned with what someone wrote about one ring being bigger than the others... the actual true is that the stones are bigger on one ring, but the three rings are the same size. I wear that one in the middle and it looks nice. <end>  Sparkle and Shine  What a beautiful ring. It sparkles and shines so beautifully and I've had a lot of complements on it. Everyone thinks they're real diamonds. There are three so, sometimes I wear them all on one finger and sometimes I separate them. Don't be reluctant to get this product. <end>  Simply amazing  Each and every time that I wear this ring, I receive compliments. One person in my office who claims to have millions in jewelry thought that this was the "real thing". One band is larger than the others so when I wear it for 12 hours or more it does start to bother my other fingers. <end>  Lovely Ring  I love this ring. I purchased it as my wedding band to use until I can afford to buy the real deal. This set is really beautiful, and I have worn it everyday since being married, haven't taken it off and it is still sparkling.I would recommend this set to anyone who is after a beautiful setting, that looks real and looks lovely on your finger, not to mention you can't beat the price.RegardsJody <end>  &lt;3Love these rings&lt;3  I received these 3 rings quite quickly. They are very believable. I would highly recommend these rings to everyone, you can wear all three together, or you can dress up another ring, by putting one of these rings on either side of your ring, and give it a whole different look!!!! <end>  BEAUTIFUL  I read all the reviews so i ordered my own. Soooooo impressed! it is beautiful and it fits great, some people said that one of the bands stones are smaller than the other two, i cant tell. I am so impressed with these rings. Buy. <end>  Ring set  Love this ring set! Have not had any issues with tarnishing, the fit was perfect! Excellent product for the price! <end>  so prettyyy ^_^  it looks soooooo prettttyyyyy i love it!its very comfortable to wear. its not bulky at all. the rings stack themselves just right, it almost felt like its one banded ring. it fits right at size 5.one ring has bigger stones than the other two. the other two are identical. however the stones sizes are just right , it doesnt looke "fake" haha.its gorgeous! <end>  Just opened and I love it. It looks totally real. It is amazing.  Ring is gorgeous. It looks so real it is unbelievable. i hesitated to purchase thinking for the price cant be good. But it is incredible. So glad I bought it. <end>  Absolutely  I love how the ring sparkles, like diamonds. I have gotten some many compliments on this ring when I wear one at a time, double, or all three together. It looks just as real as my actual diamonds. I would definitely recommend this ring. <end>  Great Value  My fiancee and I bought this ring set as a wedding band - we spent a lot on the engagement ring, so we decided to go cheap on the wedding band. This fit the bill perfectly - although it is not real diamond, it compliments the real ring well. We liked that we got three rings for this price, so that we could choose between the slightly-larger or one of the smaller bands (we chose the smaller), and we now have a replacement band in case it gets lost. The only complaint I've heard from her is that after washing her hands, she gets bubbles and popping noises from the ring due to the holes on the inside of the band. For the price, I couldn't think of anything better though! <end>  Love it  I love this ring. I bought not fully sure what I would get by other reviews. The sizing was dead on. The stones sparkle great and catch the light just perfectly. One ring is slightly larger than the others but I put the larger one in the middle and actually like that look better than I would if they were all the same. I would recommend this ring to anyone! <end>  Pretty but Definitely Does not Look Real  I was really excited to receive these rings. I really wanted to love them but I have to agree with the poster who said there is just something about them that makes them look fake and "Made in China" as stamped on the inside. I can't pinpoint it exactly either. This is definitely a case of you get what you pay for. By looking at the metal, there is no way these would hold up to daily wear as wedding/anniversary bands. It almost looks like tin foil and I can tell if would start flaking. I am sure though the designer didn't necessarily intend these to be worn as every day rings.Would be fun wear to a party or on the right hand but I put 2 of these on either side of my wedding band and engagement ring and it was laughable how fake they looked next to the real deal. My setting is in platinum so that might not help but even if someone has white gold, these are not going to match.As far as costume jewelry or something sparkly to wear on the right hand, these are cute little rings. In that regard they should get a 5 star. <end>  Loved it at first but just too uncomfortable!  It sparkles and looks nice. I absolutely LOVE thicker bands so when I saw this, I had to try it. I loved having the option to wear all 3 or just 1. I wore it for a week then decided this had to go back. As much as I liked this, it was just too uncomfortable. The prongs stick out a lot and goes all the way around. It pokes the sides of the fingers next to it. I tried to deal with the discomfort but by the 5th or 6th day, I was soo ready to return it. Maybe this will work for someone who had really thin fingers but it was just too uncomfortable for me. <end>  sterling silver cubic zirconia stacking eternity band  these sterling silver stacking eternity bands are very nice, I use them with my diamonds, and you cannot tell the difference until they get dirty, but well worth the money, thank you amazon! <end>  GORGEOUS!  I purchased these for my birthday these are stunning ..great price for beautifully made jewelry ..they sparkle in the sun. I do not regret for one minute for having made this purchase. I love shopping on Amazon. The only thing I regret is having inheriting my fathers big knuckles ...j am a size 7 ring I ordered a size 8 so that the ring can get pass my knuckle then the ring spins all around that is very annoying..I still love these rings. Thank you Kingsway jewelery...Thank you Amazon! <end>  Fools Everyone  I bought these to wear when not wearing my diamond wedding band. Had concerns it would look cheap. To my surprise I started receiving positive comments on it immediately. <end>  GORGEOUS! Look like the real thing!!!  I wanted two rings to guard my wedding ring. I spent $600 on a ring that could not be sized, so I thought why not try a CZ ring in the meantime to see if I liked having my wedding ring with two bands. Boy, I'm so glad I came across these beauties! They are not too white. They sparkle like crazy. They match my real diamond ring. They are set so wonderfully and look wonderful! Do not hesitate to buy them. Sizing is perfect. I'm a true size 8 and they are so comfortable. They are a little wider due to the fact each CZ has its own setting - which looks great! They are very comfortable and I wear them everyday. Do not even think twice about these rings. I want to order another set just to have a back up in case anything happens to these rings. People have commented how wonderful they look. I'm so surprised how much they look real. Fast shipping and I couldn't be happier! Thank you!!!! You saved me $550!!!! <end>  Sparkling  Love these rings! They are so sparkling - they attract a lot of attention. Most think they are the &#34;real thing.&#34; <end>  Good Product and Gr8 Customer Service  This was bought as a gift and the person I bought it for loved it very much so there you go. I brought a smile of a loved one's face for a relatively low price plus the customer service was gr8 this product as well... <end>  Classy  Looks like the real thing. I like that there are 2 different sizes of bands to make it look like a real wedding band set. <end>  Great Ring  I recently purchased this ring because I wanted something to wear to work without wearing my good set. The rings arrived before schedule and are very pretty. I have had many comments on this set. I would reccomend the set!!! <end>  Trust the reviews  I came down with an extreme allergic reaction to the nickel contained in my 18kt white gold wedding band. For the meantime this is a great replacement until I get a custom ring that contains no nickel. <end>  WOW!!!  I EXCHANGED ANOTHER CZ RING FOR THESE BANDS & THEY ARE STUNNING!! I COULDN'T BE MORE PLEASED. THEY SPARKLE LIKE CRAZY & LOOK LIKE THE REAL DEAL! CAN'T WAIT TO PAIR THEM WITH DIFFERENT RINGS. SUCH A RING SET MAY BE OVERPOWERING FOR A DAINTY HAND (ALL 3 TOGETHER) BUT THEY ARE SO GORGEOUS & SO VERSATILE! I'M THRILLED & YOU WILL BE TOO IF YOU DECIDE TO PURCHASE THESE!!! <end>  Fun ring!  It is a fun ring for a reasonable price. I immediately put it on and have enjoyed wearing it every day. I would order a size bigger than you normally wear b/c the rings are snug fitting. <end>  Stunning!!  These rings are simply breathtaking!! Comfortable to wear and beyond affordable for what you get. I have spent twice as much on 1 eternity band that did not have the presence or sparkle of these three. Truly a great buy! <end>  Great!  I just got these rings for valentines day and I am so impressed. They sparkle beautifully and I don't find them uncomfortable at all. The top and bottom together make great ring guards and the three together are extremely beautiful as well. I am so happy with this set. <end>  Its pretty but....  When I received this ring the first thing I noticed was the stones are all different sizes. For each individual band, the stones match, but the three rings themselves don't match. Also one band is slightly bent and doesn't sit flat against the others. But the stones have lots of sparkle and I had planned on using two of them for either side of my gold wedding band, which they work perfectly for. All in all, for the price, its a good value. <end>  Love Them  I ordered this set to go with an engagement ring also ordered. I have not received the other ring, but even if that does not look good, these three bands of CZs are beautiful and will look great on their ownSterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stacking Eternity Band Rings, Size 5. They look very authentic and fit is comfortable and true to size. Would recommend this set of rings as a great alternative to spending thousands on the real thing. <end>  Great Ring  The rings are great. I wear two of them with my three stone ring in the middle and it is so sparkling and then I wear a blue stack eternity ring in the middle which looks very rich and yet simplistic at the same time. Even with all three rings on the finger is still very comfortable. I have had people comment on the ring about how it sparkles and where did I get it? I got it right after Christmas and the price was very good and the quality is wonderful. Buy it you'll like it. <end>  The perfect mate to my engagement ring!  I just received this great trio set. I was looking for something to replace my original wedding band that had lost diamonds. We really had no desire to buy a "real" one again at this point. I looked on Amazon for weeks and found this beauty!!I used the outer two to flank my engagement ring. They are the perfect size. Not too small thus making it hard to see, nor to big making it look fake and gaudy.I don't find them uncomfortable either. Very realistic looking!I've also added pictures of my flanked rings to their photo gallery! <end>  nice rings!  They are well made and look great with one in each side of my solitaire! I have had many compliments already. Also fast shipping! <end>  Looks like costume jewelry....FAKE  I was looking for a replacement wedding band, not too expensive because I recently lost my real wedding band (so sad)! This ring is far from "real" looking. Its very sparkly but its just something about it, that looks unreal...hard to explain. I hate to return things, but I am returning this ring. This ring is good to compliment other costume type jewelry, but will never pass for "real". <end>  Nice ring but, BIG  The ring(s) are very pretty, sparkly and well made but...much too big to be worn together. They do not have the same look when worn seperately. <end>  Size Change  While I agree with everyone else that it's a beautiful ring set and that you can't tell their not real, I noticed that after a month or 2 they went from fitting perfectly to becoming a little big/loose on my finger...Maybe it's just me and my set of rings or someting...I can still wear them, it's just not as perfect a fit as before...Certinly not something to send in and get a different size... <end>  worth every penny!  this ring set was incredibly inexpensive so expectations were not too high.but as all the other reviews read, i was highly impressed!these rings are beautiful &the; perfect size.I only wear one band at a time, so I have two back-ups if something were to happen to it. I wear this ring everyday &I; love it! <end>  Brilliant!!!!  Quick shipping! I was pleasantly surprised when I saw this ring in person. It catches the sunlight and sparkles like crazy! You won't be disappointed if you order this. <end>  Beautiful!  These bands look like the real thing..very well made with lots of sparkle! I normally wear a 7 1/2, and ordered a 7 and they fit perfect. Because my fingers aren't really long, can only wear 2 at a time to be comfortable, but 3 will work. They're fun to put with other rings or just wear alone, so glad I ordered them. For the price you can't go wrong! <end>  Worth Every Penny  After reading so many reviews i decided to order these rings.I have been looking for rings like this forever, finally i found them. They are everything i wanted and more. I wanted them as an alternative to wearing my real wedding set all the time, especially in the summer when i am at the pool or the beach. The price of these rings was just too good to pass up. They arrived quickly and i was soo happy with my purchase. They are beautiful and worth every penny. if you want them BUY THEM!!! you will not be dissappointed!!!!!! <end>  Stacking Eternity Bands  I purchased this item just because it was cheap and I've always wanted an eternity band but didn't want to INVEST and reading the other's reviews, I ordered this one. It is VERY nice, does not look like a cheap imitation. I compared it to my girlfriends real diamond eternity band and you cannot tell the difference. The bands are not exactly matched up but I don't have a problem with that, I wear only two of the bands at a time due to my short fingers. Great item and great price! <end>  Gorgeous  This set is gorgeous! Looks very real and is very comfortable to wear. I replaced this ring with a real wedding ring and since I cannot wear a size 5 on my right hand, I purchased the same ring in a size 6! I gave the old set to my best friend. Anyway, the ring is perfect to use as a wedding set or on your right hand to compliment your jewelry! <end>  lovely rings!  I couldn't be happier with this purchase. Ordered these rings in a size 7 after carefully reading all the reviews. They're beautifully made, with a nice sparkle, and so elegant! I didn't find them to be uncomfortable at all. The stones on one of the bands are slightly bigger than the stones on the other two; this doesn't bother me, as I don't think it's noticeable. 2 day shipping - always a plus! Overall, I am very satisfied with the purchase and would recommend the product. <end>  Sterling Silver CZ stacking eternity band rings  After 6 months these rings still have their shine and sparkle. Good bargain. Looks like little diamonds to me. <end>  Amazing!!!  These rings are amazing for the price. I bought them to go with a ruby ring with pave' diamonds and the gallery was so high that these rings fit right up to the band on the ruby,which added so much.If you are looking for rings like these, buy them.....You 'will not' be disappointed.The pictures do not do them justice, they are so gorgeous in person.LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THEM!!!!!! <end>  I love it!  I really love this. I did not find it too thick- and it is very comfortable. I have large fingers, so it does not push my fingers apart- but I think if you were petite it might be uncomfortable, especially if you had thin fingers. It does look like diamonds. I've had a lot of compliments, and I wore it with a real diamond bracelet, and no one could tell the difference between the ring and the bracelet. We were out at a restaurant, and the lighting wasn't super bright, but even in daylight I think it looks like diamonds. I'd much rather wear this out, than my real diamond ring. <end>  Sparkles and looks fantastic!  This ring is fantastic. I have short fingers and read some of the other reviews about it possibly being wide but really, this ring is fantastic. It looks terrific and I can't go anywhere without getting compliments. I'd suggest this to everyone I know if they wanted a really beautiful right hand ring. <end>  versatile but...  The rings are pretty but as a few other people mentioned, not the most comfortable. I like the fact that you can wear one or all three, the only problem while wearing all three is there's gaps between the rings (they don't stack tightly) and seem to come apart. For this reason I prefer to wear one on my thumb, looks cool and keeps the ring from rubbing on the other fingers. I cannot imagine wearing these on a middle finger, ouch. They are well made (hence the 4 stars) and hopefully the little CZ's won't fall out as they have done in other rings I've purchased elsewhere and had to return. <end>  Lovely  Rings are much shinier than shown in the picture. Great sparkle and more comfortable than I thought they'd be. <end>  pretty but painful  I returned these rings after wearing them for one full day. They look pretty, but have sharp poking edges all around the sides from the stones and their settings. Washing and drying my hands was so uncomfortable because of the rough feeling these rings had. I actually had 2 cuts on my middle finger from where it had pressed against the rings on my ring finger. I was disappointed, but had to return them. Its just not worth the pain! <end>  cheap  I was looking for a costume set to go on either side of my engagement ring. After reading the reviews on these rings, I thought they might work. I was wrong. They are clearly costume when worn next to quality jewelry. They are also not all the same size. One of the bands was a bit wider than the others. All in all, I wasn't impressed enough to keep them to wear casually on their own. These were repackaged, and returned. Good luck ladies! <end>  Nice ring  This ring is beautiful and it can be separated as one individual ring. My finger is small , so it'd good that I could wear only 2 rings. The Zirconias size are not so big, so it can convince people better that way. If you look for something simple and comfy, this is the ring that you are looking for. <end>  Very nice  This is a very pretty eternity band. The stones seem to be well set. As others have mentioned, one of the bands has bigger sized stones. I guess it's not so bad since it adds a little flair, but the picture provided by Amazon is not accurate. Others have also mentioned how uncomfortable the ring is and that it pokes on the sides of their fingers. I have skinny/bony fingers, and I do not experience any uncomfortableness with these rings. There is a bit of a gap between each ring, but that's because one band has larger stones. Overall, I like them. They are shiny! <end>  I kove them  I was excited to receive my eternity band set and shocked at how realistic they are.I've had so many compliments.They look so real,no one has guessed their not real diamonds.I'm very happy with my purchase and plan on ordering more cz's from Amazon. <end>  my new ring  I bought this ring because my real one was stolen a few years ago. I have been asked about getting my ring back and people are surprised to find out it is not it. I love it, nice quality, great price. <end>  Great Rings!  Lovely rings! other reviews that stated that the rings were TOO SCRATCHY to wear seem to have exagerated the feel of the rings, they are not perfictly smooth, but they dont bother me at all. they look like real diamonds. i thing the size runs pretty true if slightly small. <end>  love them!  I'm very happy with this product. It arrived on time and the rings were very sparkly and eye catching. I wear them with my wedding band. <end>  Beautiful, high quality!  I bought these stacking bands to wear in place of my engagement ring and wedding band for vacations and at the beach. I am used to my wedding set, which is absolutely stunning and full of sparkle, so i wasn't sure how I'd feel about wearing tiny cubic zirconiums. At least, I wanted to get sterling silver so this "vacation set" would not turn my skin green over time. Well, let me tell you - I am pleasantly surprised! These bands SPARKLE! To the untrained eye, they look like real diamonds. The craftmanship of the sterling silver seems to be pretty high-end, too. I ordered a size 6 (my regular wedding set is a custom-made size 5.75...but I have big knuckles) and they fit great! I am really happy with these. <end>  built to last  Bought these rings for my soon to be wife for christmas. I thought they looked good online and were of an appropriate size to be noticable without being so large people would assume them to be fake. When i recieved the rings, i was very impressed. It has now been almost five months and i could not be more pleased. My girlfriend never takes the rings off, and they have not lost any luster through countless showers, swimming in pools and the ocean, and the beating they take keeping up with her active lifestyle. Great buy, very durable and a steal at such a low price. <end>  LET THE BLING WARS BEGIN!!!  These rings are beautiful, and do they look like the real thing! I flanked my plain gold band with two of these sparkly trinkets, and I swear they totally hold their own with the girls at work flashing their diamonds which they claim cost thousands! When I see how beautiful my new sparklers are and know I paid less than $30, I wonder if somebody ain't lying! Anyway, I'm passing mine off as the GOODS and unless Marie asks me straight out if they are real(and if she does, I'm gonna ask her if her uppers are real), I'm sure they'll never know the difference. <end>  WOW  I was totally surprised! This ring looks better than the one i bought at Nordstrom!! The 3 rings are not attached - so i take 2 and wear them w/ my diamond when i want a little extra bling bling and they totally look real!!!! I also use all 3 together when i don't wear my diamond doing things like working out or swimming or traveling!!! It's well worth the $25 or whatever i spent on it! As always, Amazon came through and had the rings to me within 4-5 days easily. <end>  Love it!!!  Love this ring! I have been wearinbg it for about a week and already ordered another set...Have gotten so many compliments on it...I just smile and say thank you...I wear the set all the time and am actually going to add more (waiting for order to ship actually). I would highly recommend this item. <end>  Just Lovelerly!!!  Wow, how lovely these rings are. With the low price I wasn't sure I would get anything worth wearing and boy was I pleasantly suprised when I slipped them out of their little black pouch. They are beautifully made, look exquisite together and sparkle just like diamonds. As a matter of fact, I held them next to my diamond dinner ring and unless you're a jeweler I don't believe you could tell the difference. I'm going to wear them together or combined with another ring I just bought from amazon that is also amazing. Each band is identical to the other and they are easy to wear. I am so delighted with this purchase I'm going to tell all my friends where they can find them. <end>  The search is over, you will not be disapointed!!  I had searched and searched for a believable ring, that looked great all the time even after doing dishes, taking showers and washing the dogs. This ring not only looks totally believable but it holds up really well too.I have had so many compliments on this ring it is unbelievable. I wanted a ring I could wear daily with out worry and still feel like a million bucks and ladies, this is it.They shipped it fast and it looked awesome when it came. <end>  LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT  I absolutely LOVE this set of 3 stacking sterling silver eternity bands. The "middle" band has a bit larger stones than the other two, which I didn't realize upon purchasing, however it looks outstanding. I wear all 3 or just 1 band daily and get so many compliments! I have also matched up 2 bands with other rings that I have. This was an incredible find and an even better buy! I love the rings! <end>  Bling Bling  I was hesitant about this purchase. But it is definetly worth the price. They sparkle and look like real diamonds. I will order another set just in case. Love them  ) <end>  very nice  I recieved these rings a couple of days ago and really love them. They have alot of sparkle and feel comfortable on my finger. I wear them with a dimond solitare and it looks really sharp. I plan on wearing them everyday so I hope they hold up and stones stay in place. I would definatley recommend this ring and I have no regrets with my purchase <end>  Great rings, but smaller size than expected  I ordered these in size 7 and maybe it's becaus of my chubby ring finger, it looks bad when I put 3 on or wear one with my engagement ring... it sparkles when I wear just one, but I want to stack them with my real diamond ring... I guess this gives me an excuse to order another set in size 8  )Overall very happy with my purchase... Thank you. <end>  LOVE IT  The rings are perfect, I can just wear one of them and it shines better than my real wedding band, I've attached a picture of the 3 in my finger. Very good quality can't beat the price, I found it to be true to size, I ordered 5 and it fit perfect. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  love these rings but they are on the big side sizing wise.  i love these rings! they look very real and are so pretty. they are a little big but i am going to buy another set in a smaller size!! so happy with this product! <end>  I love it!  I was really skeptical about these rings after reading the reviews, but my wife loves them. The middle band is a bit bigger than the outer two, which doesn't show in the picture, but it still looks nice. They don't look fake, which was my main concern. If you looked really closely you could probably tell they are CZ, but they look great to me. <end>  so impressed  Theses rings are beautiful. I am always receiving compliments on them. My close friends and family ask if they are real.Very happy with my rings!!! I have small hands so I was worried but I was happy for how they feel. My ring size is 6 or 7so if you are worried your fingers are to small I believe it will work for you. <end>  very pretty  I bought these to serve as wedding bands and they are beautiful. The stackable effect is so pretty and the way the cz's shine makes them look expensive! <end>  Perfect  Beautful! Sized perfect. Middle band has slightly larger stones which is a plus in the total look. Don't think you will be disappointed if you purchase this. I know I've been real pleased with it. <end>  They were every thing stated and soo much more.  Just lovely, everything I expected. Arrived timely and presented as precious items, which I now consider them to be. A worthy purchase. <end>  LIked it, a little flashy  Only had it for a few days, but like the look of it. Time will tell if it can hold up <end>  Love It!  Well worth the money. Shipped quickely, good quality, and very pretty. If this set every wears out, I will purchase another one. <end>  Love them  The stacking rings are absolutely beautiful and if they had them in emerald or black diamonds i would have already bought a set of each im going to look around amazon for them <end>  Beautiful rings!  The rings are very beautiful and look real. I've had several compliments on them. Only problem was that one of stones fell out after only a couple of times wearing them. I ordered another set so I would have some replacements. <end>  streling silver cubic stacking  I LOVE THIS RING HAVE REC'D SIZE 8 TOO SMALL WAS GOING TO RETURN ORDERD SIZE 9 BUT THEN DECIDED TO STACK THEM ALL TOGETHER AND THEY LOOK GREAT GET LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS . MY WEDDING RINGS I HOPE THEY LAST LOOK WONDERFUL <end>  2 Out of 3 lock in place.  Shipped quickly, nice product, but only 2 pieces of the 3 &#34;lock&#34; together. The last ring merely just spins around unlike the other 2. Maybe one of them was shipped wrong? <end>  Very pleased.  The band is bright and seems to be well made-I ordered this for granddaughter and she really likes it. She thinks it will stand up to here daily duties in hospital -wearing it instead of her wedding rings. <end>  It's just okay.  I bought this ring(s) hoping to love it, but it was *okay*. Maybe because I do own real diamonds, my eye is a bit to keen. I felt like it looked fake. The silver also seems to bright, which may have been what made it look fake the most. It wasn't SUPER bad, which is why I gave it 3 stars. If you're wearing for fun, then you should be happy. But, if you're wearing it to pass it off as the real thing or to try to impress someone--don't bother! <end>  Uncomfortable  This ring might be ok for someone with long fingers.its a very large looking ring for someonr with shorter fingers.i could not put my fingers together.the size runs a bit large also.does not look real,but I can see it being ok as a fun ring.this was not for me I have the wrong type of fingers for it. <end>  Anniversary  Was looking for something for the wife for our 10 year anniversary and found this, wasn't sure what she would think of it but when she opened it her eyes lit up and she Loved it! <end>  Great Experience  I was not sure about the quality of the product so was verypleased when it was delivered. Gave one ring to each of three granddaughters so will see how they survive and report in a few months about how they look. <end>  gorgeous  IT's really nice.I told everybody who I know this rings.They said it's so pretty and nice price.I love this... <end>  Beautiful ring  It's a beautiful ring real silver I've bought my partner other real diamonds and nothing looks as good this one it's pretty and she loves it <end>  Very nice!!!  I am very happy I ordered this ring. It is gorgeous! Do not hesitate to purchase it! I hope it doesn't fade )! <end>  sparkly diamonds ( kinda)  fun ring, it is sparkly and looks like diamonds from a distance. not sure how long it will look fresh but it has been a fun ring to wear and it is pretty <end>  Sparkly and pretty for the price  These rings are very nice. I wouldn't say they look real, but they are very pretty. I originally bought this to wear one at a time as an anniversary band behind my wedding set, but right next to the real thing, you can really tell that this isn't real. So I wear them on my right hand, and they look great. One thing I have noticed is that these rings are very hard to clean because it's impossible to get a brush in behind all the little stones. <end>  Sparkle and stackable  I like the sparkle of this set, which can be worn as a single ring, two, or all three. I typically like slightly larger rings, but this is OK. I think I was hoping the bands were a little wider, but this works with certain outfits. <end>  myhats  Love the Eternity ring. Very pleased worth mSterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stacking Eternity Bandsore than what it cost. <end>  Stacking rings  The rings are nice, but they are not that sparkly.... But other then that they were not too bad for the price.... <end>  so disappointed  I have triplet sisters, so I bought 4 of these rings as sister rings...and the pictures on here made them look so elegant. Then when I got all the rings, I was so disappointed. I am embarrassed to give the rings to my sisters. <end>
 B000NGKKPQ  Sterling Silver Asian Symbol "Peace" Pendant, 18" ||	  Very nice...  My wife collects items having to do with "peace" in various languages--from Latin "pax" to Hebrew "shalom."I have been studying Japanese for the last five years, and found this pendant with the Kanji for peace meaning "inner peace" or "serenity."It is very well made, and an excellent size for wearing (not too large, but large enough to be seen clearly). Highly recommended. <end>  Good, but chain broke after two days  Bought as a gift for my mother, the pendant is cool but the chain broke on day two!! she opted to keep it because it is a very pretty pendant, plus the chain looks just like the ones you can get off eBay for two bucks. it is slightly smaller than i imagined but it has that stunning small package quality that makes it special. comes with a little purple bag, but I threw it in a box I got free from a jeweler and included the bag and care instructions it came with. She loves it and that's what matters. <end>  Exactly what I wanted  This is average size compared to my other pendants. It comes in a nice blue bag for storage. It's exactly what I was looking for.This is the kanji symbol "an" which is commonly represented as "tranquility".http //www.orientaloutpost.com/shufa.php?q=tranquility#calm%20tranquilityThis character is used in a lot of compound words in the CJK world. Alone, this character has a broad span of possible meanings. These meanings include relaxed, quiet, rested, contented, calm, still, to pacify, peaceful, at peace, soothing or soothed.This character and even the pronunciation was borrowed from Chinese and absorbed into both Japanese and Korean. In all these languages, this character is pronounced like "an". <end>  Thrilled With This Beautiful Piece  For the money, this pendant soars. I love it. It is frequently a conversation starter. <end>  poorly translated  While the Chinese character used here can be translated to mean "peace" or "harmony", that is not the character commonly used by the Chinese people. The character for "peace" that you usually see in China looks more like these Sterling Silver Chinese Character for "PEACE" Pendant, 1" (25mm) Tall.Sterling Silver and Leather Chinese Character Pendant <end>
 B000NGKLVE  Sterling Silver Oval Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 6 ||	  Cocktail Ring  I was expecting a less than perfect ring for the price. To my amazement and joy.......it is FABULOUS! And HUGE! I am VERY pleased! <end>  Outrageous, but fun  This is faux jewelry at its finest. While no one is ever going to believe this is the "real thing," the workmanship is excellent. That is, the setting of the small cubics around the big stone (which is fabulously brilliant) is meticulously, and impeccably done. The small stones have great shine as well. The ring is marked 925 and China.The only thing that I should have paid more attention to are the dimensions because of my small, somewhat chubby, fingers. The dimensions, translated from metric, are  the length is a little over 1 inch, and the width is about 5/8 inch. If you have long, graceful, fingers, this would be perfect. On my finger, the ring reaches my first knuckle, but I love it anyway even though it is really too big for my hand. Within the past three weeks Amazon ran this ring for $8.75 (really did), including super saver shipping. <end>  Fantastic!  I love this ring. It is really large, but it looks much better in person than on the picture. It's high quality too. <end>  Perfect  I purchased this ring for my grandaughter who loves a lot of glitter and bling. This ring is perfect. It seems to be a good quality, is detailed, and looks like I paid more for it then I did. I know my grandaughter will love it.If you are looking for a large stone ring, this is it. I was looking for a large stone, and I was looking for something different with in a budget. She will be able to wear this ring for a long time, as it is made well, amd sterling silver.Also, it can be sized, since it is sterling silver.I am a happey shopper. <end>
 B000NGMNE2  Sterling Silver Enamel Red Cowboy Boot Charm ||	  Nice quality  Bought this to go on a necklace as a charm and it's great. Very versatile in that it stands out with my outfit but isn't too big to draw attention. <end>
 B000NGMNEC  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Bicycle Charm ||	  Sweet little bike...  Being a bike enthusiast I found this cute little charm impossible to resist, and when I got it I liked it even more, because I thought it would be rather bulky, but it is really dainty and delicate, and the wheels really work. I have a bracelet full of charms (about 20) and this is the one that always gets the "oooohs" and "awwws" from people looking at it. <end>  too cute  This charm was a gift for my 10 year old niece. While the bale is more for a bracelet, it also goes well on a chain. She currently is wearing it on her neck and has not taken it off for a week. For the price you would not expect the detail, spinning wheels nor size. It's a fabulous value. I will definitely be coming back for more charms from Amazon <end>  'Charming' and a good deal at $15  Exactly as described with 'wheels that actually roll'. A 'charming' charm and a great deal at $15. <end>  It's OK  This charm is just OK. I like that it's finished on all sides. But I've seen prettier bicycle charms elsewhere. I haven't put it on my charm bracelet yet because I don't like it well enough. I may give it along with a charm bracelet, to my 4 year old neighbor when she learns to ride her new bike. <end>
 B000NGMNK6  Sterling Silver "Happiness" Pendant, 18" ||	  Poor quaity  Bought this as bridesmaids gifts and had to return this item. Item more suited for a child. Pendant ok but chain thin and of poor quality. <end>  Happiness pendant  Our granddaughter has a Chinese grandmother. This just seemed like the perfect gift for her to honor her Oriental ancestors. She loves it! It is quite unique - as she is - and a great gift.The pendant is very fragile-looking with avery thin silver chain. It is perfect to wear with both casual or dress-up outfits. <end>
 B000NGMNLA  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful and delicate pendant  I purchased this pendant for the tweenaged daughter of friends, and it looked perfect on the web page. Very delicate and feminine. When it arrived (very quickly, I might add) I was pleased that it was as beautiful as it had looked on the computer. Our friends' daughter was very happy with it and put it on right away. It looked quite lovely on her. <end>  Lovely  Very dainty chain and heart about the size of a nickel.Appropriate for young girls as well as adults. <end>
 B000NGMNOC  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Multi-Gemstone Dangle Earrings ||	  great gift for a woman of any age  I picked these out because of the medium price, great reviews, and simple yet attractive appeal of these earrings. My mom really liked them as her birthday gift, and I'm sure your mom/significant other/daughter/other female gift-recipient will like them too. <end>  Pretty  Gave it to my mom for a bday present. She loved them. Nice size. Looks really nice. <end>  Pretty and Girly  These are really cute earrings, just the right size. They move very nicely on the ear and aren't prone to getting caught in your hair. They come in silver only also, but I prefer the gold. <end>  Dangle Sterling Silver Earrings  Superb gift for a young girl on her birthday....multi colored stones will fit any outfit and she really liked them. <end>  Dangle earrings  Super Super Super that all I can say. I have bought many earrings for my wifes Christmas presents. These I have never seen before because of the unusual dangle seperation in the middle of the earring. Thanks for a great present. <end>  Nice one but big  I liked the ear rings a lot but they were not the size i expected.they were little big but suited me. <end>  Earings that you would want in your collection  The earrings are beautiful. I thought they would be light but they are a little bit heavier than I expected. Still, they look exactly like the picture and were worth the money. <end>
 B000NGMNWE  Sterling Silver Peridot 7-Stone Ring, Size 8 ||	  Great little ring!  The picture Amazon provides for this ring doesn't really do it justice. It appears more stretched out than it really is. The stones are a lot closer together than they appear. They have a great shine to them as well, not as dull as the picture may imply!I really love this ring! I wear it every day. The only thing I want to mention is because of the amount of stones (7), it definitely covers the entire top of my finger and sometimes rubs against the sides of the 2 fingers next to it. It's not often noticeable, though, and I think it's mostly because I have kind of small fingers, so I might notice it more than most people with normal sized hands! <end>  It's OK  All the stones are very loose. I'm certain one of these days I'm going to loose one. A little uncomfortable at first, if there was one lest stone, it wouldn't hit the fingers around it. <end>  Very pretty ring and well made...  ...I bought this for my daughter to stack with a citrine one, blue topaz one, and cz one. The stones are well matched, fairly clear and pretty bright. She is thrilled with it! Very good value especially on sale!!! <end>  Peridot ring  Definitevily need to buy 3 rings and wear them together, could be different stones or all 3 of the same, otherwise looks "bare". I wish the stones were a darker green. Worth it if it is on sale. <end>
 B000NGMOA0  Sterling Silver Amethyst Hoop Earrings ||	  Pretty & Good Quality  I purchased these earrings over a year ago, and have worn them 24-7 since then. None of the stones have ever fallen out, nor are any of them loose. As I said, I never take them out, so I sleep, swim, run, hike, etc with them in and have never had them fall out of my ears or has issues with the earrings themselves.The stones aren't the deep purple you see in the picture, but more of a dark lavender shade, but still very pretty. The silver is still bright & shiny, no tarnishing or black marks on my skin, and the closure is still secure. All in all, definitely a good purchase for the price. <end>  Not the true color...  Mine are lavender colored, not the dark purple color pictured. Aside from that, they are fine. ( I have had them a week or so.) <end>  earrings  I like the earrings alot I have worn them a few times. However this morning while putting the earrings on I dropped one on the sink and two stones popped out. <end>  Very pretty and comfy but pale  I bought these earrings at a Gold Box price, and they are very nice. I find them easy to put on and comfortable to wear, and the small size makes them very versatile, good for everyday wear. My only complaint is that the color of the stones is much lighter than in the picture. Still, very pretty earrings! <end>  Poorly made  The third time I wore these earrings one of the stones fell out so now I can't wear them anymore. I wish they would make them better...I really loved the size and style of these. It is too late to return them and I won't order another pair just to have them fall apart again. <end>  Rings and Things  This ring is of OK quality. I find the sizes to run a little small. I probably wouldn't buy another of these. <end>  poor quality  Bought these for myself since I like amethyst. They appear cheaply made and there is a loose stone on one of the earrings which I thankfully discovered before it was lost. Couldn't recommend them based on the poor craftmanship <end>  Bad settings  These were worn *one time* and a stone dropped out of one of the settings. They have two pronged settings in sterling silver, they just aren't pressed around the gems well, no overlap to hold the gems in place.The earrings themselves are pretty. The stones aren't well matched, but for the price I didn't expect them to be. They do have good clarity and the silver shines well. The snap closures on the hoops are well made and hold together tightly.Too bad the stones don't stay in the earrings. As it stands, it's a waste of money to buy them and risk having a ruined piece of jewelry after one or two wears. <end>  Not just small, itsy-bitsy!  These earrings are attractive and appear well-made, but even with the previous comments, I expected them to be bigger than they actually are. <end>  MaryinNovi  These earrings are pretty, but hard to open. I had to tug on them quite a bit to get them to open, and I thought I was going to break them. Also, the box isn't fancy, which detracts from giving these as a gift. <end>  Adorable  They are small as another reviewer noted, but they are quite beautiful and well made. I got them to give as a present and have no qualms about how well they might be received. I'm happy. <end>  Looks are deceiving!  These earrings are way smaller than I anticipated and two of the stones fell out as soon as I removed them from the velvet pouch. This was not a good choice on my part...but I love everything PURPLE! If they had cost more than I would considered returning them, but it's not worth it. <end>  Pretty but bad quality  I bought these for my mom.. who loved to have a pair of amethyst earrings. Unfortunately two of the stones fell out before she even wore them. We had to return them. <end>  My wife loved them!  I bought these earings for my wife for Mother's Day. I am always a bit uncertain about buying jewelry but she is very happy with these. She says they are very easy to put on and comfortable to wear. <end>  Amethyst Earrings  Great product, great price. Excellent for gifts! Ordered three pair and had to return one pair due to a missing stone in the same, exact place on each earring. This is a quality control item that should have been caught at point of manufacture, however, this is the modern way, lay it on the customer. I don't really have an issue with this but suggest customers make it a point to check the product for loose/missing stones immediately upon receipt. Amazon makes it easy on-line to return this item even to printing a pre-paid return shipping label from the website. Item was reshipped prior to receipt by Amazon, a plus in customer service.. <end>  wow  these earrings are beautiful.. a bit smaller than I expected but the color of the stones are beautiful .. a deep purple and I was aprhensive after reading the reviews of others so I checked the stones .. none are loose and every thing seems to be top quality. They arived 4 days sooner than I was told so that was a big plus for me as they are a birthday gift to myself.I will definately order this same earring with different stones in it. <end>  Very pretty but the settings were somewhat flimsy  Very pretty but the settings are somewhat flimsy and are much thinner than they appear <end>  badly made  After I wore these earrings 3 times, when i took them off, there was one missing stone-i feel i should be reimbersed or get them replaced. I really loved them and am very disappointed. After I notified Amazon, they sent me a new pair of earrings free and I wear them all the time. Thanks Amazon.com <end>  Amethyst Hoop Earings  I found the earings too small as compared to the picture shown. <end>  Earrings  This earrings are very well made and are very pretty. I bought them as a gift and was very happy with my selection. They came with a nice velvet case and arrived in a timely manner. <end>
 B000NGMOLY  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 5 ||	  BLING!!!!  The ring is a real knock out!! I get lots of compliments and it is the bling i was looking for.The prongs are sturdy and it is made well. <end>  Dazzling  I am so happy with this purchase. This ring is gorgeous. It sparkles like the real thing. I wouldn't buy a real diamond this large, but this is a fun conversation piece. It was worth the money spent, and I hope to get years of enjoyment. <end>  great ring  very nice and large .... catches the light just right and looks great .... size was right on .... came very quick .... was np w/ the package it came in ... great ring for the price ... it looks like it cost a lot more then it does <end>  Simple and Sweet  This is a simple and rather adorable ring. I have a small frame and this ring is so big that it really stands out without distracting from my outfit. It's clean and modern looking and can be worn with just about anything. Plus, you just can't beat the price! Definitely a fun piece to add to the jewelry box!Warning  If you are looking for something that could be mistaken for real this is NOT the ring for you. <end>  Beautiful!...love it!  It's a wonderful ring, sparkling all the time, very attractive to the eye and beautifully done. It's not an everyday ring in my oppinion, because sparkles a lot, the stone is very big and well cutted and I didn't find any imperfection but it's ok for other occasions (not necessarily for special occasions!). I'm glad with this purchase and I keep the ring for myself! <end>
 B000NGMOZA  18K Yellow Gold and Sterling Silver Amethyst and Peridot Bangle Bracelet ||	  bracelet  This jewelry was exquisite, however, I am a petite person and it was very heavy. I sent it back. <end>
 B000NGOGGK  Sterling Silver Enamel Black and White Boot Charm ||	  Too small  I was surprised at how small this charm was. The photo is very much enlarged and the dimensions are not mentioed. For the price, the piece should have been larger. The details are very nice but the size is wrong. <end>
 B000NGOGPG  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Multi-Gemstone Floral Ring ||	  I returned the ring because one of the stones fell out  When I spoke with the seller I returned the ring postage paid by the seller and requested a replacement ring. One of the rings prongs was loose and that is why the gem fell out. I found the loose gem and returned it with the ring. The replacement ring is beautiful and just what I wanted to match my earrings, pendant, and bracelet. I like my jewelry to match in design and gemstones. This ring was perfect for me. The fit is perfect to size. I would highly recomment this seller and their products. They guarentee what they sell without the buyer having to absorb the cost of postage. <end>  nice as expected  This was a gift to my mother, and I had it shipped directly to her, so I never saw it first hand. However, she raved about it, so I'm pleased. <end>  18K GOLD PLATED STERLING SILVER MULTI-GEMSTONE FLORAL RING  This item is very delicate looking but is definitely of very good quality. I like the way it looks. Not very wide so it is comfortable on your finger. <end>  I agree, the sizing is a bit erratic I guess...  I ordered a size 7 and this isn't a 7, it's some larger size, but otherwise is an attractive ring. It just can't be worn by the person intended unless we pay more $$$ to have it resized. We've ordered at least a half dozen various, other size 7 rings on amazon and other si tes, so I'd have to guess the sizing method for this specific ring isn't the most accurate.It's ended up in the "pass it on to someone else" gift pile. As I said, it's a nice ring; if you really like it and want to take your chances, go for it, but realize, there's a chance you won't get the size you're anticipating. <end>  Ring is Beautiful -- Sizing is ROTTEN  This is a beautiful ring and I get a lot of compliments when I wear it. The problem is when I ordered it, it was a gift for my mom. She wears a size 9 and I ordered a size 9. She couldn't get it on. I was very disappointed -- to say the least. I know that it is a size 8 because it fits my ring finger on my right hand. I bought her a ring from a local jeweler to replace this one. The ring is beautiful but don't rely on the sizes. <end>  lovely  I have big hands, long fingers and ordered a size 9. It's a perfect fit. I think this is a really unique, showy ring that is very flattering to my large hands and I personally love it. The blue and green stones are not as vividly colored as shown but all in all still a great value for the money. <end>  Just beautiful!  I bought this as a birthday gift for myself with some other pieces to match a bracelet I bought last year. The ring is beautifully filigreed. The stones are much larger than I thought. Great for the price. As we say around here...two thumbs up! I just bought another one for everyday wear (because of silver with gold overlay I wanted one that I can keep in perfect shape for special events). I will report back on the everyday wear of this ring. <end>  disappointed  Simply said the ring fell apart after a month's time. Felt it was poor quality espcially after stones were lost. <end>  Very pretty but big and uncomfortable to wear  I was looking at this ring for quite awhile. When it went on sale, I finally bought it. When it arrived and I took it out of the box, I was very excited - it is beautiful and stones are bright and colorful. But when I tried it on, I was somewhat disappointed. It looks chunky, not feminine at all, although it was right size. I tried it on with the matching bracelet (from Kohls) and matching earrings (from amazon). The flower on the ring is so much bigger than the flowers on the bracelet and earrings. It does not look like a set (I was confident it would). In addition, it is rough on the sides and uncomfortable to wear. I have not decided yet if I am going to keep or return it. Will look at it again tomorrow. <end>  Well Worth the Money  the ring turned out to be exactly wat the picture shows and more. my gf totally loves it.. buy buy buy! <end>  stone missing  Regretfully, the first time I wore this ring was in December, which is beyond the return window. The first time I wore it, I looked down as I was leaving home & noticed there was a stone missing from the setting. The prongs on the ring were not pushed down very well on any of the settings. Once I noticed the missing stone, I adjusted all the other prongs. <end>  Multistone Jewelry Fans  This multistone ring is pretty and I bought it to complete my set. I already have a multistone bracelet, earrings and necklace. It looks fine alone, but when you compare it to other pieces of multistone jewelry, the stones are not as colorful as they appear in the picture. Maybe I just got one that wasn't as colorful because it was on sale. I'm not really sure if these are available as "seconds" or not. All I know is that the green and yellow stones are especially hard to see and the other stones shown are much lighter than they appear in this picture. I guess you really do get what you pay for! <end>  Surprising delight!  Like others have reported, the ring size was not accurate. I loved the look of this ring to match some earrings my husband bought me. I used a the old string guide to figure my size and contemplated not even ordering since the size i thought i needed was unavailable i was was sure I'd have to enlarge the size, but ordered it anyway and it fit perfectly! It is a large ring so if you have small hands, you might want to reconsider. It is really beautiful and the price amazing. As long as it holds up, what a deal. Probably not a ring to wear every day...only giving it 4 stars because of the inaccurate sizing. <end>
 B000NGOHEQ  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond Peace-Sign Pendant, 18" ||	  Delicate and beautiful!  My husband purchased this necklace from my wish-list and I am very pleased with it.One reviewer complained that it was too small -- I love that it is smaller. Some of the other larger peace sign pendants I have seen look too big, clunkly and "bling" like. This small delicate one looks elegant, but still has a lot of sparkle. I think it is the perfect size!In the picture you can really see the outline ridge of the peace sign and the individual CZs, but in reality it all kind of blends in as a single sparkly silver/diamond color. The individual gems don't really stand out. I'm guessing that they upped the contrast in the picture to show detail. Because of that I had to look really close to make sure they sent the right one, but it was. I still think it is beautiful, but just wanted to warn you that it doesn't have the contrast as shown in the picture.I also like that the ring for the chain is hidden on the back. It doesn't show in the picture, but it is a good sized ring, so almost any sized chain would fit through, including a rope chain or silk cord.The chain that came with this pendant was pretty cheap looking and I was afraid that it would easily break if pulled on too hard, especially by my son. I was able to switch it to one of my other chains, which made me feel better. I would recommend purchasing a chain to replace the one that comes with it or using one you already have. This is the only reason this review didn't get five stars.The necklace arrived in a little velvet bag, which I thought was a nice touch.Overall I am very pleased and have already gotten several complements on it!Peace! <end>  Pretty  This necklace is very pretty, and the person I gave it to loved it. However, it is very small! I was shocked when I got it in the mail, because it's about the size of a dime! But very pretty, good quality. <end>
 B000NGOHLO  Sterling Silver 7-Stone Cubic Zirconia Ring, Size 6 ||	  I purchased this on sale for my daughter...  and I am very pleased. It is well made and very sparkly. I bought the peridot and citrine as well and they stack well all together, with other rings or look great alone. Excellent SS ring for the price! <end>  Gorgeous!  This ring is GORGEOUS! It looks totally real when you look at it. The only way you can tell it's not is if you hold it because it's too light to be real. This could fool anyone. <end>  It's nice enough  It's nice enough, did not realize it would stick out so much. I wanted to where it with my wedding set but found that it looked better alone. I think if I stacked it with some other rings like it, it would be very pretty <end>
 B000NGOHS2  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 9 ||	  BLING!!!!  The ring is a real knock out!! I get lots of compliments and it is the bling i was looking for.The prongs are sturdy and it is made well. <end>  Dazzling  I am so happy with this purchase. This ring is gorgeous. It sparkles like the real thing. I wouldn't buy a real diamond this large, but this is a fun conversation piece. It was worth the money spent, and I hope to get years of enjoyment. <end>  great ring  very nice and large .... catches the light just right and looks great .... size was right on .... came very quick .... was np w/ the package it came in ... great ring for the price ... it looks like it cost a lot more then it does <end>  Simple and Sweet  This is a simple and rather adorable ring. I have a small frame and this ring is so big that it really stands out without distracting from my outfit. It's clean and modern looking and can be worn with just about anything. Plus, you just can't beat the price! Definitely a fun piece to add to the jewelry box!Warning  If you are looking for something that could be mistaken for real this is NOT the ring for you. <end>  Beautiful!...love it!  It's a wonderful ring, sparkling all the time, very attractive to the eye and beautifully done. It's not an everyday ring in my oppinion, because sparkles a lot, the stone is very big and well cutted and I didn't find any imperfection but it's ok for other occasions (not necessarily for special occasions!). I'm glad with this purchase and I keep the ring for myself! <end>
 B000NGOHWI  Sterling Silver Round-Cut Simulated Diamond Tennis Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  DON'T BUY THIS!  Good grief! If I were 5 years old and playing dress-up this thing might have been perfect. It's big, gaudy, and chintzy-looking. Went right back for a full refund. After trying 2 different bracelets and a necklace that were all returned to Amazon, I've learned my lesson  buy jewelry, even if it's &#34;costume&#34; jewelry, in person. This piece was indeed &#34;costume&#34; jewelry, as in Halloween costume. Go to a reputable store, look at what you might be buying, hold it, feel it and try it on. Save yourself return shipping costs and buy locally and in person. Waste of time. <end>  My wife loves it . . .  the bracelet is exactly what its advertised to be, is a very nice piece of custom jewelry and is and was admired. The daughters alwo found it to be the cat's meow . . . <end>  Very Nice  Everything I expected. Wife loves it. Only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the clasp hard to open. <end>  Bracelet  Little bigger than expected, but really nice. I would not wear it everyday because it appears to be fragile for active wear. <end>  sparkels  this is a great braclet feels nice looks great and i got many many compliments on it, i wore it through the holidays and it went with everything <end>  Very cheap looking  I ordered 2 of them and tried to wear them together, but they still looked thin and cheap. Returned them right away <end>  cz sterling silver tennis bracelet  I love this bracelet! Excellent quality stones are georgous..would buy again!Thank you! I do hope this product will be available for a time. <end>  Sterling Silver Round Cut Cubic Zirconia Tennis Bracelet  It's absolutely gorgeous! That was my words my wife said when I handed her this last week. At this price, there does not have to be any special reason for giving a quality gift like this. <end>  Loving this bracelet  This bracelet will definitely be noticed. It is beautiful, sparkles like crazy, and feels well constructed. Because of its size it does have a significant weight but the clasp will keep this beauty securely on your wrist. This is a great purchase for anyone that loves big, sparkly jewelry. <end>  Sterling Silver 6mm Round Cubic Zirconia Tennis Bracelet, 7.25"  Beautiful, clear, pristine clarity and color of the stones, sterling silver, and chain. Perfect length, size for a thin wrist. Wonderful detail and quality. Exactly as described with attention to craftsmanship from the manufacturer. Could not be more pleased with our purchase. <end>  i love it!!  My boyfriend bought this bracelet for me for our anniversary....i absolutely love it! It sparkles so much and it fits perfectly!!!!! RECOMMEND!!!!! <end>  sterling sliver 6mm round cz tennis bracelet  This bracelet is just beautiful!! It is made very well and sparkles so much!! I get compliments all the time. Highly recommend this!! A++++ very fast shipping <end>  Over the top, but beautiful  This bracelet has big, over the top, gorgeous CZ's. It is very well made and has an excellent clasp that took me a few tries to figure out. I wear this when I go out to dinner with my husband or when out and about with friends at night. CZ's, white sapphire, and white topaz are very acceptable diamond alternatives. No one is going to think you have this many perfect diamonds wrapped around your wrist, but who cares? Any sensible person will realize this is a beautiful piece of jewelry with a Damond alternative. I wish amazon had this in other CZ or lab created gemstone colors. I would buy the rainbow. The stones are a little bit large, be prepared for shockingly beautiful stones. <end>  love it so many compliments  I must say i was surprised. i thought this would look cheesy and fake but it does not. i have gotten many compliments and it doesnt look like czs the clarity is great and looks like diamonds of better quality! great as a gift for someone or yourself! <end>  Nice  Pretty nice bracelet. Looks amazing in the sun. Too big to look real, but you can't tell they are fake otherwise. Setting is a little cheap feeling, but looks good and hasn't broken after like 6 months. Good buy, the wife loves it! <end>  Love it  Just received this bracelet today and I love it. I was concerned that it might not fit my wrist but it does perfectly. The stones sparkle and love the clasp.Am a happy camper!!! <end>  Too BIG  I thought it was nice in the photos but when it can it was too large for my wrist. Nice products looked real <end>  Looks very fake  Like an earlier review said. If you can convince anyone that this is real...... It is costume, and as such is inexpensive, but honestly, don't convince yourself that you can wear this at a function and not expect a couple of chuckles behind your back should you decide to act/convince anyone that it is real. I showed it to a couple Jr. League friends and they laughed. <end>  Very classy  I like it very much, but I think it is a centimeter shorter than advertized because it cuts off circulation to the head [...]. <end>  Nice bracelet  This is a very nice bracelet. I own a lot of CZ and am fairly picky - this has a nice heavy weight, quality clasp, sparkly stones, and would look great with a dress or jeans. Thank you Amazon for a nice, high-quality piece, fast shipping and a good price.Would have given 5 stars except that is is stamped "RCZ 925 Made in China" on the clasp and I'm trying to buy items made in the USA these days. I didnt see that it was made in China in the description before ordering. <end>  tennis bracelet  This is a beautiful bracelet. But if you can make people believe these 6mm CZ stones around your wrist are real you're incredible. This bracelet is appropriate for a formal occasion. Well made. Clasp is superior quality. If you are sure you really like BIG & BOLD you might like this. Apperantly some people think this is ok for every day. I think it's just ok for formal wear. <end>  Love it, Love it!!!  Just got my bracelet delivered yesterday, and I must admit that I was a little worried because of other reviews saying that it was really big & fake looking. Let me tell you that I absolutely love this bracelet. It is big and it's sparkly but that's how we like things in Texas!! I am not disappointed at all. Wore it to work today and got so many compliments on it. I straight up told my friends it was CZ & they were like "Who cares! It's gorgeous!!"  ) Would totally recommend to others. <end>  Sparkle  A really lovely sparkley bracelet - reflects all lights of the prism. Tough, too - puts up with water. Good clasp. Great quality and value for money. <end>  Tennis Bracelet  If you can't afford the real thing this bracelet is the next best thing. Each cz is set individually and it may be around 10 or 12 karats, although it never really stated how many. If you are looking for something really large this bracelet is for you. <end>  Great Quality  Bought this item for my wife, this a fine quality piece of jewelry that is very beautiful. My wife states who needs diamonds when you can get something so nice and no one will know the difference. <end>  Beautiful  I purchased this item for my wife for Christmas. She had wanted a tennis bracelet and I could not afford real diamonds.It arrived promply and was lovely. More than I expected. My wife loves it and wears it even to bed. <end>  Really nice bracelet  I was pleasantly surprised when this bracelet came. It's very pretty and has a great weight. It just fits my wrist so it won't be sliding all around. Very pleased. <end>  I am not a fan of costume jewelry but...  when money is in short supply & I'm feeling &#34;poor&#34;, I figured it was worth a try.Not only was I not disappointed,I was thrilled with the purchase & tightened the closures so that I will never take it off &hopefully never lose it. Another great Amazon buy!!!! <end>  beautiful  my wife loves it, its brillant, and look likes real diamond. l bought another bracellet in gold, in another seller, that look likes a child bracellet, but this no, it's look like a genuine diamond tennis braccelet <end>  Stunning!!  You know, it's all in the eyes of the beholder!! Some of the reviewers stated they didn't like the large stones, but I love big, plus this bracelet is well made. If you like bling, this is the bracelet to buy. Mary <end>  Gorgeous  I bought this as a present for my girlfriend and she loves it! The picture does it no justice. It's dazzling even in very dim lighting. <end>  good value  my wife liked it very much. It catches the light nicely and the clasp is very strong. I was pleasently surprised. <end>  loves blng!!!  This bracelet is so much fun to wear. Extremely well made. I don't care that the stones aren't real, I have no problem telling people what it is, and I am proud to tell them where I got from and don't care what to think. I have quite a few tennis bracelets, (cz). you might say I collect them and I love wearing them all at the same time and this is a delight to my colletion. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful !!!  The picture does no justice to this bracelet !! When I got in the mail I said "WOW". The color of the cubic Zirconia Tennis Bracelet, 7.25 had such sparkle. For the price it was quality, because I've shopped around at other sites and their prices are high for such a small bracelet. If you what true BLING,this is the bracelet to buy.  ) <end>  Great buy  This is very nice and looks very real. Very good price for such quality. It sparkles and is great to wear everyday. Love it! <end>  Sterling silver tennis bracelet  Lovely bracelet, sparkles like crazy, get lots of nice compliments when I wear. Would recommend to any buyer, looks and is good quality. <end>  Costume Jewelry  My boyfriend got this for me with a pair of CZ earrings... he said he almost returned the bracelet when it arrived. Although it's super sparkly and shiny, it looks incredibly fake due to the size of the stones. It does not look cheap or flimsy, just unconvincing. If the stones were just 2 mm smaller it would be far more believable.Also, the Amazon.com Product Description says, "a line of 32 large round cubic zirconia stones." The bracelet has 29 stones. This number is accurately written in the product specifications. I'm glad it isn't 32 stones-- it's super lose on me and would honestly fit better with 3 of the stones removed.I wear it going out to clubs when I don't mind if my jewelry gets a bit tarnished. The bracelet is currently on sale for $44.00 with Amazon Prime. It's originally listed at $95.00 and I think it's worth about $30.. maybe $40 since it's all silver. <end>  Hot diggy dogg  Super will buy again what more can I say great grift to give someone thank you very much peace out <end>  Nice Christmas gift...wife loved it!  Really nice tennis bracelet gift for a fraction of the cost. Hard to tell that it is not the real thing.Wife loved the gift for Christmas, and she wears it all the time. <end>  Shining like a star.  I bought this bracelet for my mother. I was not expecting much but when it arrived I was surprised to see it was eye catching. Great buy!! I came back to purchase another one but currently unavailable. <end>  Great item for the price  Gals loved the bracelet! Looked like I spent a lot of $$ on them. <end>  who needs real diamonds? Looks the Same!  After looking for tennis bracelets for my wife and comparing so many different ones with real diamonds at ridiculous prices. I found this one that looks better then most that I saw at jewelry stores at a tenth of the price if not more in some cases. If it was ever lost or stolen, not as big of a deal. if you don't have to have diamonds this works wonders and no one can tell. <end>  great purchase  great purchase .... she loved it....i was impressed with the quality.. twas a merry chirstmas... thanks... will visit site again. <end>  such a deal!!!!!!!  Christmas gift for my daughter she loved it, I loved it it came earlier than I expected.toto put it in 4 words THE BLING WAS BLINDING... thank you great deal <end>  Bracelet  Its so beautiful on her that it makes her feel so gorues. It's worth the money!!! She wants to thank me in so many ways , it's sick!! <end>  Love it  I always wanted a tennis bracelet and since I can't afford real diammonds this made a great alternative. It is really fashionable.- <end>  Great Looking  This is a very beautiful bracelet. It sparkles and looks Great. Wish it had a safety chain. Would like to order another bracelet. <end>  Extremely Pleased  I purchased this bracelet thinking the price is right, but what about the quality?! It is everything that I wanted and I am very picky when it comes to my jewelry. If it is cheap looking -- I return it. This one I am keeping and hoping that it does not change color or become dull. When I received this bracelet, I returned the bracelet I ordered from another shopping channel!! <end>  very pleased with this item  Purchased this as a Christmas gift---I am certain that the wife will just love it.It was exactly as described in the positing. Seller was prompt and efficient. Item arrivedquicker than I had expected. Had no problems and will definitely consider checking out this seller again. <end>
 B000NGOHWS  Sterling Silver 8x6mm Radiant-Cut Cubic Zirconia Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  Glamorous and great value!  A gal can never have too much bling! Great value, pretty and seems solidly made. Recommend. <end>
 B000NGOHX2  Sterling Silver Pave Simulated Diamond Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  I love this ring. The "diamonds" are small enough that it looks real. I wear it constantly, and it still looks great. <end>  Great ring..  It's beautiful. It's clean and It looks great. I would of course rather buy http //amzn.to/fsGM7V but considering the cost this is not bad at all  ) <end>  disappointed  I was disappointed in the aring.. I thought it was going to show the crystal stones better. I would not get another one nor would I tell anyone to purchase this ring <end>  The Perfect Replacement  Due to some issues with my wedding band I picked this up as a temporary replacement. I looked around the internet and did my homework and found this ring to be perfect for me. Simple enough to not be obviously CZ. I have to say I adore it! I find it very comfortable to wear, it just feels like a textured band on the hand, nothing jagged at all. The stones are small enough to look real and the metal has a nice color to it, not cheap looking like most silver/cz rings you see at department stores. The only disappointment I had upon receiving it was that the stones weren't as pronounced as the photo. The do seem to be a bit hidden by the metal. Even with that though I'm extremely happy with it and I've had many ooh and ahhs of friends and family. Absolutely worth every penny! <end>  Beautiful and real shine...  I was looking for something to use as a wedding band. Nothing expensive as I don't need real diamonds, they aren't that important to me. This is perfect. The picture I have doesn't do it justice. The shine is beautiful and the diamonds do look real. It's not huge and unrealistic looking. There is no way, in my opinion that anyone would know if it was real. I read some of the other feedback about this ring scratching the other fingers, I wear it with my other wedding ring and I don't have that problem. It doesn't scratch my fingers at all. I do have to say that it does scratch if you rub your face though, you may want to take the ring off in the shower or when washing your face. Other than that, I love it, it's beautiful. <end>  Product and its packing!!!  I just wanted to let everyone to know that I received the ring faster than I expected and it couldnt have been packed any better. My wife also loved it so I couldnt be happier. I would suggest anyone thinking about doing business with this seller to do so, because of my wife being happy Im happy. Thank you again and I look foward to doing business with again. <end>  Not bad at all  I really like the look of this ring. It goes well with everything. My only complaint is that it's not the most comfortable ring to wear. Overall though, it's not a bad buy for the money. <end>  Pretty but it kinda hurts  This ring is exactly like the picture and it's a good deal for the price. Sometimes the sides of the ring will scratch my other fingers and if you're holding someone else's hand, it will pinch. <end>  cubic ring  Looks nice, but very uncomfortable wearing. Worth it the inexpensive price if you are wearing it for short periods of time. <end>  GORGEOUS !!!!!!!  I wish I could give 10 stars. I LOVE this ring. Exactly what the picture shows. Also packaged very cute, like it came from a very expensive store. LOVE!!!! <end>  Growing on me.  I got two to wear on either side of my 5mm yellow gold wedding band with a 1.3 karat round stone mounted on it. Just wanted a different look than my channel set diamond bands that I have worn on either side for years. At first, I thought the pave bands were too much, and took away from the solitare. I decided to wear them over the weekend with my wedding ring, and now I like them. I have received compliments as well. At first, they felt bulky compared to my other anniversary bands, but now I am used to them and they are comfortable. I am happy with the purchase. A totally different look at a very affordable price. They look much more expensive than they are. <end>  Beautiful  I was looking for something that I could wear everyday as a substitute for my wedding set when I saw this. I had my doubts based on some of the reviews I read saying that it wasnt comfortable or what was expected.I was not disappointed with this buy. It was far more than I expected and was more than worth the price. Its comfortable and very sparkly but at the same time neat and not overwhelming for me as I prefer smaller and finer jewelry.highly recommended. <end>  Ring  Wish this ring would come in 1/2 sizes really needed a 6 1/2 very well made was happy with this purchase <end>  Very well made  Due to the variance in the other two reviews, I was hesitant to purchase this ring. However, when Amazon lowered the price to $11.60 on a special one-day sale, I went for it. This ring is true to size and is marked on the inside with a jeweler's mark, and the words CZ 925 China. I looked it over carefully with a jeweler's loup; it is very well made, indeed having 96 inset small stones in a pave setting, which is accurately reflected by the product picture. The ring is smooth to the touch, having no rough spots; I mention this because I purchased a similar ring from Nordstrom's online, and it had ragged edges and nowhere near the shine that this one has. The ring is also very pretty, lightweight, and if you like sterling silver, you will like this ring. <end>  Love it!  Just got this ring, and I absolutely love it! We had an accident with my wedding band and the garbage disposal (wedding band lost), so this is my 'replacement' band until I get a new one made later this year. Wanted something in sterling silver so the color wouldn't turn, and LOVE the look of pave diamonds.It really sparkles, and would definitely make a great wedding band (who CARES if it's not real diamonds!) <end>  This ring is gorgeous!  Wow, this ring sparkles more than I expected! It truly is beautiful and for me I don't mind wearing cubic zirconia so this is perfect. Really a great piece of jewelry for a really good price. <end>  Pretty Little Ring  This is a very pretty little ring. It's understated, yet bright and sparkles in all different lighting. I'm tired of my old rings and since they always spin around anyhow, I thought a nice stacking ring might add some thickness to help against the spinning. It works to some degree and also gives my old rings new life! It's really great because even if this ring does spin around, all you'll ever see is sparkle. <end>  Just right!  This lovely ring is just what I wanted to compliment a pave style halo engagement ring I have. It is not too wide and not too narrow, and it shines and matches the pave stones on my engagement ring. It's a lovely ring for either a wedding ring, eternity ring or just to add some sparkle to your finger. It is comfortable and looks great. I love it! <end>  Gorgeous!  Love this ring! Absolutely gorgeous! Every time I wear t, people are constantly complimenting me on it. Well made also! <end>  Pave silver ring  I received the ring on the day it was promised. And I love this ring. The stones are very shiny and so is the silver. Very sparkling. I've been wearing it daily and it hasn't lost it's shine like some rings do. Its texture is a little rough if you rub your face but nothing that scratches. Overall this is a great gift for yourself or someone else with a great price tag! <end>  Not so great  I thought the picture looked good, but I didn't like the ring very much once I saw it in person. It's also not very comfortable to wear. <end>  pretty but a little rough  small but sparkly stones but is definitely rough and a little hard to wear all day. makes a nice party or evening ring. <end>  Perfect interim wedding band  I ordered this after a diamond fell out of my shared-prong eternity wedding band to wear while it was being fixed. I still haven't made it to the jewelry store yet to have the diamond reset. This ring is beautiful--I highly recommend! <end>
 B000NGOHYG  Sterling Silver Amethyst and Diamond-Accent Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Petite and pretty  I purchased this as a gift for my girlfriend. She frequently wears heart-shaped jewelry, usually themed, and the "crooked" heart with amethyst was very much her style.The chain is very thin, and the pendant isn't overly shiny, so it makes a nice statement while not attracting too much attention. <end>  Very pretty, but came all tangled up  The pendant looks as advertised and is very pretty, however it was shipped in just a small velvet pouch without the cardboard cutout that necklaces usually ship in, so the chain was severely tangled with the heart. It took over 2 hours with a toothpick and pair of tweezers to untangle it.Other than that, no complaints. If yours does not come all tangled up, you'll like it. <end>  Beautiful  Beautifully priced, beautifully crafted but only problem is thin chain tangles quite a bit and the pendent tends to turn around at times... <end>  Nice  The pendant is very pretty and is reasonable for that price.However I think the chain is too thin for the pendant. <end>
 B000NGYNFO  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Aqua and Clear Cubic Zirconia Prong Set Polished Finish Rhodium Plated Eternity Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Nice but misleading  This ring is nice, especially for the price. But the aqua colored stones are not nearly as "dazzling" as the picture shows. They are definitely duller than the clear stones.*Addition  I sent my original back after I decided it was too big, and the new one I received has much nicer ones. <end>
 B000NHMHAQ  Genuine 18K Gold rubber Stainless Steel 2 Rope Mens Screws Bracelet ||	  nice thing for a huge dudes  hi folks,be carefull , it will come in a huge non-udjustable size. and all this gold thing its a rubbish i mean you barely can see that gold boltsgood luck! <end>
 B000NHRP4E  Genuine 18K Gold Square Link Screws Stainless Steel Mens Bracelet ||	  Men's Stainless & Gold Bracelet  Beautiful bracelet. Heavy stainless steel and the 14 Kt screws really make a pop! My husband had looked at several more expensive bracelets at our local jewelers and we are thrilled that we purchased this one. <end>  Beautiful  I recently bought this bracelet for my husband's birthday. It is masculine and classy at the same time. My husband loves it and wears it when he dresses up for work and when he dresses down for the weekend. We are very happy with this purchase. <end>  bracelet  I never received this product, it got lose in the mail according to USPS and the bracelet company. I am very upset because I really wanted this bracelet. <end>
 B000NHRS6Y  Quoted Jewels Counting Birthdays Bracelet - November ||	  Milestone Birthday Bracelet  This is a very attractive, well-made bracelet, which I have given twice as a gift. Each bracelet is made with the birthday month's birthstone and is suitable for casual or more elegant wear. Both my friend and my sister loved it, and I hope I receive one as a gift for my own birthday...if I don't I plan on buying one for myself!!! <end>
 B000NHRSJ6  Pewter Humanity Bracelet ||	  perfect gift  This bracelet has a message for everyone. I received it as a gift myself and have subsequently given it as a gift many times. It fits most any occasion - for a high school graduate, for a young woman for a bridal shower, for a friend who lost her husband, for a project leader following a successful event. I wear it when I'm feeling down, or feeling happy. When I look at my wrist, I see an inspirational word that gives me comfort or motivates me. <end>  Great gift for my teenage daughter!  I purchased this bracelet for my teenage daughter for her confirmation gift. It is a beautiful bracelet and the message is awesome! She really loves it and wears it everyday. Being a teenage girl is not easy and she says the bracelet helps constantly reminds her of what is important which helps her stay strong against peer pressure. I would strongly recommend this gift for anyone with a teenage daughter. <end>  Perfect piece of jewlery  I gave this bracelet to my oldest daughter the valentines that she was in 9th grade. I told her that in high school she would come across a lot of situations that would be new to her and when this happens, look at your wrist and remember all of what we have taught you. She is a senior now and wears it every day. When my next daughter is in 9th grade I will give her one too. I also wear mine everyday. It helps keep me and my girls grounded and remember why we live this life. <end>
 B000NHU36Q  Train Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Loved It  Absolutely loved the cufflinks. They were for my sons kindergarten graduation and he is obsessed with trains. He loved them! They arrived BEFORE I anticipated and I was delighted with the quality! <end>
 B000NHV6N0  Sterling Silver Humanity Bracelet ||	  Love it!  My daughter bought this bracelet for me about 10 years ago. I never take it off and it still looks brand new. I'm going to buy her one now because I love it so much. It's a quiet reminder of what's important in this life. <end>
 B000NHV6TO  Story of Christ Bracelet ||	  Beautiful braclet...priced way to high  this braclet is gorgeous...i have the original one...christs story beaded braclet and only paid 15.00 for it...this item is priced way to high...i would look further before purchasing this one... <end>
 B000NHV752  Love, Grandmother, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet ||	  A gift for Grandma  This bracelet was a gift given to my grandma. I gave it to her for her birthday alot of months ago, and the excitement of having it still hasn't worn off yet. She had grandpa make it into a necklace and she wears it on special occasions. I couldn't have asked for a better gift for my grandmother. <end>  Love, Grandmother, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours...  Love, Grandmother, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours...got this as a gift for my mom and she will love it is so nicelove it <end>  cute idea, but cheap quality  This is a cute, thoughtful gift, but cheap quality. The silver beads are plastic and rub off easily when worn a long time. <end>  tarnished and cheap looking. looks plasticy  dont waste your time go to walmart and buy a a whole jewelry set that is better quality for this price. <end>  Lovely  My mother in law loved this gift. My boys gave it to her for her birthday and she just loved it. It is a beautiful and easy gift. <end>  MOTHERS DAY GIFT  I RECEIVED THIS BRACELET FOR MOTHERS DAY FROM MY GRANDSON. I WAS VERY SURPRISED AT HOW WELL IT IS MADE AND HOW PRETTY IT IS. I LIKE THE CLASP ON IT, VERY EASY TO GET ON AND OFF. I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME. I HAVE ORDERED OTHER ITEMS AND THEY ARE JUST AS WELL MADE AND BEAUTIFUL. <end>  Cheap Plastic, Fake.  Ordered this item for Mothers day, gave it to wife. Now, a month later, the "silver" is coming off, revealing cheap plastic underneath. Amazon website says it it outside the window for returns, and can only get a "partial refund". Do not do business with My Jewel Thief, their products are cheap plastic.Love, Grandmother, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet <end>  My 93 year old Gram loves this bracelet!  It can be difficult to buy for a lady who has everything...My Gram will be 94 soon, and with Mother's Day coming up I was struggling with what to buy her. She has everything she needs, and I did not want to get her the usual flowers, powder, or perfume...she loves bracelets and unique picture frames. I found this bracelet and hesitated as the price was so inexpensive I worried it would look "cheap"...after much debate I decided to go ahead and buy it, and had Amazon gift wrap and send it direct to Gram in Florida...Well, she loves this bracelet! She has lots of jewelry, much of it "real"...and yet she wears this bracelet often. I am so glad I went ahead and bought it, and I don't think you can go wrong buying this for the special Grandmother in your life. <end>  Perfect GMA Gift  This was the best gift I could give to my Gma's. They both loved it and it came already gift wrapped  ) <end>  Unbelievable Value  Mother's Day in my household means quite a few gifts to purchase. On our budget, this is no easy task. I saw this bracelet and could not believe the price. Although it looked beautiful on the website, I was skeptical. I ordered it late and prayed it arrived before Mother's Day. To my surprise and pleasure, it arrived in less than a week and was so beautiful that I decided to order one more. I knew I was pushing my luck (Mother's Day was in a few days), but since I could have it gift wrapped and sent directly to the recipient, I took a chance. The bracelet arrived the day before! I highly recommend this item AND this seller. They are a class act that will not break the bank! <end>  summary  i got this for a friend to give to his grandmother which she loved! the first one i got arrived so fast i was surprised but the next one didnt come so fast i guess because it was closer to christmas and they had more orders but needless to say it did arrive on time and was everything he expected! it is beautiful! <end>  Great gift for grandmas!  Bought this for my mother from my kids and she loved it. It was a perfect Christmas present from the kids and a great price with nice quality. <end>  Pretty bracelet  My daughter is a new grandmother , so I decided to buy this for her to wear . She said she loves it . <end>  Inexpensive gift with a great message!  This item is very inexpensive and sends a loving message. This bracelet is not supposed to be fine jewelry. For those who have stated they were upset it was plastic, meh. It is more about the message and the loving thought behind it. If you want a luxurious item, buy something else. My grandmother loved the bracelet and the message. It was bought as a small stocking stuffer and served the purpose. <end>  Grandmother loved it  Wonderful quality in this bracelet. Great price and well packaged with a cute little poem. So happy I found this. <end>  Present for sister in law  She loved it as soon as she got it she put it on & showed it off to her coworkers. <end>  great gift  my grandmother loved this for her birthday! she cried when she read the message, its very sweet and sentimental. im glad i purchased this for her <end>  Nice bracelet  I ordered two of these for Christmas gifts and I was pleasantly surprised by their quality and feel. Most bracelets in this price range look and feel cheap, but these definitely do not! <end>  Cheap bracelet  You pay for what you get... The bracelet is of a dollar store type quality, so if you are purchasing this as a primary gift, I would advise you not too. But as an add on to a better gift, then ok. The quality is very low. I think it would be more for sentiment only and would be ok. I doubt the person I bought it for will wear it, and I won't blame her. Maybe hanging it from her rear view mirror would be nice.I had gotten one of these before and the quality was great. Heavy silver with beautiful beads. So I expected this one to be the same, but it is just light metal (almost plastic-ish, spray painted silver), and the beads are plastic. I was disappointed but considering what I paid, I should have known better. <end>  The person I bought it for, absolutely loved it!  I bought this for my boyfriend's mother (grandmother of my daughter) out of state and she said it was very beautiful and loved it! Glad to know since I was buying it online for her and had it shipped straight there.  ) <end>  Really nice.  I bought this for my mother in law as a Mother's Day gift from my children. She loved it! Really pretty and totally worth it! <end>  Makes a wonderful gift!  This bracelet is a beautiful, quality item. You can't beat it for the price. Makes a wonderful gift for any grandmother. Can't wait to give it to mine on her 90th birthday. I'm sure she'll treasure it. <end>  just a great gift for any grandmother  Beautiful charms, streching band & tons of shine! Gift from my son's to their great grandma- she's just adores the messages on the charms! <end>  Excellent Product  This product will not disappoint you! It looks way more expensive than it is, and it is very very beautiful. No grandmother would hate this!.... It is an ideal gift from a grandchild of any age....adult grandchild or kid grandchild -- It comes in a beautiful blue and silver gift box and it comes with a nice "passage" to Grandmother...good gift item. <end>  Lovely bracelet!  My little almost 4 yr old grandson was so proud when he gave me this sweet bracelet. It melted my heart when I opened it as I had admired it for some time. Not very heavy, but has a nice clasp & lovely charm wording. Sweet little gift box & card included. <end>  Kind of a let down  I bought this as a birthday present fo rmy mother in law, and was quite dissapointed upon receiving the bracelot. The quality is very poor. I am not even sure if I will still give this to her whereas it seems like its made of plastic. I am now off to purchase her something else. <end>  It's okay.  I like the concept and the design. It's pretty, and the box is pretty, but it's not great. Feels pretty lightweight and plastic-y. <end>  Grandmother  I bought this bracelet for my Grandma and she loved it. She wears it almost daily and it means a lot to her. It was such a great deal for the price too! <end>  Pretty bracelet  Ordered this for my Mom (from my 3 year old) for Mother's Day. Very pretty and nicely packaged. I had it sent directly to her, and I only wish they offered a gifting option so that the receipt would not have been included. <end>  great moms day gift!  My mom is a new grandma and this was a great gift for mothers day. For the price, you can't beat it. It looks like it costs way more than it does and she loved it. <end>  Grandmother's Bracelet  Elegant bracelet that gives far more value than its price. Quality workmanship and materials. Beautifully presented in a clear-topped box with a verse within the bracelet. Lovely and sentimental. <end>  Great quality for the price!  I got this bracelet for my mother in law from my young daughter. The quality is actually much better than I expected! It comes in attractive packaging and it's ready to go. Very nice, especially for the price! <end>  Great Gift - a real deal  I was so surprised by the great quality of this product when i received it. I was a bit weary because the price was so amazing - but the bracelet is GREAT. I recommend this for any Grandma! <end>  Love LOVE LOVE  Wasn't expecting much because of the price but they are beautiful and well made. The poem they come with is great. Made both grandmas cry (good tears) and they wear them everyday. I loved it so much I bought myself the mother one. <end>  Great Gift  I Got This For My Grandma For Christmas And She Loved It! She Wears It Everyday And Shows Me It Every Time I See Her! Very Beautiful Bracelet And Love The Writing Inside The Box! <end>  Beautiful  I absolutely love this bracelet and so does the lady I gave it to. It really speaks to you. It is cute and casual yet can be dressed up so I think it is perfect for almost any occation  ) <end>  Awesome blossom  It was awesome my grandma LOVES it!!!! She especially loved how it said forever grandmother love....I also got my aunt a different one.. It was awesome I definintly did good this year!!  ) &lt;3 <end>  great product  packaged great, and will be perfect for any grandmother, it has a nice poem inside of the display box that adds to the gift.. speedy delivery A++ <end>  Perfect gift for a new Grandma  I got this for my Mom for her first Mother's Day. She loves it. The only problem is that it is a little big, but she does have a little wrist. Just wanted you all to know!  ) <end>  Great gift!!!  This was a birthday gift from my girls to their grandma she LOVED it and the elegant box made her believe we spent more then we did. This is a wonderful idea for any special occassion or a just because.  ) <end>  worth it  Nice inexpensive gift that would put a smile on anyone's face. My 75 year old Grandmother loved it and was in tears. <end>  Beautiful  I got this as a gift for my grandmother, and she loved it. It looks bigger on here than it really is. <end>  Didnt love but didnt hate  The bracelet was engraved but does have the black stain over the entire work Grandmother. So what you see is Grandmoth <end>
 B000NHVKSG  18k Gold Rubber Stainless Steel Screws Cable Mens Bracelet ||	  cool bracelet  Very unique and stylish. You will get a lot of complements on this. Only drawback is that you cant adjust the size. Sorry small wristed people! <end>  I like  I bought this as a gift. It will fit on an average size mans wrist, but you cant adjust the size. You can easily open it if you are not an idiot. The cable on the side makes this bracelet firm. It looks like on the picture. <end>  Must have  My friends see this and say wooo!!!!!!, it just has this look of wealthy but it is not expensive. Love it and would recommend it to everyone. <end>  Good Bracelet  i thought that it might be more flexible.the "gold" accents are on an interesting design.i have had a number of complimentary comments on the bracelet.the clasp takes a little getting accustomed to. <end>
 B000NHW34Q  Dollar Sign Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  U.S. Dollar Sign Cuff Links  The product we saw on line, ordered, and sent were just what we expected. They were shipped quickly. We got what we ordered and in the amount of time we expected. Very satisfied. The gift box included was a nice touch since this was a gift. <end>
 B000NHX4JY  Always in Memory Bracelet - Sympathy Gift ||	  Memory Bracelet  I sent this to a friend at work who lives in another state. Recently, she had one of her best friends to die. She was very sad. She absolutely loved this bracelet. She said it was really beautiful and that the card was wonderful as well. <end>
 B000NHXAW0  Purple Frog Brooch ||	  Beautiful...  I bought this for a family member whose favorite color is purple and who loves frogs. It was well received! A great product for dressing up a dull shirt or blouse. <end>
 B000NHYWUE  Orca Whale Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  Can you say CUTE !!!!  I purchased these as a gift for an Orca lover. She is gonna flip! They are small in size, but an adult can wear them. They seem like they would be great for people with multiple piercings. I dont know about a "carbon footprint", but you could say that they'd leave a "small earlobe footprint". I think this is the first time that I can say that a killer whale is 'cute' and 'dainty'. The shipping was extremely quick and I know that they will be a hit. I'm not finding any cheapness that others talked about. I can see that these could be for children or adults. Its just so exciting to find an orca!!!!!!!!!! <end>  My girlfriend loves them  Not too expensive, she loved them. The backs to them seem a bit flimsy, like they will fall off easily but hey that is all earrings nowadays ( so my girlfriend said to me). they deliver fast <end>
 B000NHYWWW  Dark Tiger Swallowtail Butterfly Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  made in china, way way over priced  when arrived says made in china on front of package, extremely light, also, much smaller to me than the pic looked, looks and feels like cost $5.00 to make, in china probably ten cents. these should cost no more than $10.00 <end>  Nice earrings  This is a very nice earrings (as all by Zarah seem to be). It is a very good size and easy to wear. However, a personal opinion is that it is not quite as beautiful as the yellow tiger swallowtail ones. <end>  Beautiful!  My fiance loves these! They look even better in person than in the pics. The silver is very high quality and the enamel is plenty thick. Perfect valentines gift ;) <end>  BIgger than I expected but still beautiful  These lovely earrings are bigger than I expected but I love them. Great quality and the details are just amazing. <end>  really nice for the price  Good earrings especially for the price. Very light weight, felt cheep at first; but the details of color and design really stand out. My girlfriend really liked them. <end>  Birthday present  Perfect present for a person who seems to have everything and yet deserves something special. I got these for my mother who loves birds and butterflies, not to mention the color blue so these were absolutely perfect for her!Thanks for having them! <end>  Lovely  I got these as a gift for a friend and she really loved the colors and details and she put them on immediately after receiving. They look like they would be heavy but they are not. They also look more expensive than what I paid for them. <end>  Beautiful butterfly earrings  The earrings came quickly. They were a gift for my "new" daughter in law for her birthday. She sent me an enthusiastic and happy message of thanks, telling me how beautiful the earrings are, how happy she was to get them and how many compliments she gets on them from her students. She is a high school Biology teacher and she certainly appreciates the detail and fine quality of the earrings. <end>  Great earrings!  I have three pair of butterfly earrings made by Zarah and purchased from Clearly Charming. I love all three. They are very delicate and intricate. They go nicely with casual or work outfits. FUN! <end>
 B000NI46AY  Sterling Silver 3 CTW Smokey Quartz 0.3" x 0.4" Post Stud Earrings ||	  Smokey Quartz Stud Earrings  These earrings are just spectacular. Stunning quality. The image does not do these gorgeous earrings justice. <end>  Not The Same Color As The Picture  These are well made and very large, but the stones I got are almost colorless...just a pale, pale smokey color. <end>
 B000NJ0RXI  Genuine Aragonite, Rose Quartz, Amazonite Stone 8mm Bead Stretch Bracelet Set ||	  Stretch bracelets  I love the colors and their easy to put on. I hope to add more to my collection. Glad I bought them. <end>
 B000NJ3QCW  USA Pearl, Lapis, Coral Stone 8mm Bead Stretch Bracelet Set ||	  Bracelet's  I purchased a bunch of these style bracelets. They are the perfect size for my small wrists and very good quality. You don't have to worry about getting imitation or plastic instead of the real gemstones. <end>  Patriotic bracelets!  I am so happy with this purchase. The bracelets are easy to slip on and comfortable to wear, but if you are a large wristed girl you may not find them so. But they are just lovely! The lapis is a rich blue with glints of gold and the coral, well,love that red. I was pleasantly surprized at how quickley they arrived. I love jewelry and this is a great addition to my collection. Thanks to Amazon for helping me find these. <end>  Perfect bracelet for Independence Day  Bold red, white and blue Fourth of July colors. A perfect bracelet for Independence Day. A tight fit (7 or 7.5 wrist) but the beads are over medium-sized, almost large. The Lapis looks more like sodalite. <end>  Patriotic Pearls  I love this set of bracelets. The colors are very bold and yet they go well together. The lapis lazuli appears to be genuine - although I'm not an expert - and is a rich blue with flecks of gold and small strains of white. The coral is a deep coral-red color, and the pearls are a bright and shiny white. By the weight of the pearl bracelet, I would be surprised if they are genuine pearls (they feel like costume jewelry to me, but again - I'm not an expert), however they look very nice with the set. On all three of the bracelets, the stones/coral/(imitation?) pearls appear perfectly rounded, evenly sized, and smooth. Each bracelet is threaded with a clear elastic band and should be big enough for a small to medium size wrist. I have not had my set long and have only worn them a few times, so I can't say how long the bands will hold, but they are a beautiful, eye-catching set. I would buy this set of bracelets again without hesitation. <end>
 B000NJCSJ4  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Pendant, 18" ||	  Dazzling  When my former student, who is now 20 years old, received this dazzling blue topaz pendant, she was overjoyed. She liked it even more than her own birthstone. I am a very satisfied customer. The only thing I might suggest is maybe sending this type of jewelry in a different package because I did have to do some minor untangling. <end>  Good buy for the cost  The blue pouch it comes in is not very attractive, but the necklace is nice and about what you'd expect for the cost. <end>  Absolutely Stunning  This necklace is everything and more that's in the description and i feel that this piece of jewelry came from the finest jeweler in the world. For the people who dont need spend thousands of dollars on amazingly beautiful gifts to express how you feel this is the best there is. The color is a cool, relaxed 'feel good' color which matches so perfectly with the emotions i had (i got this for my Girlfriend) and the feelings you have for your special someone or ever to spoil yourself. It is an only 18'' necklace so if you're of bigger stature you're definitely going to need a bigger chain but other than that this piece is incredible 5/5. <end>  Great Price  I got this for a gift, and now I want to keep it for myself! It's a good size for such a low price, and really sparkles. It is a light stone, but is beautiful and good quality. I'm tempted to get one for myself. <end>  Stunning Pendant  The stone is just stunning, as is the chain. The gemstone was larger than I expected. It looks MUCH more expensive than it was. When I saw it, I thought it would have cost at least 60 or 70 dollars. I gave as a gift. GREAT deal for the money. <end>  ABSOLUTELY BEAUIFUL!  This pendant was a lot larger than I expected. It is absolutely beautiful, and I have received many compliments on it. Would make a great gift for a loved one!! <end>  What a Deal!  This necklace is even more gorgeous than I had dared to hope! The chain is sturdy and shiny, and the Topaz is a beautiful sparkling-clear blue. I have only had it for a week, and I have already received numerous compliments. This is a lovely necklace and the price makes it that much sweeter! <end>  Very pretty  I am really loving this necklace. Just as described and fast shipping. Thank you! <end>  Beautiful  Beautiful necklace. Shimmers in the light. Sterling Silver also shines. Definately good purchase <end>  Worth what I paid for it.  Not a bad piece of jewelry for the price.I wouldn't have paid more for it than I did so I am happy. <end>  good  good for what it is s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s ssss <end>  Sweet!  Bought the matching earrings that go with this thing. Looks good, nice and shiny to keep the war department from calling me a cheap skate and I got a hall pass out of it. <end>  Blue topaz silver pendant  liked it, but was the chain silver? A deeper blue would have been preeferable Title Blue topaz pendant.. I do like jewellery <end>  My daughter loves this!  I actually meant to order the matching earrings. A mistake to my delight! She loves it, and so do I. <end>  Very nice indeed!!  Was as ad described, very good quality and very smart looking.. She loved it...Great price for the quality and looks. <end>  beautiful  This pendant was bought as a gift and I seriously thought of keeping it. It is lovely. I guess I'll have to buy me one. <end>  great buy  Very Pretty, she loved it, take off the cheap plastic wrap and place in nice velvet bag that comes with it before gifting. <end>  Only 1 thing  What I recieved was not a blue topaz. I believe it was an aqua marine. I wanted to take to a jewelry store to verify, but my niece that I bought it for was fine with it so I may never know for sure. <end>  Beautiful pendant  My pendant came out a nice blue color, slightly richer than the pendant pictured. In a word, it is beautiful. The product appears well made and is certain to get compliments! <end>  I'm wearing it now!  Saw the blue topaz ring first. Bought it and the earrings and necklace to match! I put them on this morning and I haven't taken them off since! Love them! <end>  Very nice product  Thank you. Wonderful product price wise and quality wise.The stone is great. Now will look for nice matching earrings. <end>  Fantastic stone for the price!  The blue topaz I received was a deep blue and a good size. I gave it to my sister and when I whispered in her ear "by the way, it's real!" She said "I can see that honey!" She loved it and I was really proud to give it to her. The only thing I would do before giving it as a gift is maybe place it on another chain and repackage it in a nice box. I bought it for the pendant, so I would expect to have to do these two things anyhow. <end>  So pretty!  I love the color and clarity of this stone. I also love the length of the chain. I've been looking for an inexpensive 18" box chain and this is it! I'm going to use it for a variety of pendants. <end>  I wear this necklace daily!  I love this necklace! I received it over the summer and I've only taken it off a few times because I felt that it would tarnish easily. However, I shower with it daily and it still looks very pretty... it's very sturdy. I can say this cause I always accidentally tug on it when I'm trying to gather my hair together for a ponytail or when I'm sleeping. I've gotten numerous compliments on it from friends and it was a really lovely surprise from my boyfriend  )It's sparkly and elegant. I'm not even sure if he knew that Blue Topaz is the birthstone for my birth month, December... but it was thoughtful nonetheless! <end>  Very nice!  I ordered this for my wife to pair with some blue topaz earrings-they match very well. I've only seen this item in a picture she took so far, so keep that in mind. The color is a beautiful light blue. She really likes it a lot. I would definitely recommend this product. The price was great, too. <end>  Beautiful!  I wear this piece everyday! It is a lighter stone, but it sparkles in the light and is worth the price. The chain is cheap, but if fits nicley on another chain. I would buy this again! <end>  Love it  I am more than pleased with my pendant. I love the color. quality, and length. It is pefect for casual or dress. <end>  Stone Smaller  Stone was a bit smaller than I expected (wish amazon would publish in BOTH metric and inches!) but still very pretty. Color true to photo. <end>  beautful  This necklace is beautiful beyond words. It is too bad I can only judge up to 5 stars - this necklace is a 10! <end>  A little small but very shiny  The Topaz is a little tinier than I imagined, but the color is exactly how it is pictured and it's super shiny. The chain is very shiny as well. Overall very satisfied. <end>  Very nice!  I received this item on time. It is a really pretty item. The topaz is pretty light in its blue, but looks incredible. It comes in a little pouch within a box. With that being said, you may have to untangle the necklace a little bit, but if your SO loves Blue Topaz, s/he will love this. <end>  fabulous!!!!  I absolutely LOVED this necklace. When it arrived it was in perfect condition. There was nothing wrong with the chain or the stone. Whenever I put this necklace on, I get tons of compliments. This necklace sparkles, and comes in the perfect shade of blue. This necklace was well worth the money. <end>  Perfect!  This item is a perfect match with the earrings! It looks stunning and is really value for money! My wife is ecstatic! Who said the beautiful things in life has to cost an arm and a leg? <end>  Great Pendant  I was extremely pleased when I received the pendant. The color and cut is great and really shows up with a sparkle when worn. Was disappointed in the chain - a little whimpy - but since I have several beautiful silver chains and like the blue topaz stone so well I'll give the chain to Goodwill or Salvation Army store without a regret. Good value for the money. <end>  Very Nice  Stone colour is just as pictured and the size of the stone is exactly the same as the stone size of the matching ring. For a ring this stone size is very generous and its very nice as a pendant as well. It also comes on a nice quality box chain. And for $25, its a steal! If you're thinking of ordering either the ring or this necklace, JUST DO IT! You won't regret it. <end>  Pretty  Wasn't expecting much. You never know online. This was fairly inexpensive I thought, but it looked very pretty on my screen. Got it and approved. I gave it to my Girl and she seemed to love it. <end>  not worth it  very small made in china totally not worth 25$ try like 5$ would not reccomend it to anyone garbage thought it was bigger but its not. <end>  Perfect gift for yourself or someone you love!  I was worried when I ordered this that it would look like a $5 fake but was very happy when i received it in the mail. The box silver chain is much better quality than other comparable necklaces on amazon and the stone is very beautiful. Its almost too big! I love it! Highly recommend it as a gift as well. <end>  pretty  It is pretty, the color of the stone is much lighter than the picture, but still it is a pretty one. <end>  Looks wonderful  For the girlfriend, it looks wonderful. Very pretty blue, I think the lady will love it, as it complements some earrings I got along with a dress she picked out. <end>  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Pendant  Very pretty pendant can be worn for formal functions and casual settings. Color is fantastic, beautiful color stones, good quality .Fast delivery of the product. <end>  A wonderful value for the price  I found this an amazing value for the price.My wife received this for Christmas and put it on right away.It wonderful Christmas present thank you <end>  Beautiful  I bought this for a gift and I wasn't disappointed! She loved it. It has classic lines, a good cut on the stone and a good color. Can't be beat for the price. <end>  It was OK  This item was not as good looking in person as it looked in the picture. We were a little disappointed. <end>  Ok,  Item was as described, great for a young girl,middle school age. Mount was acceptable. ok price for the size and quality of the stone <end>  Very good  Bought it for my sister as a birthday gift together with the earrings, and she really enjoyed it, even more than what I was expecting. She uses it very often <end>  Very pretty  The pendant is beautiful and looks really nice on. The chain is very small and could be longer and thicker... <end>  topaz necklace  I also bought this for myself. It has my birthstone in it. I just love it and haven't taken it off since it came. I just love it!!! <end>  Nice looking  I must say that I don't know a thing about jewelry, so, this short review is from the point of view of someone who bought this item following the pictures and general reviews... The product is nice, it comes in a cheap soft box, which is not as bad as you might think with the word cheap. The crystal is shiny with a nice soft blue color, just take a look to the pic I uploaded, I tried to make it look the most real possible so you can appreciate how the product looks, since most of the pictures are enhanced with photoshop for this kind of products. Happy with the product  ) <end>  Awesome Necklace!  My girlfriend loved this necklace! It's so inexpensive, but still looks great! This is a great present for the month of December <end>  Very elegant  Pros Simple but elegantWife loved itCons A little smaller than I expected <end>  Great!!!  This was a great gift for my girlfriend, she loves it and hasn't takin it off since i gt it for her. Product shipped on time, well packaged, no damage, i highly recommend buying from this seller. <end>  Pleasant Surprise  Used a different chain due to size, but the pendant itself was very nice. I wasn't expecting it to look as good as it does on account of the price, so it's certainly worth it. <end>  Very pretty necklace  This is a very pretty necklace. The chain is on thinner side, but strong enough to carry the pendant. The topaz is just the right size and has a nice shine to it. It does require frequent cleaning though as the chain tends to corrode easily which is the case with all silver jewellery anyway. <end>  Quality Jewelry at a great price!!!  I was very happy with the quality workmanship of this necklace. The gem was flawless and the metal looks high quality. A very sparkly, stunning necklace you will love!! <end>  wonderful gift  This was a wonderful gift from my husband and I love it...Arrived safely and on time for Christmas. <end>  Support you local jeweler  It looked so nice in the photo but what I have is a tiny chip of (probably artificial) blue topaz on a chain about the thickness of heavy sewing machine cotton. Perhaps a pretty thing for a little girl but certainly not adult jewelry. Looks and feels like a con as the jewelers in my local shopping mall all offer far better pieces for a lower price.Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Pendant, 18" <end>  Great pendant!  This pendant was a surprisingly large size and is beautiful! The chain is a cheap one but does not look to bad. <end>  worth the price!  The chain and the pendant are worth the price. The pendant looks beautiful and can be worn with any dress. Totally worth it! <end>  Great Value - Nice and Sparkly!  Received this pendant yesterday and am so pleased! I ordered it for Easter - it's a large impact for a low price, but it really is so gorgeous that I'm sure I'll be wearing it all summer. The silver really sets the whole thing off. The stone itself has beautiful color, as other reviewers have said, and appears to be of really good quality and is very eye catching. The chain is a bit delicate (I've got 5 children who can be rambunctious and might snap the chain), but at this price, I wasn't expecting a big, heavy chain. I'll wear it consciously, meaning that I don't think I'll have to be careful with it - just thoughtful of wearing it. Very worthwhile purchase and I know I'll get plenty of enjoyment out of it. Bonus was that it arrived in it's own drawstring storage pouch too. Very happy with my purchase. <end>  Aggravated.  I ordered this for my best friend two weeks before Christmas, it said it would be here the 10th of this month. It never showed up. I give the company ZERO stars. <end>  Way more beautiful than you might think  I ordered this pendant based on other reviews and price is great. To my pleasant surprise when the pendant came it is even more beautiful than I expected. This would make a perfect gift and the price couldn't be better. <end>  Nice!!  It is the same nice color that was shown in the pictures. Came on time with a cute box and a bag. <end>  Not very happy  I got this for my Mom as it's her birthstone (Dec. 2). However, while the stone is very clear and bright exactly as photos. It had a small crack on top of the stone. It might not be too obvious, but it is visible to naked eyes. If I had enough time I would have requested a return, too bad It came 2 days before her birthday. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  The pendant is beautiful and well worth the money. The chain is not worth it, but the pendant more than makes up for what the chain lacks. A small, quality silver chain bought seperatly will be worth the price to show off this beautiful pale blue stone. <end>  Lovely Stone  This necklace was a surprise. Despite the nice reviews, I was still pleased to see such a large stone. It's particularly impressive for 25$. The box chain is fine, but I'll probably switch the pendant between this and a 20" chain so I can wear it with different necklines. Plus, if it's on a longer chain I can look down and see it, too. The stone is a nice natural pale blue and catches light well. This is a great deal for an impressive but inexpensive special occasion gift for your daughter/wife/girl friend/mother. <end>  good stuff but cheap price  Great surprise when I opened the box, it comes with a blue punch which looks nice and bright. It looks exactly the picture I saw and make no differences than you buy at macy's store. <end>  Excellent  WOW! When the package came, I was surprised to see such a beautiful gem for such a great price! The whole necklace is nice. I am very pleased. <end>  A gift for my mother  Extremely high quality pendant and it was definitely loved. Her face lit up and she enjoys it to this day. The box it came in good use some improvement in quality, was it not for that the pendant could have passed for costing easily four times the price. <end>  a beautiful necklace  This necklace is a steal on Amazon. It's at a very discounted price! And the stone is actually a lot bigger than I first assumed it would be. The blue of the stone is just as radiant as it is the pictures, and my sister loved it!  ) <end>  Shiny!  I bought this as a Christmas present and the girlfriend loves it! The chain could be better quality but I love the gem and size. She's received several compliments already. Great purchase. <end>  Lovely!  This is a beautiful, simply elegant, necklace. The topaz is just as described, and even better in person. The setting and box chain are both very sturdy. And, of course, the price is excellent. <end>  One of Amazon's best values  This is amazing, a lot of gemstone for the price. I thought it was too good to be true, until I saw how beautiful it is. It's terrific as an everyday casual necklace, or even to complement a dressy outfit.The stone is as large as the description says, and this is a quality blue topaz  clear, medium-blue, and cut nicely on the bottom to give it good sparkle. The four-prong setting seems secure enough but doesn't intrude much onto the stone.Best of all, I ordered two on a Friday night, hunting around for more stocking stuffers, and mere "Free Super Saver Shipping" got them to me on the following Wednesday. Thanks again, Amazon! <end>  A breath-taking, beautiful surprise!  Although the color was quite a bit lighter than the picture, the pale blue probably added to the beauty of this piece. The stone was much larger than expected and could easily be worn alone as a solitaire pendant without "getting lost". The cut and the sparkle are magnificent. It appears to be a far more valuable piece of jewelry than was charged. The silver chain was strong and also sparkled. It looks nicer than white gold. After viewing this pendant (I initially ordered two), I promptly ordered two more, plus the rings and earrings that coorinate. The sets will make birthstone gifts that I am proud to give! <end>  Above average  The item came in on time and was well packaged. Got a box and a blue velvet pouch along with the pendant. Though the stone is a lot lighter than its advertised image it looks good. One issue is that the stone had a relatively long scratch mark/streak on it. It is visible when you look at the stone against a light source, but I guess at this price Quality is not really paramount! <end>  Topaz Sparkler  I was absolutely shocked when I first set eyes on this pendant yesterday afternoon. The color of stone in the necklace I received is a deep, clear turquoise blue. It's not a light blue at all. It reminds me of the color of a tropical sea. I have rarely seen a topaz stone with more color or depth and I own quite a few pieces.My only concern is that I bought the ring to match and it hasn't arrived yet. I'm worried it won't match the pendant, but even if it doesn't I won't send the pendant back. Topaz stones like this one are usually much more expensive and set in gold. I'm keeping this one. What a deal! <end>  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Pendant, 18"  Bought it for the wife and she liked it. Only problems are typical ones; pendant was a little small and necklace needed replacing to avoid it breaking and losing of the pendant. Necklace is freebie and has the freebie quality. <end>  Pretty but not Wonderful  The necklace is pretty, but looking at the other reviews I was expecting to be wowed. I wasn't. I kept the necklace, but if I had seen this at a store I would not have bought it. The stone was almost see through and the chain was shiny in a cheap sort of way. I'm hoping after I have it for a while the shine will fade. <end>  Beautiful  This stone was so lovely that I immediately ordered a second one. Good color and very pretty. This makes a very nice birthstone gift. <end>  Looks Much More Expensive that it is  Far too often when you buy inexpensive jewelry online, what you get doesn't just look inexpensive, it looks cheap. this blue topaz pendant is the exception. The color was a beautiful shade of blue, slightly darker than the picture shown. It's also large enough to standout and be noticed, but not so large as to be gaudy. My wife loves to wear it, and it is among her favorite's. The only change she made was use a find a heavier chain. The one included, while lovely, looks quite delicate. Don't want to lose it! this would make a great Valentine's gift, and the date is coming up! <end>  Not quite as blue as the image on Amazon  The stone is so pale my wife thought it was aquamarine and not topaz, her birthstone. And the number of facets shown on the image is like twice the amount on the gemstone I got. The chain is so thin it looks like it could barely hold the pendent. Overall it was an amazing disappointment as a present for her. <end>
 B000NJFSD2  Sterling Silver Chinese Character for Peace Sign Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  My girlfriend loves it.  As the title says, my girlfriend loves it. She says she gets compliments from everybody when she wears it. Can't ask for any better than that. <end>  PEACE IN CHINESE  Very nice, good quality and looked just like the picture. The chain was too short for my grandson and small for a pendant this size. He didn't love it as much as I thought he would. <end>
 B000NJFSMS  Sterling Silver Alabama State Map Pendant, 1 1/16 inch tall ||	  Purchase  Item is sideways, so looks like Tennessee instead of Alabama. I hate it !! Don't buy from this company because pictures on Amazon are not correct. <end>
 B000NJFSQE  Sterling Silver Orthodox Cross Pendant, 1 3/8 inch tall ||	  nice cross - lousy chain  I bought this cross and necklace for my son for his Chrismation into the Orthodox church. It's a beautiful byzantine style cross that looks as good as the pictures online. The chain was a disappointment, as it is so thin and flimsy it looks like it would fall apart if you stared at it too hard. In less than two weeks, it had indeed broke and will have to be replaced by another, much more sturdy chain. Beautiful cross, but don't count on the chain lasting. <end>  Almost perfect.  I have had the cross for several months now, it's been worn in the shower, slept in, and handled. The only negative thing for me is that the little loop thingy holding the pendant gets stuck with the fatter end hanging down and the pendant then sticks out toward whoever is facing you (or you in the mirror). I would like to see the loop be even all around, and I plan to take it to a jeweler to have that done. <end>  Silver cross  It's a really nice basic Orthodox cross. Not too small, not too big. I'm very glad I've ordered it. <end>
 B000NJHD8K  Sterling Silver Bulldog Head Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  Looks just like my bully!!  The pendant is awesome! It has a good feel to it and isn't light and "cheap" feeling. I wear my necklaces nonstop, and shower daily with them on. This pendant hasn't tarnished or discolored at all! Very Pleased. <end>
 B000NJHDAI  Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 2 1/8 inch tall ||	  Sunshine  This is beautiful! I love the detail and it's on both sides so you don't have to worry about which way it goes. Have had several compliments already. <end>  exactly as pictured!  this product was exactly as pictured, no suprises. quick delivery and no problems with the product. thanks! <end>  powerful Star of David  The Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant by Sabrina Silver is absolutely perfect for me! Powerful, beautiful, and extremely soild in constructioin. It is exactly how it appears in the picture.I am quite proud to wear it! Arrived within a few days after ordering it. Very reasonable price, as well. <end>
 B000NJHDBW  Sterling Silver Montana State Map Pendant , 3/4 inch tall ||	  Great!  Love this product! High quality and very crisp letters. Was a bit larger than I expected, but is light weight enough to be worn every day. <end>  Great little charm  Nicely detailed and a good weight, yet not too heavy to use on an anklet. Great price too! <end>
 B000NJY5G8  Pave Skull & Crossbones CZ Silver Toe Ring- Skull Toe Ring ||	  Wife loved it!  My wife really liked this toe ring. She loves the way it looks classy and edgy at the same time. Trust me, it really is. People have complimented her on how good it looks from a distance, and then when they get close, they see that it is a skull and crossbones and they love how "dangerous" it makes her seem, all without losing any of her class! <end>  cz skull toe ring  Totally cute and edgy! Second toe ring I have bought from Eves. How could you go wrong? They're so great for the price! <end>  Before you purchase  toe ring is cute...but the picture is misleading...it looks like the toe ring is adjustable...but infact it is not...i tried to make it wider to fit onto my toe and it broke in half...so it a one size fits all...but the size is too small to get onto the toe...and if you have skinny toes to big to stay on the toe... <end>  Love it  I never take it off. I am thinking of getting another just in case something happens to mine. I love it. <end>
 B000NK09QM  Double Knot Sterling Silver Cufflinks ||	  silver cufflinks  these cufflinks are ral feminine and look very nice,,fancy looking, I bought them for my daughter and she loves them! <end>
 B000NL72OS  Aqua Blue Crystal Princess Crown Round Photo Locket Silver-Tone Pendant Adjustable 16" Necklace ||	  Love it!  It turned out to be exactly what I expected. I received the item in the time that it was promised to me. Love it! Highly recomended! <end>
 B000NLFLBY  Trendy Clear Swarovski Crystal Heart .925 Sterling Silver Leverback Dangle Earrings ||	  Trendy Swarovski Crystal Heart Sterling Silver Leverback Dangle Earrings  Beautiful, extremely clear, shining, Trendy Swarovski Crystal Heart Sterling Silver Leverback Dangle Earrings......well cut. Impressive. Much better than I imagined them to be. Match with many outfits. <end>
 B000NN2HSC  Champagne CZ Heart Gold Vermeil Necklace - 16 inches ||	  Perfect!  The package came to me super fast, days before the delivery date! The necklace is absolutely gorgeous and looks just as shown in the photo. The chain is a little delicate so beware if you handle your jewelry a little roughly. Overall I am completely pleased with this product. I got the matching earrings as well which look stunning with this pendant. <end>
 B000NNRKDO  Sterling Silver Genuine Amber Stone Bali Bead LeverBack Earrings ||	  Amber Stone Earrings  Although lovely, these earrings are very small. The stones are a bit darker and less sparkly than the photo. The earrings are too small to make the impact that you would expect from the photo. It is very difficult to see the beautiful craftsmanship. Wish they were larger. Perfect for a teen or pre teen. <end>
 B000NNRKDY  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Emerald 4mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  loved them!  I bought these as a gift for my mom, she loves them! I even bought her more, the ruby and the sapphire! Shipped very fast! Great price, really nice stones! <end>  worth the 8$ i paid for  perfect for my 8 years old who wanted her birthstone, but we just weren't willing to spend so much on top of the line emeralds.Sadly, i ordred 2 sets, knowing she would lose one... and one of them came without the back !still love them <end>  4mm Earrings  For the money It's ok,really small. Should have purchased a bigger one.The blue bage it came in was beautiful !!!! <end>
 B000NNZ25W  Onyx and White Mother Of Pearl Uncovered Heart Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Beautiful pendant; great service  Bought this for my mother for Mother's Day. She loved it. We bought it because she had wanted onyx/gold jewelry. Item arrived as advertised. And delivery was faster than advertised. Would do business with Golden Dragon again without hesitation. <end>
 B000NOGPFC  Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Initial "G" Charm 1 inch Long Pendant ||	  Pretty  This charm was much prettier when I received it than it is in the picture. I was suprised at the weight of it. I was expecting a small thin charm and this is a thick, quality, solid, sterling silver piece of jewelry. Very nice.....I would definately recommend. <end>
 B000NOLYKI  Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Initial "J" Charm 1 inch Long Pendant ||	  Looks like designer  My sister suggested I check this out, as she had bought several different initials and loved them. She said she thought they lookedjust like the ones sold by designer Judith Ripka, and I agree. The onesI got look very high-end and much more expensive than they are. I gave one on a bracelet to a friend, and she loved it, too. <end>  J pendant  I got it for my wife and she loved it! And that's all that really matters. <end>  PERFECT  I BOUGHT THIS ITEM AND ALSO A LETTER M FOR MY 2 SONS. THEY WERE PERFECT,NOT TOO BIG OR SMALL. THEY SPARKLE JUST ENOUGH, I WOULD SIZE IT COMPARABLE TO A NICKEL. I IT PAIRED WITH A 2MM DIAMOND CUT ROPE CHAIN. IT WAS A GREAT GIFT MY SONS ARE 16 AND 26 AND THEY LOVED IT <end>  Beautiful!  Got this charm for one of my bridesmaids. It was even more beautiful than it was in the picture. I can't wait to give it to her at my October wedding! <end>  pendant letter J  I ordered this letter pedant for myself, its even more beautiful in person than on the picture. <end>  Just as Seen In Picture  This Is Just as shown in the picture... exactly what i ordered, what more can i say <end>
 B000NOWUOM  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Freshwater Cultured Black Coin Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Southern Belle  I purchased these to match a black pearl necklace and they are gorgeous! The silver is very nice and good quality! The black pearls are very pretty too! I highly recommend! <end>
 B000NPAC00  Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Initial "Q" Charm 1 inch Long Pendant ||	  Great item for the price  I have this for a year. It still looks nice. It gets dirty pretty easily, but just invest in some cleaner. It looks real and it very cute. I'm happy with it! <end>
 B000NPC1IQ  Sterling Silver Marquise Dragonfly Amber Ring Size 4,4.5,5,5.5,6,6.5,7,7.5,8,8.5,9 ||	  Absolutely Beautiful -  The ring was a little larger then I thought but I am very happy with it and have already received several compliments on the ring. The silver sets off the amber stones beautifully. <end>
 B000NPWP32  BD164-S .925 Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Initial "S" Charm 1" Long Pendant ||	  nice  i love silver the s was a perfect size i will buy again in the future.i highly recommend buying if you love good quality silver. <end>  Sterling Silver Round Clear C/Z Initial S Charm  I received my charm in a timely manner, and it appeared just as it did in the picture. However, once I got it, it was smaller than I had anticipated. Would have liked it, a little bigger. Thought about ordering others for X-mas gifts, but need to find one that is slightly bigger <end>
 B000NPYBSO  BD164-T .925 Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Initial "T" Charm 1" Long Pendant ||	  Really nice. .  I ordered this charm and it is beautiful. Nice size, nice weight, shiny, the cubic zirconia are nice and shiny . .it does look more expensive than what I actually paid for it, as the other reviewer stated. I'm quite happy with my purchase and definitely recommend! <end>  Excellent  I love this! It looks like it cost much more than it did. The silver is shiny and the CZ's are beautiful. <end>
 B000NRRH1A  Rhodium plated tic tac toe cufflinks with presentation box ||	  An excellent gift for the tic-tac-toe enthusiast  Greetings again from your favorite mathematician, game theorist, and proud Chi Omicron Chi (XOX, aka "Xocks") brother. If you recall, I had a young son whom I was trying to teach tic-tac-toe using the "Shot Glasses Tic-Tac-Toe" set, but was having limited success due, I surmised, to "the time delay between his losing tic-tac-toe games and the negative effects of alcohol poisoning inhibit[ing] his forming the negatively reinforcing connections." I finally got around this problem by adding a few drops of castor oil into his orange juice-diluted vodka. The nausea-inducing and emetic effects of the oil finally gave my son the extra incentive to finally learn the best way to play so he wouldn't have to down my remaining glasses, to which I also add castor oil, when he loses.I was so happy and relieved when my son finally learned to play perfect tic-tac-toe that I bought a pair of these Rhodium plated tic tac toe cufflinks for his fifth birthday. We threw him a huge party with lots of his friends (and their parents) and he happily opened present after colorful present, until he got to mine. He unwrapped the comparatively little box, opened it, took one look at the tic-tac-toe pattern, and threw up. I guess my methods worked a little too well.P.S. Game theorists and tic-tac-toe enthusiasts will note that "X" is not playing a perfect game; no matter whose turn is next, "X" will lose. But you won't lose if you purchase a pair of these high-quality cuff links from the maker of inexpensive, solid, finely crafted cuff links, For the Cuff. <end>
 B000NSI8U8  Sterling Silver Diamond cut Dolphin Earring Pendant Jewelry Set ||	  WOW!!  What a great deal for a great product. So happy with how cute this set is. Perfect for mothers day!Shipped so fast...thanks! <end>
 B000NTAISC  Simulated Cameo and Simulated Pearl Accent Silvertone Metal Antique Finish 2-Piece Cameo Jewelry Set ||	  Beautiful Cameo set  This set is just beautiful and looks expensive. It's one of the best looking pieces of jewelry I own. The picture doesn't do the product justice. <end>  Great piece for any Cameo Lover!  This is the best Cameo I have found for sale in years. Very nice quility for a costome jewelery piece. Any lover of Cameo pieces this is a must have for Christmas! The blue color is just exqusite and the resign raises in just the right ways not flat like alot of other pieces that are out on the market now days. A true journey to the past with a hit of present. Nicely priced for a tight budget also! <end>  Beautiful!!!!!  This was purchased as a birthday gift for a Dear Friend..........absolutely gorgeous, and I highly recommend this jewelry company. Thanks! <end>  beautiful  it arrived quickly and was exactly right!it has a nice weight to it and looks like it costs more than i paid! <end>  quite ugly and looks very cheap  Ordered this item for my girlfriend. It arrived damaged- 1 pearl was missing. Also, it doesnt look good and i would not buy it even for $5 if i new it will look that cheap. <end>  Tons of Compliments!  My husband got me this set as a birthday gift. I must say, I am very impressed with how lovely this set is - especially for the price! This set is a great deal. I have gotten compliments on it each time I've worn it. Makes a perfect reasonably priced gift or a little something for yourself "just because!" <end>
 B000NTCKH4  Opal/Ruby Silver Ring ||	  SORRY  I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT THIS RING, IF IT`S PRICE HADN`T SPIKED FROM 70.00 TO 126.OO. IT`S ABUSIVE <end>
 B000NTI8ZC  10k Gold Round-Cut Diamond Ring (1/6 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Diamonds too small  The ring seemed to be of good enough quality, but the diamonds were too small to pair it with my engagement ring so we had to return it. The ring had plenty of sparkle, but due to the size of the stones, it seemed more like a glitter sparkle than a diamond sparkle. There wasn't any depth to it. <end>  Love it!  I wanted a little sparkle for my right hand and this is just perfect! I've received many compliments...a great item at a fantastic price! <end>  Don't waste your time on this Ring  IT'S NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE THEY SHOULD BE A SHAME OF THEM SELFS THIS PICTURES IS SO ENLARGED WHEN I OPENED THE BOX THE FIRST THING CAME OUT OF MY MINE IS ROSILAND THEY SAW YOU COMING I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE RINGS AND I DID'NT EVEN BOTHER TO OPEN UP THE OTHER RING I BOUGHT THEM TO STACK WITH MY OTHER RING YOU CAN'T EVEN SEE THE DIAMONDS IN THE RING. THAT'S JUST HOW SMALL THEY ARE DON'T DO IT. I OPEN THE RINGS IN MY CAR AND I WENT STRAGHT TO THE POST OFFICE.ROSILAND R. JOHNSON DALLAS, TEXAS <end>  Cheap ring that looks even cheaper  We received the ring yesterday, which we bought based on previous customer review, and were VERY DISAPPOINTED by the very cheap-looking ring. It looks like a $2 ring - diamonds are TINY, ring is flimsy and overall look is just a joke. We are returning it and have learned our lesson. <end>  You get what you pay for (  I ordered two of these rings to wear as stackers, but I should have known better than to expect quality at the price that I paid. The "diamonds" are so full of visible black inclusions that the rings look grey. <end>  Perfect Wedding Band!  After a my fiancee and I searched everywhere for a wedding band for me, I finally found this one on Amazon. It needs to be sized slightly, as I am a size 4 ring size, but it sparkles and matches perfect with my engagement ring. It is nice with the diamond, or it's great to wear by itself.I definitely recommend this ring! <end>  Not a good purchase!  I bought this ring because it looked like it would match my engagement ring perfectly judging by the picture.We got it in the mail and it was a cute ring, but looked NOTHING like the picture.The diamonds are not aligned, they are placed on crookedly, the metal is bent, curved, and has dips in it, and some of the prongs are sticking up.Like I said, cute ring, very sparkly, but very cheaply made. <end>  Very Nice!!!  This is an incredibly nice ring for the price, looks very expensive, and my wife loves it!!! <end>  Sad  I purchased this ring a week before my wedding Dec 11th for my wedding band and just this week a diamond already fell out. The ring is pretty and goes nice with my engagement ring, but looks funny with a diamond missing already. <end>  Great ring, great price!  My husband and I just purchased this ring as a replacement for my plain white gold wedding band. We were looking for something within our budget that still looked classy, and this is it! highly reccomended! I was thrilled when I took it out of the box! <end>  Beautiful!  My future father-in-law asked me to purchase this for his wife for their 50th wedding anniversary.This is a perfect addition to her wedding set! She loves it! <end>  Beautiful  The picture does not do it justice. This ring is beautiful, and true to size! It sparkles a lot more then the picture shows. <end>  Good  Bought this for a wedding band but was smaller than I wanted. But it seemed in grat condition and looked really nice. <end>  Slight disappointment  Of all the things we forgot to do before our wedding, we didnt ring shop, I guess we got caught up in everything else. So as with my entire life, I ordered our bands on Amazon, I was pleasantly surprised with how cute it was. About a month or so after our wedding, I noticed one of the stones had fallen out of the ring. I'm slightly disappointed in the quality, but if yourin a pinch and need something inexpensive to do the job, this ring will fir the bill. <end>
 B000NTI9S8  14k Gold Princess-Cut 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  This is a beautiful ring  This ring is exactly what I wanted. I love it, my husband was looking for one at a reasonable price. It is worthmuch more. <end>
 B000NTIEJC  Unique Styling 11.50 carats total weight Oval & Round Cut Garnet Gemstone Bracelet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Lovely Bracelet!  This is a very feminine and elegant bracelet. The stones sparkle and shine at every turn; the bracelet is very simple, but also has a more expensive look and feel to it as well. The garnets are man-made, but honestly, unless you are a jeweler I doubt you will notice. This is a great everyday bracelet to wear for fun or work. The clasp is well made and closes very securely. Although it can be a bit tricky to get this bracelet close by yourself.The stones are delicate looking and oval shaped with smaller round stones placed at 3 points in the bracelet.From a distance, this looks like the real thing, but all in all it is just a fun piece of jewelry on the classier side of costume jewelry. I have received many compliments on it and I highly recommend it --great Valentines Day gift too! <end>
 B000NTKBES  Bold and Beautiful 4.75 carats total weight Round Cut Amethyst & White CZ Gemstone Tennis Bracelet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful Jewelry, Awesome Company  Peora provides beautiful amethyst jewelry. Granted, these aren't the Hope diamond, but for the price, the jewelry is terrific.For the past few years, my daughter has had at least one new piece of jewelry from Peora on her Amazon wish list and has been lucky enough to receive seven of her requests. She has had no problems with any of her jewelry. They are still as nice as they were when she received them.The only time we have had to return items to this vendor was when my daughter's boyfriend bought her jewelry in the wrong size. Peora was very understanding, helpful, and replacement items were sent quickly. It is always a pleasure to do business with them.Highly recommended! <end>
 B000NTMIDU  Alluring Design 3.75 carats total weight Heart Shape Amethyst & White CZ Gemstone Bracelet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful!!  I just received the bracelet and am very impressed with the quality. You never know what you will get buying jewelry online but I took a chance and am very pleased with it. Its a gift for someone and I know they are going to love it! <end>
 B000NTSNMU  14k Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (0.05 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Just what she wanted.  I looks a little biger in the amazon pictures, therefore I was specticting a thiker ring. But my future wife loves it, that's all that matters to me.The quality is high! <end>  loved it  love the ring it just delivered, i loved it so much i just a to propose right away. she loved it too. highly recommanded <end>  Engagement Ring  The ring came into exactly the day it was supposed to come in. My soon to be fiance already knows it came in but she doesn't know when I will actually pop the big question. I love the ring and I know she will love it as much as I do.14k Yellow Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (.05 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 7 <end>  Princess Engagement Ring  I love this ring. It represents my engagement to a man who happens to be a man of my dreams from early childhood. He is travelling in another country right now and has a better ring for me when he returns home but this one will always be special to me. <end>  Not bad  Its not bad but it appears a little thicker in the image so i was a little surprised at its width/thickness. I haven't proposed yet though so lets see how it goes ;-) <end>  Lovely little ring  This ring looks bigger in the picture than it really is. I bought it as an addition to my diamond ring. It is a lovely little ring that enhances my diamond.I would consider getting another too for the value. I say it was a bargain. <end>
 B000NTSTAG  14k Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/6 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Love it....  I put the ring in my cart as a.. I wish I could get this... Later I placed a cheap CZ ring in my cart. I placed the order and realized in my horror that the &#34;Your order has been shipped&#34; included this ring that I did not delete. When I received it I fell in love with it. Although the diamond is small which is very clear what size it is in the description..it is still beautiful. It is elegantly simple. I have never had a &#34;real diamond&#34; before and after 30 years of marriage my husband saw how much I loved it- he wouldn't let me return it. One word of caution- the prongs are very sharp- use caution around babies. They seem to be smoothing after 3 months. Buy it and ENJOY!!! <end>  Best bargain for the price  This ring is worh every penny. Looking very good and shines bright. You can't complain anything about it size or color.I love this. <end>  For the money an excellent decision  With a very limited budget this ring is an excellent choice. The princess cut is brilliant and the setting stands off the ring to make it the focal point. <end>
 B000NTV32C  IGI Certified 14k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Solitaire Engagement Ring (3/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Nice diamond ring at reasonable price  Wanted a princess cut ring for a long time, finally find this one here. Although it is not in high grade, but price is very reasonable. <end>
 B000NTVD40  14k Gold 7-Stone Shared-Prong Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  BEWARE!  This is a beautiful ring - an anniversary present for me 2 months ago. Unfortunately one of the diamonds came out after only owning it for 2 months. I contacted Amazon and there is nothing they will do for me b/c it is past 30 days. I was very disappointed that they wouldn't back this product. Now I have to pay for repairs on my own. <end>  A very pretty ring!  I was concerned about buying this from Amazon, but was nicely surprised! A wonderful ring for the price - diamonds are sparkly and just right for an accent piece next to a solitare or wedding ring...or even alone! Guys get this for your gal...Ladies buy it for yourself! It is a sweet little piece - happy birthday to me!   ) <end>  Beautiful ring!  I checked around jewelry stores for prices and I couldn't find any rings that could even compare to this! It is not a huge ring but it is definitely not microscopic either. I bought this ring to go along with my solitaire engagement ring and it makes a perfect replacement to a plain wedding band. I am really glad that I decided to go with this ring, even though I was kind of nervous ordering a ring online. <end>  Simply Beautiful!  Lovely ring...wear it in place of my wedding set...very sparkly! It has a simple elegance & is quite comfortable...highly reccommend treating yourself to this little beauty!!Amazon stands behind thier products, feel safe in purchasing this piece of jewelry. <end>  Lovely  This is a very nice, simple, clean ring. Took about a week to get it, but I'm very pleased! The price is awesome, and well worth it! <end>  surprised and happy!  Received this ring this week and I love it. It's not very wide, but the diamonds are beautiful and sparkle like crazy. It looks great with my wedding set and on my right hand alone. I'm very pleased with this purchase. <end>  Pleasently suprised  I received this ring on Oct. 9th, I have not taken it off except for showering and putting on lotion. I love the way the diamonds sparkle. I am very happy with my purchase I would tell anyone that asked if they wanted itto order it. They would also be happy. <end>  Wow!! This ring is really Beautiful and worth every penny!  This ring is so beautiful, just purchased it, Recieved it overnight as promised!It is a beautiful shining compliment to my engagement ring. Not too big or gaudy, just perfectly dainty, while maintaining it's obvious couture.The fit is perfect as ordered.I would highly reccomend this product to anyone! <end>  Pretty ring with nice sized stones  Very dazzling and elegant. The clarity is nearly identical to the $2500 diamonds in the wedding band I just got ) Its not too dainty on its own.I also ordered this ring because the price was great for what I'd wanted. I am pairing this with a new diamond band with three princess cut center stones with several stones on the side/encompassing them. One thing, the stones on this band don't quite line up with the wedding band but they do look great together. Shipping was pretty quick! I do wish that Amazon sold jewelry insurance.. <end>  Great Ring-especially for the price  This was an anniversary gift for my wife and she was very pleased with the appearance and clarity. She has been wearing it for three months and she still remarks about the overall appearance. The stones reflect a lot of light and appear to sparkle more than some of her more expensive diamonds. Overall we were very pleased with the quality of this ring and it was priced well for this quality. <end>  Is this real?  The ring itself its pretty. However it came with a tag around the ring that read "Made in China".... I cannot see the marking that says how many K the gold is and the diamonds look weird.I have to take it to the jewelry store and get it evaluated, because I am not going to be happy until I am sure this is the real thing. Obviously once I know I will make a different review. For now, I feel robbed to be super honest.If it turns out to be a scam I will let you know and return it, if it is the real thing I will re post.Please do not put "made in china" tags around expensive rings... if we wanted that we would buy them at k-mart. <end>  Great sparkle for a great price  I was looking for a wedding band that could match my solitaire J-color round diamond engagement ring. I read the other reviews and liked the style. It is so beautiful and really sparkles. It matches my engagement ring perfectly. I can't wait to wear it everyday. The price was what sold me as was the fact the diamonds don't go all the way around. The 7 diamonds are just enough to add that wow factor. <end>  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT  My husband bought me this as a birthday/valentine's gift as a second wedding band and it is beautiful! Compliments my engagement ring and original wedding band (both from a jeweler and MUCH more expensive). I wish I could take a picture of how great they all look together. I definately am more than happy with this gift! <end>  Don't bother  The diamonds were badly included and had little to no sparkle - great price - shoddy product. <end>
 B000NTX2EE  Damali .925 Sterling Silver Anklets March Aquamarine Swarovski Crystal Ankle Bracelets ||	  Damali .925 Silver Anklets  Don't know what I would have done without Amazon this year for my Christmas shopping. My daughter loved the ankle bracelet and it arrived right on time. <end>
 B000NTY950  IGI Certified 14k White Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Solitaire Engagement Ring (1 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Exceeded expectations!  I was afraid that ordering a diamond online would be a bad experience. It was not. The ring is beautiful, my fiancee loves it, and it's going to look good on her finger for decades to come.THANK YOU! <end>
 B000NUPS68  Sterling Silver Marquise Blue Topaz Gemstone Rhodium Plated Butterfly Animal Charm 1 Long Pendant ||	  Excellent Quality  The pendant was beautiful and well made, not at all flimsy. I believe that my girlfriend well be able to enjoy this gift for the rest of her life. <end>
 B000NUXUR2  Sterling Silver CZ Round Leverback Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  these are very pretty and look beautiful on. I love them, except that they do tarnish! But they are easy to clean ! <end>
 B000NUYU6M  Southwestern Style Oval Bear Paw Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, Size 8, #10517 ||	  Bear Claw Ring  I purchased this ring for my wife and she loves it. It looks great on her. Delivery was very prompt and it was well packaged and protected. Top marks on this order. <end>  Beautiful  This ring was a gift for my daughter. I like the look and the way it is made. She really likes it. <end>
 B000NVBOT2  14k White Gold 7-Stone Diamond Ring (3/4 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  Very nice!  I got a great (however I paid a fraction of the current listed price i think because there is a small flaw on the underside of the setting which nobody sees & I can't feel) deal on this ring. It pays to frequent Amazon! Diamond quality as stated, solid ring. I do wish amazon sold more half sizes. Thanks Amazon! <end>
 B000NVMM7K  Sterling Silver Round Shaped Garnet Gemstone Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Dolphin Ring Size 9.5 ||	  cute but...  Ring was cute and my daughter loved it but for being silver the metal became dull rather quickly and did not clean with silver cloth like other silver rings I have. Almost like a coating that is rubbing off. <end>  Beautiful Ring!!!  This ring was simply beautiful. I bought it for my mother and she simply adored it. The way that it looked on her finger made her almost cry with joy. It was exactly how it is pictured in the product image. I would recommend this for any woman of any color, shape, size, age. <end>  Such a beauty!!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous!! I love the size of the stone, the dolphin it's thinner than the one in the picture...but it's a good size and I think it looks even better like that!! and of course, it shines a whole lot =] I'm super happy with my purchase ( BUY IT)..Seller is great!! I got the ring in 4 days. <end>  Adorable  This ring is absolutely adorable. My daughter loves dolphins and her birthstone is garnet so this was a real treat to run across. The ring is beautiful and the stone is actually bigger than I thought it would be. We are thrilled and would recommend it for any young lady. <end>
 B000NVRZ5E  Sterling Silver Genuine Blue Topaz Round Bali Bead Lever Back LeverBack Earrings ||	  Great Look for all occasions!  The package came and I was impressed with how the earrings were packaged and how quickly they arrived. The earrings are delicate and can be worn with anything. The color of the stones are a pale blue and are a great compilment to the sterling silver. They are a nice length and very comfortable. <end>
 B000NVWD2Y  Gemstone 9MM Fresh water Pearl Silver Stud Earrings ||	  Good Item  The item was very beautiful just as shown in the picture. I bought this as a gift; it was recieved well. Shipping and handling costs were a bit high for this product. The product arrived on time. <end>
 B000NVWR3E  Child's Heart Locket with Pink Enamel Flower in Sterling Silver ||	  Very nice  My husband bought this locket for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it. It is very good quality and the perfect length for a 7 year old. <end>
 B000NVXFTY  18K Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Filigree Teardrop Leverback Earrings ||	  Very nice for the price  First off, these are not costly, fine jewelry. They are what I guess you would call "fashion" jewelry. That said, they're very nicely made. The wire is nice and smooth and the leverback didn't feel wobbly or insecure (I have a pair of good pearl earrings made up by a jeweler that I have to be very careful about seating the wire into the leverback properly so this pair was a pleasant surprise). They look very pretty. Up close you can tell that they're not terribly expensive but from a distance, as earrings are mostly seen, they are quite lovely. I was very glad to find something this nice for the price as they were a gift for an elderly relative in an assisted living facility. She has lost several earrings with less than wonderful catches, all much more expensive than these. Hence the leverbacks. She's been wearing them non-stop since I gave them to her at Christmas and they do not seem to irritate her ears or bend from being slept in, etc. I'm thoroughly pleased with this purchase and would buy from this company again. <end>  Leverback CZ earrings  What an excellent earring for the price! Color,construction, stone and size are all perfect.Just the thing when everything costs severaltime its worth. <end>
 B000NW0974  14k Yellow Gold Faceted Rutilated Quartz Necklace, 16" ||	  Very pretty  I bought this for my wife for her birthday, and it was a big hit.The picture really doesn't do it justice -- the gold-colored strands that run through the quartz are absolutely lovely, and make for a very eye-catching piece. The stone is attached to the chain with a thin wire that runs through the top of the crystal -- subtle and not distracting.Depending on your preferences, you might want a longer chain, but so far the 16" one has worked fine for us. <end>  Disappointed  This necklace is not worth the time or money. I lifted the necklace out of the box and the chain broke immediately. It is hard to appreciate a necklace if you never get to wear it. I wanted to give it no stars but you have to click a star to write a review. <end>
 B000NW23NW  10k Yellow Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/4 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 8 ||	  .  excelente producto de calidad recomendando como lo estaba buscando excelente servicio de envio a miami y recibido a tiempo estimado <end>  SHE LOVED IT!  Yes, although it may be a small ring, it's a classic. Solitaire diamonds on a round setting, are things we USED to see in movies. LOL. Needless, to say she loved the ring. So, it was worth it. Last minute deal, but worth every penny. <end>
 B000NW23ZU  14k Yellow Gold Simulated White Pearl Ball Necklace ||	  Very pretty item. Unique.  The simulated pearl is larger than expected, in the 12-14mm range -- definitely a "notice me" size. The gold chain glistens, and the bale of the pearl is fixed to the chain. I purchased this at a very good price during the summer jewelry sale. The suggested price is outrageous for a simulated pearl, and the regular discounted price is likewise a bit high, imo. <end>
 B000NW35M0  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet Heart LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  cute  They are really cute earrings but smaller than what I expected and the red is much darker in person. <end>  Smaller than anticipated, but very nice fo the price  The garnets were a little smaller than the photo with ruler would lead you to believe, but that is my only complaint. For the price, they are very well-made and the materials are good (don't turn your ears green or anything). <end>  love them  I just received these in the mail this morning. They look just as they do in the pic, I feel they are a nice size for everyday wear, seem to be good quality and are comfortable when wearing them. Good price for a pair of sterling silver leverbacks with genuine stones. I will definately purchase more jewelry from this company. <end>
 B000NW4E4I  14k White Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/6 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Not Great, would not recomend!  I purchased the ring just days before christmas and just in time too. With weeks of studying I was sure this would have been the best choice but I was ashamed to give the ring to my fiance because it was so poor of quality. Her father is a jewlery desiner and appraised the ring for me. I def. didnt like the feedback I got from him. I have rated this item a 3 because I should have known better then to order a Diamond ring online. Good luck to all! <end>
 B000NW4HCC  10k Yellow Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/4 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  .  excelente producto de calidad recomendando como lo estaba buscando excelente servicio de envio a miami y recibido a tiempo estimado <end>  SHE LOVED IT!  Yes, although it may be a small ring, it's a classic. Solitaire diamonds on a round setting, are things we USED to see in movies. LOL. Needless, to say she loved the ring. So, it was worth it. Last minute deal, but worth every penny. <end>
 B000NW5I9I  14k Yellow Gold Citrine Briolette Drop Necklace ||	  Less than perfect  Very pretty necklace, but the chain was faulty on our original delivery and it broke when removing it from the box. Exchanged the product for one with large flaws in the stone. Tried to exchange again and was told to return the product for a refund. A pity. If the first one had a better chain this would get higher marks from us. <end>
 B000NW82CI  Element Jewelry Sunshine Polishing Cloth- 5" x 8" Double-Sided ||	  Great cleaner  I love this jewelry cleaner. It serves as a buffer to get fine marks out of solid gold jewelry and quickly removes tarnish from sterling silver jewelry. The only warning note I'd give is to use gloves when using it to avoid getting grey residue on your hands/fingers. <end>  Best polishing cloth  These are the best to care for your silver jewelry. My brother is a silversmith, and these are all he will use. <end>  The Best  Another reviewer said her relative who is a professional jeweler only uses this cloth on silver. That's why I tried it and does an awesome cleaning job without a lot of effort. I bought an inexpensive diamond "chips" ring set in sterling. It has a floral detail in the design with a lot of tweeny weeny crevices. The oxidation in the setting took away from the beauty of the diamond chips. I cleaned it with this cloth and the ring looks much better than when I purchased it. The ring sparkles now. It completely cleaned in all those crevices and tiny bead settings. The cloth even continues to clean when it is "dirty". I getting ready to purchase some more. <end>  Pros and Cons  I have only used this cloth to clean my silver jewelry (mostly necklaces and pendants).Pro -cleans better than the baking soda/hot water method. Actually made my jewelry SHINE instead of just appearing silver-white.Cons -Residue from the cloth gets on the hands (I'm not talking about tarnish). I assume the feeling is from whatever they treated the cloth to make it take off tarnish. But still, I feel the need to wash my hands with ample soap after every cleaning.-Polishing the detailing and crevices on pendants requires dedication and dexterity. Small fingers or creative use of fingernails also help.-doesn't clean delicate chains as well as I like, since the method I use is by pulling my silver chains against the cloth. Just feels like I'll break the chain if I pull too hard. However, box chains and snake chains can definitely survived this method of cleaning.Other -While the cloth is effective in getting rid of tarnish, out of curiosity, I tested it with new silver chains that I had just bought. The same black streaks showed up on the cloth, as if the chains were tarnished. The only explanation I have is that the cloth is taking off invisible tarnish or dirt and not just randomly reacting to the silver... This experiment shows that the cloth can't be your indicator that you've polished off all the tarnish. The only gauge for that is your eyes. <end>  Only good for some metals  I bought this cloth to polish my gold up. It actually made my gold look dull. It did however make a silver necklace my boyfriend had look BRAND new. And his silver earrings too. I just wouldn't recommend it for gold. <end>  Does a spectacular job  This polishing cloth is awesome. I used it on a David Yurman bracelet, and the bracelet looks brand new without removing any of the oxidation. I would agree with the others that it would be best if you wear gloves especially if the items you are cleaning are very tarnished. Excellent purchase. <end>  Remarkable *Polishing* Cloth!  The SUNSHINE POLISHING CLOTH is fantastic! I bought it because I purchased some silver jewelry that suggests using a polishing cloth rather than a liquid or wax silver cleaner and this little cloth really cleans.I used the cloth on a pair of silver bangle bracelets that had tarnished while in storage, you know just to test it out, and as soon as I started gently rubbing the tarnish came off and the silver was sparkling like new. I was amazed that this could be done without some form of detergent or silver polishing cream.The SUNSHINE CLOTH comes in a cardboard holder that looks like an envelop, to store when not in use. There are no instructions but all you have to do is rub with the dry cloth and the tarnish gets wiped away.I don't think that the cloth can be washed once it becomes really dirty but it looks like that will take many, many cleanings for that to happen. I'm glad I found these! <end>  Nice size, works great!  This is a nice size cleaning cloth good for big or small items. Works great. I like that it's in a folder for storage, you can easily just throw it into a drawer when not using. <end>  It's Like Magic!  I was skeptical about this taking the tarnish off my silver, thinking how can a simple cloth take off what seemed to look permanent, without damaging it? But I'm VERY impressed with it and how quickly it came off and made my silver look brand new! I took pictures and sent them to my sister who had seen the tarnish a few days before. She was amazed that it was the same piece of jewelry. I couldn't be happier with this product AND the price for that matter! For the miracle it seemed to work on my silver I would have thought I had to pay an arm or a leg for. I would recommend this to everyone that has any tarnished silver, you will be amazed!The only downside to this is it didn't work on my necklace like it did on my rings. It took some of the tarnish off, but after a day of wearing it, I had a little green tint around my neck again. Nonetheless, I will be buying more of these cloths! <end>  Great Cloth  This cloth works great. I use this on a braclet that is made of silver, copper and gold and it polishes all three beautifully. <end>  Works well, good size  This polished up very well my silver jewelry. Black tarnish would show up on all of the rings that I rubbed this against and made them new looking. <end>  Great Product  I used this product right away when I received it as I had a lot of dirty jewelry that needed polishing. It works great but it dirtys quickly with a lot of use. <end>  Polishing  I bought a polishing cloth exactly like this one few years ago from a jeweler, I've been looking for a new one for a while. So happy I found it on Amazon! It really works, the results are great with no effort at all! <end>  Great Polishing Cloth  I bought this cloth to polish my 200 pairs of earrings. It cleaned them all right up, and I only had to use 1 side to do it (I can save the cloth and use the other side for next time). Made a mess on my fingers, but soap and water took care of that. <end>  There are better ones  Due to its small size, the cloth is relatively good at cleaning a few small items, i.e. spoons and the like. Ok for lightly tarnished small items when done with lots of rubbing. Yet, it very quickly absorbs the tarnish and is not longer effective. (And, yes, the tarnish does get on your hands.) I suggest spending a bit more and getting a larger size. Regardless of product claims, once these cloths gets 'goopy', give 'em up. <end>  Suprisingly small  We just received the silver polishing cloth. It arrived promptly from the vendor. I was shocked, however, when we opened the mailing box and found a cloth not much bigger than a postage stamp. Also, no instructions came with the product, so we don't know if we can wash the cloth or not, to remove the dirt the cloth picked up. (It did clean our silver jewelery very well.)Would I recommend it? Probably, but I sure wish that a) It was a little bigger so that it was easier to handle, and b) there were product care instructions. <end>  Average  Gets the silver clean with elbow greese and your hands black. I tried wearing gloves but they made my hands sweaty and uncomfortable. I probably would try another product next time. <end>  Polishes well but a little "dusty"  I purchased this cloth primarily to clean my silver jewelry. It does a good job of removing oxidation marks but the infused cleaning properties seem to come off on my hands a little. Still glad I purchased. <end>  Cleans Your Jewelry Well  I've never purchased a jewelry cloth before. I have only used the liquid jewelry cleaner.This jewelry cloth works well, it is effective, the only thing I don't like is that the cloth gets dirty easily and quickly, so what do you do with it when the whole cloth is black, will it still clean your jewelry?If then it wouldn't clean it. Iam not sure if it's washable. I would doubt it is, because then I would think it would wash out whatever they use to clean your jewelry.If not, you will need to replace the cloth fairly quickly, even if you use both sides of the cloth, which I do.The price isn't bad for what it is, but I would like to find something to clean my jewelry that has a longer cleaning life. <end>  Just the best.  After years of only wearing gold jewelry I have gone back to silver. I forgotthat you have clean silver. Did my research, and these are the best for cleaning silver jewelry. Fast and Easy. This is the product most jewelry makers use. If you wear silver, you need to have a few on hand. <end>  Does the job!  This polishing cloth is actually 5x7 and not 5x8 as stated in the description. It doesn't really make that much of a difference.....All in all, the cloth did a great job cleaning a 10k gold ring I had. It is now sparkly and looks new. It is really easy to use....a no brainer. Just rub the ring or whatever across the cloth and wallah! Just be aware that your fingers will get black when you do this. I would buy another if I needed to. <end>  Works great!  Great price, great product. Polishes and cleans silver and gold, which is awesome! I even used it on my husband's wedding band and it just about looks brand new. <end>  Element jewelry sunshine polishing cloth  Element jewelry sunshine polishing cloth is a gentle method to clean any jewelry; just gently rub the item; tarnish comes off easily onto the cloth. For stubborn stains you may have to repeat rubbing. <end>  Works  Purchased this along with a few other items to clean/polish the antique engagement ring (14k gold) I had purchased for my fiance. This worked excellently in polish and removing the fine scratches and swirls. Also used on some white gold and stainless steel jewelry, works perfectly. <end>  Awesome!!  This cloth is magic!! I restore old clarinets. This cloth removes tarnish and returns the keys to a high shine. We have also used it on silver plated marching instruments. It's incredible! Oh yea...it cleans jewelry too. <end>  great quality  Polishes beautifully = only issue is residue will stay on your fingers =but small price to pay - this is a high quality item. <end>  Polishes Brilliantly  These did a wonderful job in polishing my 14k white gold ring. It also safely removed the tiny scratches that were present on my ring and brought it back to its lustrous shine. I also tried it on my sterling silver rings, which it removed the tarnish and brought them back to its original shine. <end>  Works great  This polishing cloth works great. I use it on all my silver jewelry and makes everything really shiney. Fast delivery and good price. <end>  Excellent Value  My 14k gold bracelet was looking a little dull. I have polished it in the past using my Dremel tool/polishing wheel and jeweler's rouge which did an excellent job. This cloth works almost as well for restoring a mirror like shine. For all but scratches this cloth does a fine job of restoring the luster. Note  I've only used this cloth on a 14k gold curb link bracelet. <end>  terrible product  I (Gina, Dave's wife) purchased this back in June 2010 and finally got around to using it at the end of last year (threw my old cloth away). It cleans silver jewelry veryy well. However, after wearing the earrings that I cleaned with this cloth, my ear holes had a gray tarnish stain on them - consistently! At first I thought it was the earring, but after this happened with every earring that I cleaned, I figured out it was the cloth. This had never happened with previous cloths I had used. I tried to return this but obviously the return policy does not allow me to since too much time has passed. So, I thought I'd post this review to let you all know not to buy this cloth. <end>  Good product  This product polished my daughters engagement pretty well. She will still need to go to a jewelry store to get a thorough cleaning, but this is okay, on white gold, between cleanings. <end>  Gift  Bought it as a gift. Shipped it fast even at the holiday. Couldn't beat the price. My mom loves it. <end>  silver cleaning cloth  Its only a cloth, it cleaned my silver buckle well, now I need to see if I could wash the cloth and have it still work <end>  Fantastic  I clean my engagement and wedding rings about once a week, and I was SHOCKED at all the crud that came off when I used this. My rings haven't looked so clean and shiny since my husband proposed. Also, it seems to have buffed out a few of the smaller scratches. Love this, would definitely buy again. <end>  Nice Shine  I have had this cloth for about 10 weeks now and have used it several times on my Sterling Silver ring. The ring was terribly tarnished, pitted, and scratched before I used the cloth. When I polished the ring using the cloth many of marks and scratches were removed or softened depending on how deep they were. Don't expect it to work miracles though, because the pits are still there and would require a jeweler's skill to remove. When I finished the polishing the ring shown more than I have seen it shin in many years, but I find that the shine only lasts until I touch the silver. I don't know if this is only because of the oils on my fingers or if I am using the cloth wrong or maybe there is a better product out there, but it is a little frustrating since the ring shines so nicely after a polishing. I would like the ring to continue shining while I'm wearing the ring, at least for a little while. So, I would say it is nice if all you want to do is have the ring sit on display and be polished every so often. <end>  works great, no problems  This works great. I didn't have any problems with it and I needed it to shine up my silver jewelry. <end>  The Sunshine cloth  I really like the Sunshine cloth because you can see all the dirt that is coming off what you are cleaning. I use it on my clarinet, and literally, after one use, it goes from old to new! The package didn't have any information about what to do when the cloth is completely dirty and black. The main thing I DO NOT like about this product is that you cannot wash it and have the ability to use it again. Once is once. <end>
 B000NW87QO  10k White Gold Marquise Solitaire Diamond Ring (3/4 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Solitare Diamond Ring  I was a little nervous buying this ring because of the clarity levels. When I received the ring in the mail it was beautiful! The color was great and so is the clarity for price! I am very happy that I purchased this ring and get compliments on it all the time. <end>  Very Yellow  Well, I was really excited about this ring, but when it came in, it was so yellow that I think all the color drained from my face when I saw it. I really tried to like it, but couldn't get past the yellow. Other then the color, which it does say is low, it was a beautiful ring. Just not for me. <end>
 B000NWMK30  Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot Stone Emerald cut LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Pretty Peridots  These peridots are a really nice green and match a ring I have. I love this style with the lever clasp I know they will stay on. These are definitely one of my favorite pair of earings. <end>
 B000NWP7A8  18K Gold over Sterling Silver 5.5 CT. TGW Blue Topaz Rectangle Leverback Drop Earrings ||	  great earrings for the price  I was pleased with the earrings. For the price, it was a good buy. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I've bought the earring to my mom and she is absolutely satisfied with the purchase. They look beautiful , they aren't too small, the blue topaz looks great, it's sparkling. I would recommend to buy the earrings. <end>  cute  very nice and a year later still looks new...they look a little cheaper than i thought they would, but i get alot of compliments on them still and for the price it's a good deal...they're a little lighter than a london blue topaz, but still compliments my london blue topaz david yurman ring well. <end>
 B000NWTQM8  Sterling Silver Heart Ring, Size 8 ||	  Silver Heart Ring  This ring is lovely. It is a very good size, with very shiny silver.I am delighted with the purchase. <end>
 B000NWVT3M  Sterling Silver Ocean Aventurine Flower Ring, Size 8 ||	  Needs quality control.  I got this ring when it was on sale, so I'm keeping it, but if I had paid full price for it I definitely would not be happy.The first ring I received was very pretty, the stone was a nice color and carved as pictured. Unfortunately, it fell out of the setting two days later, even though the setting wasn't broken. I couldn't get it to stay back in, so I got an exchange. Amazon paid for shipping both ways, which was very nice of them.The replacement ring I got, the stone wasn't nearly as nice. The carving of the flower was not well done, it looks cheap, and the stone's color wasn't as vivid either.If the original ring I received hadn't fallen apart I'd probably give it 4 or 5 stars.I guess how happy you are with it depends on the particular ring you get. <end>  Gorgeous and eye catching  I picked this up for myself on a whim, it just looks so dreamy. And it is. It's not the usual sparkly flash, but the gorgeous pale blue ocean coloring is stunning. I've had so many compliments, it's dainty but sized on the dramatic side. Love it. For the price you can't go wrong. <end>  beautiful ring  Sterling Silver Ocean Aventurine Flower RingI love this ring. I was pleased with its simple beauty. It is sturdy. I am not gentle with rings. This has lasted through my routine days washing, lifting, etc. I get lots of complements on it. I have a ring mandrel. It is true to size. <end>  far nicer than expected  the previous review said it right when she said it was "dainty and dramatic." The color is beautiful, exactly what I hoped it would be.Also, I've read that Adventurine is considered to have healing properties,and some call it a "Healer of the Heart and the Soul." (if you believe in such things;) Can't hurt, right? <end>
 B000NWVT50  Sterling Silver Heart Ring, Size 7 ||	  Silver Heart Ring  This ring is lovely. It is a very good size, with very shiny silver.I am delighted with the purchase. <end>
 B000NWVX24  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality Round 7-7.5mm Akoya SaltWater cultured Black Pearl Earrings with 14K Yellow Gold Mount ||	  BETTER THAN ADVERTISED  My wife has always loved jewelry of almost every kind, as long as it is simple, non-ornate or non-gaudy, beautiful and, well, again----simple and lovely. These pearl earrings certainly fit the bill. These were a Christmas present and a giant hit--just beautiful and, here at near the end of January, she has not yet taken them off for anything. These are a great buy for the dollars requested and after comparison shopping seem truly a bargain. So-----simple......pretty......inexpensive.......happy wife.......all together-----priceless!!!!!! <end>  Wife loves them, very nice, great matched pair.  What can I say - they're everything the description says. They are beautiful and were well matched. Mounts are nice and solid. Excellent general wear size. <end>
 B000NWXEW6  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality Round 6-6.5mm Akoya SaltWater cultured Black Pearl Earrings with 18K White Gold Mount ||	  Bought them for a girl friendl, she love them  It was a gift for girl friend on her birthday. Since I know she likes black, I thought why not black pearl earings. She love them, and since then are her favorites. <end>
 B000NWZGLI  Sterling Silver Flower Ring, Size 7 ||	  Love it!  This is a beautiful ring. Very comfortable to wear and striking. It's substantial and not at all flimsy. <end>
 B000NZT8TQ  14k White Gold Blue Topaz and Diamond Fleur-de-lis Pendant, 18" ||	  Don't Buy This ! ! !  14k White Gold Blue Topaz Fleur De Lis PendantWriting that I'm Disappointed is being polite! For the price and the discount gave its not worth it. If I saw it in the store I would of expected it to be $59.99 and waited for a sale!The pendant arrived today and it's hanging upside down on the chain, I could change it but it would still look cheap. the velveteen bag feels like cardboard with a cheap gift box. If it had a inexpensive hinged jewelry gift box it would make a world of difference. My fault concerning this I didn't check out the specs on that.The color is significantly lighter than the picture. The diamond chips look nothing like the picture either. The chain is what I expected, very fine and delicate.The Fleur De Lis design is well know. However the larger curves with the diamonds are not as rounded and open as the one in the picture it looks like a cactus in the desert. The smaller part of the Fleur De Lis are tiny and barely large enough to curve.Bottom line - Craftsmanship Is Shoddy. Big disappointment and I'm returning it. I will have to give my daughter an IOU for her birthday. Don't get this if you want to make an impression. Looks like it came out of the quarter machine in the grocery store.14k White Gold Blue Topaz Fleur De Lis Pendant <end>  I Bought It For My Birthday  I bought this for myself as a birthday present, and I absolutely love it.I think it is exactly as described and it looks wonderful. The blue topaz and white gold setting complement each other beautifully.The only downside was that the chain was a bit too delicate and too short for my tastes, so I put it on another one that is perfect for it. This is a personal preference though. There was nothing at all wrong with the chain it came on.Incidentally the review that says it came upside down on the chain may be accurate, but it takes all of 3 seconds to take the chain off, turn the fleur-de-lis around and put it on the chain right side up. That's not an issue at all. And mine came right side up. <end>  very pretty, but a little small  I just love this necklace and wear it almost everyday, I just wish it was a little bigger (not much, just a little) The chain is very light, but that is to be expected, as you are really buying the pendant. I am very pleased with it for the most part and will probably buy the matching earrings as well <end>
 B000NZV9H0  XPY 14k Yellow Gold Black and White Diamond Bee Pendant (.05 cttw, J Color, I2 Clarity), 18" ||	  Bee pendannt  The pendant was darling, but the clasp on the chain was too small and I kept losing the chain.I had to purchase a new chain. Disappointing, and time consuming. But the bee is cute! <end>  Great charm; unimpressive chain  My husband bought this for me as an anniversary present. He calls me "bee" so this was perfect. The charm is small but attractive, any bigger and I think it would be too much. The chain however is very thin, I am often afraid it is going to break. THis is something I wear everyday. <end>  Bees Knees  The pendant turned out to be smaller than I anticipated. Reviews stated the chain was cheap and suggested swapping. They were correct. <end>  need a magnify glass to see it  ordered this for my mother in law's 100th birthday.what a disappointment.so small you need a magnify glass to see it.the chain is a fine very delicate chain which will knot easily.i don't see it holding up.very disappointed. <end>
 B000NZV9IY  XPY 14k Yellow Gold Created Pink Sapphire with Diamond-Accent Flamingo Pendant ||	  The perfect flamingo pendant  The pink flamingo pendant is of a very high quality. The facets of the pink sapphire along with the diamond insets allow the flamingo to sparkle when in the light. I am very satisfied with the pendant and the speed in which I received it! <end>  pretty in pink  I saw this exact pendant at a local jewelry store and thought it was adorable. I began searching for it or a very similar piece online as a gift for my mother. She loves flamingos, and this pendant was the perfect birthday gift for her. Once I found the same item from the store here at Amazon.com, I ordered it immediately. The pendant is beautiful. The diamonds accenting the breast/neck of the flamingo are not too small and have great sparkle. The created pink sapphire has a very nice cut and shape, but it is a bit lighter in color than the one I saw at the store. I would have liked a deeper color to the main stone, however the overall presentation is so very pretty. I am very pleased with the purchase. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  I LOVE THIS FLAMINGO. I'VE GOTTEN SO MANY COMMENTS ON IT. I COLLECT FLAMINGOS AND IT IS SO ME. I AM SO HAPPY TO INCLUDE IT TO MY COLLECTION. <end>  Love this item...  Bought this item for MOM for Christmas. I love the Pink Flamingo, and it was my grandparents favorite bird. Mom appreciates our love and the the bird. <end>  Nice But Broke  As mentioned by others, my wife saw this exact item in a large jewelery retail store and fell in love. However, before we could get back to actually buy it, they stopped carrying the item and she was quite disappointed. So, I was thoroughly thrilled to find it here at Amazon and ordered one up for Christmas. As expected, she was thrilled and loved it, right up to the point when the stone fell out of the setting. Amazon will not send a replacement so I guess I'll have to return it and see about finding a replacement ..... <end>  Wonderful  A nicely priced gift that has eyeball appeal. Bought it for my wife and she loved it. <end>
 B000NZV9LQ  14k Yellow Gold Journey Mother's Day Diamond Journey Pendant (1/8 cttw, J Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  Great Gift  I ordered this product for my mom for her Birthday. Her and I have been having a rough year family wise and I really wanted to bring all our pain and strength together through this necklace. It's beautifully crafted and really shows the sparkle and journey of our lives. The price was not that bad for the quality and design of the piece. I would recommend this to anyone with a wonderful mother! <end>  very satisfied  The product looks like the picture, no surprises there. I am very satisfied with the quality, however the chain is so thin that you might consider to replace it with a stronger one. <end>
 B000NZWTZ6  Love, Mother, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet ||	  very nice  My mother adored this little sentiment, beautiful and elegant. A definent buy, I am very very happy with the product <end>  Arrived on time and was a perfect gift  I got this gift for my mom for Christmas because she is a jewelry freak. The one thing she does not wear much of is, bracelets. I bought her this charm bracelet and when she opened it yesterday she absolutley loved it! Now the problem is, her getting it on and off by herself. Haha... overall great product, it shipped and arrived extremely early and my mom is enjoying it. Thank you. <end>  Too Small,cute  Its Cute But Small took 3 day to get here cute package it was a gift for christmas to my mom <end>  cute  Cute, I sent this to mom for Christmas. My mom loved this! It serve its purpose. Nice mother's day gift. <end>  Don't buy this  So I bought this for my mother for Christmas thinking it would be the perfect stocking stuffer but I was wrong it looks cheap I know for the price what could I expect. It left my hands smelling like metal. I am very disappointed and I wont be buying any of this bracelets any more  ( <end>  My Step Mom loved it!  I've never seen this gift actually on my step mother, but she did say it was absolutely beautiful. She cried when she got it. The meaning of the bracelet is beautiful! <end>  So much more!!!  This product was at such a great price I never thought the quality would be so exceptional. It is beautiful. This mother will love it on Christmas morning when she opens gift and it looks as though I spent much more, but pricing was just great!! <end>  Came exactly as pictured  I ordered this product for my mother for Christmas and it just came today. It came exactly as pictured, Although the bracelet is small, I don't mind cause I know my mom is only going to use it for decoration. So if you actually plan on having your mom wear this, I suggest another item but other than that, this is a good gift and I know my mom is going to love it. <end>  Super Cute  I have bought this brand of bracelet a few times. Every single one is super cute, made very well, does not tarnish and meaningful depending on which one you buy and who you give it to. <end>  can anyone tell me what the poem says?  This item looks beautiful, but I would love to know the poem that comes with it, and maybe the grandmother or teacher ones as well... can anyone let me know? It's beautiful, but I wish there was more in the description such as what the poem card says, and how long the bracelet itself is/will be. <end>  Very, Very small!!  I received this item very quickly and it did come in a very nice box with a poem. Unfortunately, the bracelet is so small that it can't possibly fit any adult's wrist. I am very thin and it wouldn't even fit on me. I plan on having my mom use it as a keychain. I read how a couple of other reviews said it was small but I thought maybe it was just small for those particular people. I wish there would have been dimensions listed in the review because then I wouldn't have bought it. It is very pretty but I am extremely disappointed that it is so small and don't feel like going through the hassle of sending it back. Trust me, it is SMALL!! <end>  Love, Mother, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet  This is a really pretty bracelet! Great deal, quality item, and arrived in a cute gift box with a to/from tag inside. Can't wait to give it to my mom  ) <end>  Fantastic  I bought the grandmother bracelet for my mom and mother in law for Christmas from the kids. There were cheap so I wasn't expecting much but they are well made and they absolutely loved them. I liked them so much I bought the mother one for myself! Beautiful and well made. Can't beat the price. I have even seen ones for teachers and plan on getting on of those too! <end>  Good mother's day gift  Good mother's day gift. However, the bracelet took too long to arrive, and it arrived after the holiday. My mom expressed that she liked the bracelet, though I have not seen her wear it yet.  -) <end>  makes a good gift  the recipiant of this gift loved it just had a comment hoping they could make the clasp a little easier to fasten <end>  Beautiful  I purchased this looking for a great gift for my mother. The bracelet came in a beautiful purple tied box. This was the best looking gift under the christmas tree!! The bracelet also looked beautiful, however my mother is big boned and the bracelet is a little tight, but its a great gift! I love it. <end>  Very Nice  I got this bracelet for my mother for her birthday last year. She absolutely loves it. It is very sturdy, and very nice especially for the price. It is sold in some stores, but it is more expensive. I am very happy with this and I love seeing my mother wear it! <end>  Re Bracelet...  I got this product for my mother on mother's day and she loves it. She wears it everyday. Thank you.  D <end>  my review  Very pleased with this product, arrived promptly, and turned out exactly as described! When I gave it to my mother, she cried! A+ <end>  Satisfied  The bracelet was beautiful when I got it and I loved the note about mothers on the inside. However, it turned rather quickly due to it not being real silver. I've never worn it in water or anything it just turned rather fast for my liking. <end>  Thank YOu  This is an awesome gift for your loved ones. I would strongly incourage people to buy this it makes a great gift. The sender does a great day job at getting the stuff on time. I ordered my stuff a day ago and I reveived it really fast. <end>  Beautiful and fast shipping  I bought this for Christmas. It's very beautiful I love it. It took 3 days to get here very fast shipping. The price is perfect. The box it came in is so cute and the poem is great. I would suggest this to anyone it's the perfect gift. <end>  A gift  This is a great gift at a good price and my mom really loved it I will recommend this item. <end>  cute idea, but cheap quality  This is a cute, thoughtful gift, but cheap quality. The silver beads are plastic and rub off easily when worn a long time. <end>  Great Item  Item came to me fast and I love it. Came in a beautiful box as well. Definintely recommended for great gifts. <end>  amazing gift for mothers  I think it is an amazing gift for mothers. Awesome as a gift for christmas or birthday .It looks beautiful. <end>  Simply Beautiful  Recieved this item before the date given in a very nice gift box . The picture that is shown for the bracelet is exactly what you will recieve. This is very delicate yet a beautiful piece of jewelry which will last because iof the toggle clasp which is very sturdy so that the bracelet eill not come off. <end>  Perfect gift for moms!  My mom is going to love this. It has scentiment, it's nice looking, and it comes is the best little box with a nice saying in it. <end>  Great bracelet for the price  I purchased this bracelet for my mother and found the quality to be very nice for the price. Unlike some of the other reviews, the one I received was made of heavier materials, the charms metal and looked exactly like the picture. It has a unique latch that might not be real easy to figure out for some but I didn't have any problem with it. I am impressed and my mother loved her gift. <end>  Mother's bracelet.  This was a good choice for my mother so I expect it would be perfect for anyone's mother. Be it a mother's day present, her birthday or just because you want to show you care, it was a good length on her, it wasn't loose to the point that it would slip past her wrist but just stay where it was. I highly recommend it! I just would like to say that I can't find anything that should be added... it's a great price for those stuck on options of what to get your mother. And now I'm just rambling so I'll stop... <end>  Lovely Mother's Day gift!  I ordered this for my mother not expecting much since it was so inexpensive. When I received it I was thrilled! It's lovely & doesn't look inexpensive at all! My mother loved it! <end>  Perfect gift for mommy!!  I got this as a gift for my sister, proud mother. She loved it!! I was afraid it was going to be too small because of the previous reviews and how it looked when I took a peak, but it fit very nicely. It looks beautiful on and in the lovely package it's provided in. <end>  great  I gave this bracelet to my Mother for christmas, and she teared up. She loved it. I recomend this to everyone. As a mother myself I would love to get this. Just a tip for the company, a little more length would be nice. Great product! <end>  mother forever bracelet  i chose this braclet for a christmas gift for my mom. she loved it. it was just like the picture showed i will buy more braclets like this in the future. <end>  Mom loved it BUT  Yea so my mother really loves this bracelet. It is pretty came quickly in a nice little box,but the way it hooks on it easily falls off the same goes for the one I ordered my sister and aunt. They love them,pretty, just come off easy. Hope this helps! <end>  Great Present  This bracelet is perfect and the price is right! My mom really liked it and it's not cheap looking. I was really happy when I received. Great buy! <end>  A little small  I purchased this bracelet as a gift to myself. I do like that you're able to read the words. A little smaller the expected. I have small wrists so I lucked out. Overall not a bad purchase. <end>  Perfect Gift!  I bought this for mother for Mother's Day and she wears it everyday. It's a beautiful bracelet and a great quality! <end>  SHE LOVES IT  I GOT THIS FOR MY MOTHER FOR CHRISTMAS AND SHE ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS GIFT. IT COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER THOUGH ! <end>  needs to be bigger  it comes in a beautiful box looks great but its a bit small even for my mothers wrist but it looks great just wish it was longer <end>  My mom loved this!!  My mom loved this!! I got it for her on mothers day. I just purchased this item on the 8th of may and it was already shipped to my moms house on the 11th. i wasn't expecting it to be shipped so soon. i received a call from my mother crying with joy (keep in mind shes not a very sentimental person and very hard to shop for)... She described this as it came in a very beautiful box and the poem inside the box was what made her cry lol. She asked how much i had payed for it and when i told her she was expecting it to be more because of how well made the bracelet is and the quality of everything in general. It was definitely worth the money! I would recommended this a gift for all the mothers! <end>  Sweet  Bought two for both mine and my mother in law's mother day present. Very cute box with sweet note and even if they don't wear the bracelets they are pretty for show. Overall fantastic for price. <end>  A great steal!!! You'll love it!  Got it within 4 days of ordering it. You'll fall in love with the box before you even open it. The bracelet is lovely and the poem behind is heartful. I don't understand how people said its small, my mom is 170lbs and it fits around her wrist perfectly. For such a low low price, I consider this a steal! I would definitely had paid more for this beautiful gift. Its worth more than the selling price. <end>  good for the price  this bracelet is well worth more than it sell for brought it for wife for mother day from my 4yr old son its a nice bracelet for the price not a everyday bracelet but looks cool she will like it <end>  Never  I was supposed to get this for my mom on mothersday but it never came and I never got the money back either <end>  Great mothers day gift!  I got this as a present for my step mom from both my younger step sister & myself. It is a really cute idea for a mothers day gift! Especially a gift to give from younger girls on a budget!! <end>  Cool  My mom really loved it!!! It came in a really nice box, w/ a really nice poem. Great gift to give  ) <end>  Mom loved it ...so yeah aced it  5 stars because it was well packaged designed , doesnt look cheap and mom has a matching dress so yeah all in all it is a fantastic product and i would gladly recommend it to any one looking for a gift to buy for motherCheers <end>  Great service  I had this order before it was even due to be sent. They did an outstanding job on getting me my product. <end>  Christmas gift  Bought this as a gift for my mother and she loved it. nice quality nice price and my mom enjoyed it. Also delivered super fast. So if you need a gift fast and you like this than this is the one you should buy!10/10 <end>  it fine  its a very nice product i got for my mom and she loved itwow so yea i reccomend good luck <end>  Bought it 4 mom its ok  But not as fancy in real life if moms wrist is not 2small dont buy it cause it be tight .. its cute but something yur 5year old can make . Non the less its an ok gift to give but not a wow gift...cant go wrong if dont have much to spend on a gift then get it <end>  Great  I am giving this to my daughter...she is a good mother...and i just want to let her know that. Arrived in perfect condition and as always fast shipping...thanks <end>  Very nice  Got this for my mother in law for Christmas, she loved it. It is made nice, has a great clasp and is sentimental. Very pleased with this purchase! <end>  Product review  I received the product on time & loved it as a gift idea for my daughter. Great product & service.... Thanks <end>  Great Gift for Mom  Mom loves it, I am sooooooo happy about my purchase... I will love my mother forever, no matter what, and this is a small way to show it! <end>  Love it so much  Very worth the price to give this as a gift for a loved one. My mother loved this product and says it was beautiful. If your looking for a good product I reccommend this. <end>  Affordable and great!  Product arrived earlier than planned, very fast! It has a great texture and very vivid colors. Very pleased with this purchase and so in-expensive ! )Love it! <end>  mom  This definitely was a great little gift and my mom in law completely loved it. With its delicate details and cute jingle. I would order this again. <end>  Great Gift  I ordered this for my Mother and Mother-In-Law and they both loved it!! I am very pleased with the quality of these too. <end>  I should have bought me one!  This is a really pretty bracelet. My mom loved it so much she cried! I wish i would have bought myself one! <end>  beautiful bracelet  I got this bracelet for my mom on mother's day and she LOVES it. i will definitely continue to keep buying stuff from this company <end>  Mothers Day Bracelets  I bought these bracelets for my small grandchilren to give to thier mothers.The girls mothers absolutely loved them and I was very impressed with them for the price I paid. <end>  Very pretty, but beware, small  The bracelet is very pretty, I bought it for my mom for mothers day and she loved it!! And the poem that came inside, she put it out for decoration in her room. But the bracelet is small, when I first saw it I was afraid it wouldn't fit her wrist because it was so small and doesn't have any adjustment to it. But luckly it fit her fine and she wears it everyday. Pretty but not for people that don't have small wrists. But it would still be cute to hang somewhere, like in your car or something, even if it you can't wear it. <end>  my mommy loved it  I gave this bracelet to my mother for mothers day. She absolutely fell in love with. She put it on immediately, even though she was not going anywhere. She actually hates to take it off. These bracelets are fabulous. They are a great price and they come super fast. <end>
 B000NZWU00  D.M. Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet - Sister, Friend, Forever Silver ||	  She loves it  This beautiful brazalet was a gift to my sister, she loves the color and the detaills. Besides the box is charm to. Was Perfect for her <end>  Beautiful  It's a very nice bracelet. The packaging is nice as well as soon as you open the box you notice the beautiful bracelet and a thoughful quote behind it. My sister loved it <end>  Nice bracelet  I ordered this for my sister for Christmas. It was just as described. It looked better than I expected. I am happy with this purchase. <end>  Ties that Bind  What girl doesn't like jewlery! These are gorgeous and now all three of my sisters have matching &#34;Sister Bracelets&#34;. They are beautifully presented in a gift box with an appropriate poem centered in the middle of the box.If you want give your sister a meaninful gift, you've hit the jackpot! <end>  Sweet Gift  This is a sweet gift to give your special sister to show that you love her and always will. Great! <end>  Amazing.....  I purchased this gift for my sister for Christmas and it came today... I was so suprised because it was scheduled to come the 12/26 It is beautiful and it has already received so many compliments from those who have seen it. Thank you soooo much and Im sure she will love this as well!!! <end>  Wonderful Christmas present!  I bought this for my sister. We have never been super close, but I wanted to get her something that let her know I love her. She is going to LOVE this. It's beautiful. I absolutely love this. I will be buying a couple more for my other sisters! <end>  Very beautiful gift  I bought this gift for my sister for Christmas. I was kind of weary buying something over the internet, but when I receieved it in the mail, It was stunning. I loved it. I gave this a 5 star rating because it is just a lovely gift. I would recommend this to basically anybody. Thanks. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet!  I bought this sister bracelet for a very good friend of mine because she is just like a sister to me and it arrived way before time and it was beautiful! <end>  great  great present to give your little sister. received quickly too. hopefully it last and is durable. would recommend to anyone <end>  For my daughter  I purchased this on behalf of my 16 year old for her 9 year old sister, It is very pretty. <end>  lou  Bought this bracelet for my sister for birthday and she loved it. Very elegant. Fast and easy transaction, received in a timely manner. good condition. great seller <end>  Secret Sister Gift  So pretty, and I saw the pleasure of it on her face. Very happy with the purchase. It did not look cheaply made and it is packaged so sweetly. Big exclamations of pleasure. Very glad I picked this gift to show my affection. <end>  Absolutely beautiful  My son gave this to his 13 year old sister. She adored it. It's not childish, and the charms are pretty. Perfect gift for a teen. It comes in a purple box decorated with a box and a sweet saying inside. <end>  LOVED THE BRACELETS!  I gave the bracelets to my 4 sisters and 1 adopted sister. They absolutely loved them. Although they are not very expensive, they look like they are! They are exquisite! I would not hesitate to purchase more items! <end>  its nice  I absolutely love this charm bracelet. I bought it for my sister on her bday .and she loves it too. <end>  so pretty  This bracelet is so pretty! The beads on the bracelet are purple though, but that works better because my sister loves purple. It is a really good deal for this bracelet. I know she is going to love it! <end>  Good Product  I got this for my sister's birthday. I got it shipped to me and sent it to her across the seas and she was so happy to get this gift. I am thankful I found this awesome product. <end>  beautiful but very cheaply made  I brought two of these bracelets for my sister n bff but when i recieved it was very excited until i open the package and felt how cheap the material was made almost like the kind of stuff u will find in a bubble gum machine will not return them bc the shipping will be about the cost of bracelets will never buy anything else from this company <end>  Very Cheap looking.  Very poor quality I should have returned them. I ordered 3 one for each of my sisters as xmas gift.I was embarrassed to give but didn't have time to get anything else, so told them to hang as ornament on rearview mirror cause I would not wear them. <end>  Very Pretty  This was a perfect gift for my sister who has everything. The sentiment was understood and she truly loved it. <end>  Sister bracelet  My daughter wanted one very badly and her brother couldn't find one. I ordered this for him and it was beautiful and it thrilled his little sister. <end>  Very sweet  Lovely gift, for some special sisters who are my best friends , the bracelet is elegant with a pretty dangling heart big hit! <end>  eh  bought this for my little sister for Christmas.. still haven't sent it though because it looks cheap, and I had to take some beads off because it was even too big for me . I'm 18 and she will be 13 In February. I think next time I will buy a bracelet in stores, or make one myself. <end>  bracelet  it arrived on time, looked just like that picture, i had no problem what so ever with this product. loved the box especially. <end>  Christmas gift  Bracelet were really nice and they were also boxed great for just wrap and give. I think they are great for little girls. <end>  My SIL loved it!  The bracelet came in beautiful packaging. The bracelet itself is so beautiful and looks surprisingly well made for the whole $9 that I paid for it. Also, my sister-in-law loved it and put it on right away! Definitely a no-brain er gift! <end>  Loved it!!!  Great product. My sister loved it. I would recommend it to any one who asked about it. Would buy again. <end>  Very nice  This is a very nice gift. I sent it to my best friend for Christmas and she loved it. It comes it nice little gift box, this is great for gift to someone special. <end>  Very Happy!  I am very happy I ordered 2 of these! They were gifts for my sisters and a great choice! They also arrived quickly. Thank You <end>  Big Sister Loved It!!  I bought this bracelet for my older sister for christmas. and when she opened it, the message in the box brought her to tears. The box itself was beautiful. Totally recommend. <end>  Thank YOu  This is an awesome gift for your loved ones. I would strongly incourage people to buy this it makes a great gift. The sender does a great day job at getting the stuff on time. I ordered my stuff a day ago and I reveived it really fast. <end>  Nice  I got this for my sister and did not want her to see the price. So I emailed the seller and they respsode quick. Shipping was fast and I think she will loved it. I have not seen it since she leaves in another state. <end>  Very nice  I bought 2 of these for my sisters. They are beautiful and I look forward to giving them to my sisters. They are in lovely boxes that makes gift giving simple. No regrets on my purchase. <end>  love!!  Beautifully wrapped! Im giving this to a close friend of mine and it is very well made! And for such a low price to, its a great gift Im tempted to buy one myself cause they are just so well made and pretty! <end>  For my 5 sisters  I purchased this for my 5 sisters. We all have the same on now. I love it. They love it too. They were not surprised that I had gotten us all the same one because I always buy us similar jewelry. Very nice gift!! <end>  Great Item  Item came to me fast and I love it. Came in a beautiful box as well. Definintely recommended for great gifts. <end>  Sister, Friend Bracelet  The bracelet comes in a pretty box with a bow so there is no need for wrapping which is nice! The bracelet is very pretty, it is a larger size ( 71/2 -8) so if you have a small wrist it may be too big. Fortunately it will fit my sis fine, and she will love the bracelet because it's pink and from her sister. A nice little trinket for the price. It came quickly and I am satisfied overall. <end>  Love it!  I bought this item for my sister as a christmas gift. I ordered it extra early to see if it was what i was looking for. i didnt expect much since it was so cheap but when i opened it i fell in love. Im sure she will love it as much as i did. I recommend it to everyone( <end>  Beautiful gift for my sisters  I bought two of these bracelets for my sisters for Christmas as stocking stuffers. I was pleased when I opened the package to see how they were crafted. These bracelets are beautiful, and I'm sure that my sisters will love them. The were shipped faster then expected. I will order from this company again. <end>  Review Expressively Yours  The bracelet was a lot nicer than I had expected. I did not know if the bracelet was completely made out of metal or plastic but it was metal and it arrived on time. <end>  Bracelet  It is exactly what I was looking for at a great price and looks more expensive. Thank you so much. <end>  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS!!!!!  I bought 2 of these for my bff's/sisters and I absolutely love them. It's not about how much the bracelet cost or even the quality of the bracelet I mean it only cost $7 but it's more of the meaning behind giving the gift. I can't wait to give these to my sisters soon. I'm sure they will love it;) Great buy and they came sooner than I expected. <end>  Perfect Gift  My sister is kind of hard to buy for. When I saw this bracelet I thought it would be the answer to her birthday gift puzzle. It arrived in a nice little giftable box. It is really as nice up close as it was in the picture online. Very happy. <end>  pretty little bracelet  I purchased this for my sister. She thought it was very pretty and was touched to receive it - on mother's day from her little sis. <end>  your sister will love this bracelet  I brought this bracelet for my besties/play sisters birthday. She loved it. What I left out when reviewing other bracelets by the same company is that- people love the message inside the box as much as they love the bracelet. As I stated when reviewing the other bracelets- the bracelets are really cute, the price is very reasonable, and they come really really really fast. I absolutely love these bracelets. I am sure people think I spent a lot of money on these bracelets, because they are so nice. <end>  Charm bracelet  This product is beautifully made and arrived much earlier than anticipated. This was ordered to be a part of a wedding gift corny sister and I know she will be satisfied with the gift. <end>  Satisfied  I loved this bracelet it's was nice simple and beautiful... I bought if for my sister in law she don't wear much jewelry but she is actually wearing it as we speak she absolutely loves it  -) <end>  Great value, pretty bracelet  I ordered this during the holiday season and although it came in after Christmas, it was as pretty as it was pictured and an absolute value for the price. <end>  Exactly as pictured  This bracelet is exactly as shown. It's very pretty and arrived quickly. My 16 year old sister will be very pleased with this for Christmas. Thanks! <end>  Wonderful  Although I recieved this item one day late, it is on time for Christmas! I was very impressed with the quality... heavy, in a good way. It feels like a carefully made bracelet. I definately know my sister will love getting this! <end>   )  I bought this for my best friend who is like a sister to me and she absolutely loved it...it's perfect and beautiful I would recommend it to anyone for their sister or friend..it's gonna be gratefully accepted and loved <end>  Stocking stuffer for my sister  I needed something low cost but charming and elegant for my sister, who is very spiritual and likes inscriptions and things. She loved it! <end>  beautiful!  This was a gift for a sister in law, and showed her that she is really my SISTER! She LOVED it, and thought it was truly beautiful! And thrilled to receive it! <end>  Buy this bracelet with no regrets  I bought this for my twin sister. We made 51 on January 11th. She loved it. The bracelet is beautifully styled with good grade silver, beautiful beads, and a stunning silver filigree heart. The picture does it no justice. Also, I have a 15 year old niece who loves the bracelet so much, I am ordering her one, with the appropriate message of course. This bracelet is for young and old (if you consider 51 old). The message is personal and it is just an all around great gift and there are so many varieties of it. It also is a good size and will fit any wrist. It's a win/win situation with this product! <end>  Lovely bracelet  Delicate, feminine and a sweet reminder how precious sisters are . Comfortable and easy to wear. <end>  Sister forever bracelet!  I'm very displeased with this bracelet, it was not what I expected in silver jewerly. I had one for myself as well as my sister and the first day of wear, it turned our wrist green. Terrible quality! <end>  sister loved it  this is the best gift if you are looking to give it to your sister or a best friend that you think of as a sister. It shipped from Little Rock, AR & it came in really fast. she loves this & for the price you can't go wrong. <end>  great bracelet  got this for my sister and she loves it! wears it all the time. cant beat the price!! nice quality and fast shipping. would recommend to make your sister feel special <end>  great  made great gift, priced well, came quick, strong materials, picture didnt do it justice, even prettier in person. she loved it <end>  great as a birthday gift.  Great reasonably priced gift. It is high quality and it looks precious on. I have bought the same item for different people in my family and they all love it. <end>
 B000NZX5YA  14k Two-Tone Gold Moon and Angel Diamond Pendant (1/8 cttw, J Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  photo deceptive  The photo is deceptive. The diamonds are microscopic, and the gold chain as thin as a strand of hair. The moon is depicted as hanging by one end with the angel "sitting" upright, but the chain is attached to both ends of the moon, making it look like a "U". I gave it as a gift to my daughter, but we will have to get a better chain before this one breaks. <end>
 B000NZX61W  XPY 14k White Gold Journey Diamond Horseshoe Pendant 17" ||	  Simple and beautiful.  Wished that it had a lobster clasp. This would make it easier to put on, but beautiful pendant. If you are going to wear it often you might get the chain soddered to pendant. 2 rings hold chain on to pendant. <end>  Perfect  I received this item as a gift from my husband and absolutely love it. The horseshoe itself isn't small but it isn't big either, to me it was just right! If big is what you are looking for this isn't it. The link itself is very thin but works as it doesn't take away the attention from the pendant; it does however frequently get knotted when in the jewelry box unless you have them hanging on a hook <end>  Diamonds not matched at all  This shipped next day, and I was excited upon arrival. However, opening it up I easily noticed the diamonds are not color matched at all. Even at this price point and minimum specifications one would expect the diamonds to be color matched to the naked eye. The second largest is very pink, and skipping the next one, the following two are tinted pink as well.The pendant pictured has color matched diamonds, or it sure looks that way (airbrushed?),but the real product in my case definitely does not!I'll contact amazon and see what they have to say and update if needed.Update  Called Amazon and within 3 minutes had a replacement on the way and a return label in my email inbox for the mismatched pendant. Two days later a new one arrived and in beautiful condition. Thanks to Customer Service this 1 star review is now 4 stars. <end>  jouirney horshoe pendant  The product arrived as described but was a little smaller than you you would think , maybe a better description or a picture with a ruler in the background would serve the buyer better.That is the only reason I did not give it 5 stars.Yellow gold may play more on the diamonds and give it a little more sparkle.Other than that it is nice and with the price of gold these days it is worth it in my opinion. <end>  Pictures are deceiving  The item is nice, but a lot smaller and not as nice as it looks in the picture. Not worth the money <end>
 B000O14272  CZ Engagement Rings - 4.60 Cts. Solitaire Center Pave CZ Engagement Ring - Size 5 ||	  It's more beautiful on my hand than on the picture!  It's more beautiful on my hand than on the picture! I'm in love with this ring. Thanks. <end>  Fizzle!  Pls be sure you want your fiance to wear this for a short time before you make the choice of buying this item. If your intention is long time effizy, then this is not for you because you have to make arrangement for one that will last. It looks expensive but after people admire it, it will wear off before you realise it. <end>
 B000O154ZQ  CZ Engagement Rings - 1.75 Cts. Marquise Center Pave CZ Engagement Ring ||	  Stunning  This ring is stunning, solid and of good quality. I have gotten many compliments on it in just the short time I have owned it. I would definitely purchase other products from this company. <end>
 B000O1L9KK  10k Gold or Sterling Silver 3-Stone Heart Pendant Necklace, 18" ||	  Good Quality but smaller than expected  I think is a great product but is smaller than what I was expecting. The other problem is that the chain is thin but I'll change it. Anyways, for the price I think is a good deal! <end>  My Wife Loves it.  I saw this and I really liked it. I bought it for my wife and she loved it. It looks very expensive in reality. <end>  The best present!  I bought this heart pendant for my frien'ds birthday and she loved it. She said that frommall presents which she has received for her birthday she finds my pendant for the best and most beautiful gift. I am happy that i chose the right prsent and that she likes it. It's a great gift for every woman! <end>  Beautiful  I purchased this necklace for my daughters 13th birthday. She just loves it. It was a perfect gift. <end>  Chain is weak link  I bought this for my wife and she loves it. The only flaw that kept the pendant from getting more stars is the chain. It is much too delicate. We had to purchase a separate chain for the heart.Other than that we are very pleased <end>  Kinda small  This is a very nice necklace but the chain is very thin and the pendant is kinda small. My girlfriend loves it and wears it everyday. <end>  for a little special lady  I bought this necklace for my granddaughter . she's only 10 years old and I was worried about it being too big . It arrived promptly and my granddaughter absolutely loves it . The size is elegantly proportionate . <end>  Looks cheap  Looked like something you would buy at the dollar store. Boxing was extremely cheap looking and the clasp was not as shown in pic of product. Would not recommend this purchase. <end>  just what I expected  I am very happy with this necklace. The pictures on the computer did not portray the actual necklace very well. It is a nice size and very pretty. The gold is mellow. love it <end>  Looks great  I looks really nice, although it is smaller than it appears on the photo. I thought that I will not like it as I read several customer reviews stating that it is small. but Although it is small it look very nice. chain is thin. probably it would be better to change it. <end>  Tiny  Well this thing is small. Considering the price you can't really complain, but the lady can. It is cute, but oddly small and fragile. I would not recommend this for anyone who is active or hard on jewelry. <end>  a just because gift...  there were a few of these with multiple price ranges... bought the one that was least expensive... it was for my spouse ofcourse... she loves it... it's a little on the small size but it's the thought that counts right... LoL! also bought a chain extender... and with that it fit and looked just right... shipping was nice it came in two days as requested also <end>  small in size  I got this necklace for my wife and was very surprised and disappointed that it was so much smaller than I expected. She loved it though and I soon learnt that the term 'smaller the better' applies to this type of jewellery. She loves it. I recommend this if you don't want to get your other half a tiffany's but still want a delicate piece of jewellery to give as a present. <end>  Priced too high for the quality  Chain is light, cheap. Hook gets caught in the pendant. If the pendant falls off, it's not easy to get back on. For this price it should have none of these problems. Overall, the necklace is pretty when it's on. <end>  Good  My wife like it very much, and it is really nice!!!It is as a gift for me wife, i like it also <end>  great  the product was very well packaged and took almost no time arrive. the quality of the product is very nice too. <end>  She just loved it!!!  i bought this item for my Girlfriend for Christmas and she just loved it! And she has'nt taken it off since it looks good! <end>  diamond heart pendant  This product was very pretty. The chain length was perfect. I actually liked the size of the heart. The worst thing about the product has to do with the chain. The chain is very thin. The way the necklace is shipped allows the chain to become horribly tangled. It took me about 30 minutes to untangle the chain before I could even think of giving it as a gift. I hope someone thinks of a way to alleviate this problem. <end>  Beautiful piece of jewelry  I bought this for my girlfriend and she loved it! She never takes it off! The diamonds are a bit small, but they look very good on this chain. You won't be disappointed! <end>  BEAUTIFUL  This necklace is the first white gold product ive ever purchused. It truly is stunning! The price was unbeatable and delivery was FAST!!! Its already all set up and ready to give to my special someone. Thank you amazon! <end>  disappointed  very pretty and nice but my wife can not wear it because necklace was extremely tangled upon delivery. since chain is so fragile, possible we are going to need to take it to a jewelry store to be untangled. <end>  Wears it Every Day  I got this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it. She wears it every day and has gotten many compliments on it. It is a perfect size and was really good quality. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. Makes a great gift. <end>  Very pretty  This was a surprise gift and my wife loved it. It stood out very nicely and the chain was just the right size. Plus it was very easy for her to put on by herself even though the clasp was small. <end>  Nothing more, Nothing less.  When I first received this necklace,it was much smaller than I had imagined, but I didn't read the details on the product. It's my bad, so I'll let that one slide.However, the measuring chart doesn't accurately depict the size of the chain. It was much tighter than in the picture, however, the chain WAS 18 inches. Again, I'll let it slide since it wasn't a huge problem with my slimmer-than-most girlfriend.All in all, it got the job done, and my with a few emotional words added to it, she loves it and never separates with it. <end>  way too small  When i bought this i thought it would have been much bigger, but to be honest my girl really like it so i guess thats all that matters <end>  Good Value at Gold Discount Price  I bought this pendant on a gold discount for $30. Pendant is a good value at that price but was a little smaller than I thought it would be. It made a nice gift for my youngest daughter. <end>  Fantastic necklace!  The necklace was a gift for my gf on our anniversary. She loves it! We have been looking for a heart shaped necklace with diamonds on the side for quite a while, none of them were up to our liking. Then finally we found this lovely piece of jewellery in amazon! We had to pay import and shipping fee of $55 to deliver it to the UK, the original product cost only $73. It was totally worth it! The heart is not too big but looks very delicate. <end>  Ok. Nice but hollow gold.  The heart pendant is hollow. I guess it is to reduce the cost. Otherwise it looks real nice. <end>  Good value  I bought this for my girlfriend for Valentine's Day and I would have to agree with other reviewers - The pendant is rather small. However I think it makes it look cute on my girlfriend's neck.- The chain is way too thin. She has worn it several times without issue, but we will definitely get a new chain before this one breaks.- The diamonds are small and they don't pack quite as much sparkle as other higher rated diamonds.However, overall it is still a good value for the money, so if you don't have a big problem with any of the above I would definitely recommend this pendant. My girlfriend is quite happy with it. <end>  good design and quality  thanks for amazaon on their good service and good quality of different products.it was received in good packing and on time as been scheduled .thanks again for amazon.com team <end>  Small, dingy necklace  I bought this necklace because my girlfriend likes smaller, not-guaudy jewelery. I thought that this may fit the bill. In the photos, it shines, and the scale is slightly ambiguous.When it arrived, it was dingy and smaller than I expected. On top of that, the diamonds are low quality (I knew that they would not be great with an I color rating and I2 clarity, but COME-ON MAN!).I am going to try to shine this up with some kind of cleaner, and hope it shines up a bit. <end>  Beautiful, but small  This product is smaller than what I had thought it would be, but it is still beautiful! My fiance' will love it as one of her Christmas gifts. I would reccomend this product. <end>  A bit of a letdown  A bit of a letdown. The pendant is only the size of a dime and the chain is quite thin. The stones are nowhere near the same color intensity as the photo wants you to believe. I'm curious as to the cost of the lens used to take the product photo. The necklace came in a small ziplock bag and I spent 20 minutes untangling it and the clasp isn't something I'm confident in. I am tempted to return it <end>  Really nice  This was a present for my wife for our 10 year aniversary. It was really elegant and she loved it. Reason for only 4 and not 5 stars is the chain it comes with is really thin and after I gave it to her we ended up buying a thicker chain. <end>  Nice pendant - looks bigger in the picture  Well, She liked =)The pendant is nice.It just looks bigger in the picture and the chain is very thin. <end>  Product Review  This product was a gift for a close freind. Considering the price and quality, I consider it to be of excellent value. I am very satisfied with the service and time that it took to receive this item. Thank You. AFL <end>  Looks very nice.  I got this for my girlfriend just as a "hey thinking of you" type deal. She loved it. Shes not a jewelry person and the chain and pendant are fairly light. It is however a bit smaller than I thought it would be, but my girlfriend doesn't seem to care. <end>  pendant  Beautiful! Got this for my Granddaughter for this coming Christmas. She will love it! Anyone could wear this (once again, tempted to keep for myself) very feminine and dainty. Eye catching! <end>  excellent product  exactly as described excellent product it looks way more expensive than it actually is 5 star pendant but where it falls short is the size of the chain it looks cheap nd is extremely small. Its an overall great purchase though but you might want to invest on a bigger chain just be sure it fits the pendant <end>  amazing quality...  I was very pleased with this pendant. Similar ones were priced 50 dollars more, same designer and company. So i was very happy to get the exact quality and beauty for a few dollars less. saving a few bucks adds up in this economy. Thank you for the speedy delivery. I am very happy <end>  Pretty, but delicate  I bought this for myself as a mother's day gift. Within the first week my 10 month old son yanked it off my neck and broke it. The clasp is very delicate. This necklace is very petite and classy, just not for everyday wear!It's good if you can buy at a discount, I don't think it's worth the $100 price, but the goldbox price of $49.99 was perfect! <end>  Perfect Design  I bought it as a gift for my wife, she likes it very much. The design is perfect!But as my opinion is concerned, maybe I am a layman. I think this pendant is a little light, the gold circle is hollow, I don't know whether is the character of this format, or the manufacturer want to save golden. <end>  makes a nice gift  Purchase one for my wife as a little birthday present. She absolutely loved it. The price was terrific and the quality was exceptional. <end>  DON'T BUY THIS - IT'S JUNK!!!  This item is very deceiving. It measures about a quarter of an inch and the diamonds need to be viewed with a magnifying glass!! The chain is absolute junk. The item came boxed as most necklaces do, but the chain was hopelessly knotted in three places. I ended up breaking it, which was very easy to do with my bare hands, and spending another $60 to buy a decent chain. DO NOT BUY THIS NECKLACE. You will be very disappointed. <end>  smaller then I thought but still nice.  I like the product, the pendant was very nice, but smaller then I thought. The diamonds were as expected, one was nicer then the others but all were what I expected given the diamond rating. I didnt really like the back of it. [...]... it wasnt for me ha <end>  I would like to give this to you  Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you've never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more. You share hopes for the future, dreams that will never come true, goals that were never achieved and the many disappointments life has thrown at you. When something wonderful happens, you can't wait to tell them about it, knowing they will share in your excitement. They are not embarrassed to cry with you when you are hurting or laugh with you when you make a fool of yourself. Never do they hurt your feelings or make you feel like you are not good enough, but rather they build you up and show you the things about yourself that make you special and even beautiful. There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around. You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are. The things that seem insignificant to most people such as a note, song or walk become invaluable treasures kept safe in your heart to cherish forever. Memories of your childhood come back and are so clear and vivid it's like being young again. Colours seem brighter and more brilliant. Laughter seems part of daily life where before it was infrequent or didn't exist at all. A phone call or two during the day helps to get you through a long day's work and always brings a smile to your face. In their presence, there's no need for continuous conversation, but you find you're quite content in just having them nearby. Things that never interested you before become fascinating because you know they are important to this person who is so special to you. You think of this person on every occasion and in everything you do. Simple things bring them to mind like a pale blue sky, gentle wind or even a storm cloud on the horizon. You open your heart knowing that there's a chance it may be broken one day and in opening your heart, you experience a love and joy that you never dreamed possible. You find that being vulnerable is the only way to allow your heart to feel true pleasure that's so real it scares you. You find strength in knowing you have a true friend and possibly a soul mate who will remain loyal to the end. Life seems completely different, exciting and worthwhile. Your only hope and security is in knowing that they are a part of your life. <end>  3-Stone Heart Pendant Necklace  I purchased this a gift for my wife for Christmas. She absolutely loves it. It is even more beautiful than I expected and is very elegant. <end>  Yellow Not Rose Gold  The item is smaller than I anticipated but would have been acceptable had the pendant been colored similar to the picture. The intended recipiant does not wear yellow gold and I cannot tell the difference between its color and yellow gold. It's definitely NOT ROSE gold.When I ordered this item, I shopped a number of web sites and found rose gold earrings which could be worn with a rose gold pendant. The earrings I received were rose gold but do not match the Yellow pendant. <end>  Smaller then I thought it would be but still great.  When I initially found this necklace I was searching something that had some diamonds that wasn't too expensive but still would make my wife happy. Thats what I got, she loved it even thought it was smaller then i was expecting she still liked it. The chain is really thin and tangles easily and looks like it could break easily. This may be a problem for some people but it doesn't bother my wife at all, she likes small chains. The pendant itself is a little bit smaller then a dime, and the chain is a little thicker than fishing line. Hope this info helps someone picture it better because the image makes it look a lot bigger. The chain can easily be swapped out for a thicker one and the pendant will still rest the same. <end>  Nice Piece  I bought the heart pendant for my wife for mother's day. She loved it. It's very petite and dainty, and that is the style jewelry my wife prefers. The only criticism I may have is that the chain is a bit thin and fragile. As such, we went out and bought a new chain, but the pendant is very much worth the price. <end>  It looks very nice!  Though the chain is a little too thin! I had to buy a different chain! However - for the price - is a great looking pendant! Looks great! <end>  Better Than Expected  I bought this when it was part of "Today's Deals" a month back. At first glance it looked beautiful, but was hesitant based on the mediocre reviews. I decided to get it anyway because I thought it looked nice. I surprised my girlfriend with it on her graduation from college and was thoroughly happy. It even comes in a nice classy box to keep it in. The chain may be flimsy, but its not like anyone is going to rip it from your neck. The piece itself is the perfect size which was another concern. It was neither too big nor small and then length of the chain was perfect and fit beautifully just below the neck line. If you're on the fence based on other reviews just go with what your heart says (no pun intended) and you'll be happy with this purchase. 5/5 <end>  Nice pendant  The heart pendant is very pretty and just what I wanted. The chain, however, is very thin. I would definitely recommend finding another chain if you want to wear this on a regular basis. <end>  It's Okay  Well I got this as a gift for my girlfriend, and she loved it. That is why it gets three stars out of me. I do agree that the chain is a bit too thin, but that wasn't a big deal. I just bought a different chain with it. Amazon has plenty to choose from. It was smaller than it looks in the picture, and from the side it isn't the most beautiful piece, but it looks nice from the front. The very bottom diamond was loose, but I gave it a little push, and it seemed to click into the setting and has stayed firm. Overall I think it was a good purchase for what it costs, but next time I buy jewelry I'm probably not going to do it online. At least that way I'll know what I'm paying for. <end>  Good for the price!  Product description is accurate, it is neither too big, or too small. It looks very good, yet simple when it hangs from my girlfriend's neck. The only con is that the chain it brings is very thin and weak. Mine got tangled into a knot the first day and I had to break it, so plan on investing a few more $$ on a better chain. <end>  Great Pendant  This is a great pendant. But before you give it to your loved one or begin wearing it get a new chain for it. My wife's chain broke after about a month or two of wearing it. <end>  10k gold diamond pendant  Its very small and the chain is very thin the picture makes it look way bigger than it really is. <end>  gorgeous pendant  great pendant for the price-looks much more expensive than it is, so that's right up my alley. just change the chain cause it's flimsy. <end>  Almost what i expected  the chain as said before and shown in the picture is very small, the pendant it self is a nice size, but the pink stones are no way near that color pink in the picture shown, its more of a baby pink. It looked good, but was really disappointed by the false advertisement <end>  Hart necklace  Wife is pleased with my selection. Three diamnds represent Past, Presant and Future Happiness together. What a delight it was to see her eyes as she opened the presant. <end>  my Birthday gift  This is a very pretty heart with diamonds. I like the chain too. Because of my arthritic fingers I put the magnetic attachment on so I can easily put it on and take it off. My daughter gave me the gift card and was very pleased when I showed her the necklace I purchased with it. <end>  Cute and delicate  Received this as a Christmas gift from my husband. I had it on my wish list because we are expecting our first baby and thought the 3 stones were a nice symbol of our little family. The heart is smaller than I expected, although that is fine with me. I prefer more delicate jewelry. However, the chain is very thin and I had to switch it out with one I already had. I couldn't work the clasp myself it is so small. Overall very happy with it so far. <end>  A beautiful diamond necklace.  I chose this diamond white gold necklace because of the simplicity of the design, and the quality of workmanship.I would highly recommend it to any future customers. <end>  Awesome Necklace  This necklace is awesome. The gold was perfect with no problems. All 3 stones were a good size and very very clear. <end>  Nice but small  looks great but heart is very small when out of the box and right in front of u...i guess u can say its worth the price...once again nice product but rather small <end>  She Approved  I got this for my girlfriend, and she liked it very much. The chain was kinda weak/small, so she replaced it with a bigger on she had to not risk any problems. Otherwise, good necklace and great gift. <end>  Great pendant, chain a bit too thin  My wife has refined taste in gold and diamond jewellery. So I was a bit concerned if she would like this item in Sterling Silver (which is what I ordered). To my relief, she loved it and has been wearing it since. I do feel that the chain looks a bit too thin and flimsy. My wife plans to put the pendant in a thicker chain that she currently has. <end>  Very cute. Smaller than anticipated  The piece is very cute and looks just as pictures. Quality is excellent for the price. The pendant is a bit smaller overall than anticipated but overall happy with the purchase. <end>  Lovely, but oops!  This is my wife's Valentine's Day present. It's lovely. But alas, the chain was tangled upon arrival. We tried to pick it apart with pins, but we broke the chain in the process.I know these chains are easily tangled. But it should have been packed more carefully. <end>  good indeed  i wasnt sure about this but its actually really good. sure its small in size but my gf loved it for valentines day. recomend it. <end>  Absolute Junk  Looks great in the pictures but not when you get it. Aside from the flimsy cheap chain that everyone is complaining about, the pendant is complete crap. It looks like it was stamped out of sheet metal and the back is completely hollow and greyish black. Looks like crap when it gets turned over. My girlfriend pretended to like it, threw out the box and hasn't worn it since Christmas. 55 days and counting... <end>  Fantastic Little Pendant  As many other reviews are saying, it is very small, but that just makes it dainty. The box it comes in was a bit cheesy, but if you are worried about that, it would not be hard to pick up a different one. It`s a steal of a deal for the quality of the necklace and it arrive 3 days after I ordered it!! I`m impressed! <end>  Less than 1/2 inch high, cheap chain  Not hard to see why it's on sale. I would not have paid full price. It is pretty, but it's very small. <end>  she loves it  If this is for a small woman like mine is then she will love it. Will post update on how chain is holding up. . <end>  Great gift for a loved one.  Great deal on such a nice necklace. Got it for my girlfriend for our anniversary and she loved it. Great buy! <end>  Girlfriend LOVED it, made my sister's jealous and my mom cry.  I think the title says enough. The chain is very dainty, so she may replace it down the road but for now it has been just fine being worn every day. <end>  It gets the point across  She loved it. It was a little smaller than I thought, but it gets the point across if your in a budget <end>  Just so so  Not so good. The diamond is small and the decoration is ok. It is ok to have but not well recomanded! <end>  Chain Too Small  Trying to take the necklace out of the package the necklace has a knot in it that I cannot get out. Maybe I will take it to a jeweler and see if they can help me.I wish the chain was a little thicker. <end>  Pendant  Very nice pendant. The chain gets tangled a lot though, so purchase a different chain, other than that, no complaints. <end>  Small, but pretty  The pendant on the necklace is small, but when it's on someone, it looks pretty and the size rather looks like it fits.And like everyone pointed out, the chain feels like it might break, but it has resistance to stay intact if taken care of properly.Also, when ordering a new chain, you will have to consider how big the opening is on the pendant for the chain to go through. I ordered a chain that wasn't that thick, but the endpoints ended up being too thick to go through the pendant. <end>  pretty nice  its nice and it makes a great gift, consider buying another necklace with it because the one that comes with it breaks fast <end>  Very nice for the price  As others have mentioned, this piece was a bit smaller than I expected, but I was still very happy with it. I felt that it was a good deal. <end>  3-stone pendant  The pendant is beautiful but the chain was very thin and flimsy. I had to replace the chain immediately. <end>  Not large, but very nice.  This pendant is really nice, and my girlfriend really loves it. Can't say much else if this is the style you are looking for. Good buy. <end>  A Perfect Gift  Because I had read the reviews before I ordered this necklace, I was aware of the small size of the pendant and the flimsy chain. Regardless, I was very pleased when the package arrived. I will purchase a heftier chain before I send this gift to my friend in Europe. I noted some nice chains here on Amazon, and I'll ask a jeweler what a better chain size might be. The small size makes this a perfect gift. Something larger would have been too gaudy and inappropriate. My friend is my overseas E-mail buddy; she is very dear to me, but not in a romantic way in the usual sense of that word. <end>  My Bride Loved It. . . But I Modified It Before She Got It  This is a beautiful piece of jewlery, so I am told. (My vision doesn't let me see it very well) Most importantly, my bride LOVED it! I gave it to her to wear with her wedding dress as a special gift. That said, I'm not so sure it is truly "worth" the full retail price. But hey, I don't exactly buy a lot of jewelery, so. . . &lt;grin> The heart is pretty small, and I did decide, like others who reviewed this item, the chain would be way too easily broken to give it to her, so I went and purchased another gold chain at a local retailer. <end>  Beautiful Heart Pendant  This necklace was one of the "Deals of the Day/time". It was beautiful, very dainty, and a romantic piece of jewelry. I returned it because it did not fit, otherwise, the necklace was beautiful & was as described. <end>
 B000O1LFEU  Bleach Uryu Cross Necklace ||	  Bleach Uryu Cross  I was very satisfied with this product. I had originaly gotten this to match my tatto, but it is able to be worn around all day every day. It is light and you are unable to feel as if it is on. 100% Satisfied, and I will most deffinately be buying from this seller again!!! <end>  Two thumbs up  I purchased this for my son who is a Bleach fan! He was thrilled with it. <end>  Great for every Uryu fan!  I bought this necklace at F.Y.E the other day and I'm totally in love with it! It's one of the best Bleach products out there and it seems to look like that cross in the show. The only thing is that the chain looks breakable so don't buy if your rough with jewelry. But other then that I love it and wear it all the time also it's very pretty. It's a must have for every Uyru fangirl.  D <end>  interesting  this is not only an interesting shape for a cross. it is beautiful in it's own way. well taken care of and made. <end>  Awesome!  I love this thing! I was wary because of all the cheaply made knock-offs being sold on eBay right now, but this is the real deal; came in the official packaging and everything. It's also extremely durable; I wear it wrapped around my wrist constantly, and it's been hit off of a billion things and still looks brand new (knock on wood).Definitely recommend it.  D <end>  Just fine  My son picked this out for himself and he wears it and loves it. Can't get much better than that. <end>  My rating  I thought the product was highly accurate compared to the Anime. Although the Anime showed that Uryu had a cross bracelet and not a necklace, the cross piece of the product is good. <end>  Nice reproduction of Uryu's cross  I used this in an Uryu Ishida costume for my 11 year old son. It's a beautiful piece that looks just like Uryu's cross in the anime.The chain and clasp are nice and sturdy. Both held up to a lot of fidgeting and fiddling with. The only slight apprehension I have about the necklace is that it's made out of metal, but I'm not sure what kind or whether there's any lead content in it. A few years back, there was an issue with imported jewelry, so just to be on the safe side, I wouldn't let a child or teenager wear this against their skin for extended periods of time. Aside from that caution, this is wonderful and worth every penny. <end>  Best Bleach Necklace Ever  This bleach Uru Ishidia necklace was just great i give it a 100 out 100. I read tons of review to find this one and i had my doubts about it but i just got it yesterday and it came in perfect condition i didn't find one flaw in this necklace. Anybody who read this review if your a bleach uru ishidia fan i recomened this for you it is great and its worth way more than what you buy it for. Its a must have bleach fans!!! <end>  Could break  I purchased this same product from a different seller about a year and a half ago. I had no problems and the necklace is fairly durable but after a year the ring came off of the cross, I now wear it on the chain because I haven't had the chance to find a good glue to put it back together but be careful--the ring is very easy to lose and just slips right out if not held in properly. Aside from that the cross hasn't bent or broken and the color on the inside is just as bright as it was when I first bought it. I switched out chains but only because I wanted the necklace to be a little longer so I could wear it along with other necklaces, I use the original chain for a different necklace and it's lasted very well. <end>  Awesome Necklace!  I love this necklace!The length is perfectIts subtle enough to not be "geeky"Elegant and casual enough to be worn with anythingYet cool and recognizable by any true "Bleach" Fan.5 Stars! Highly Recommend. <end>  uryu cross necklace  what can i say other then this item is a great deal the only problem is the chain were you hook it in is a bit to small for my taste <end>  Nice.  It's not gonna spawn reshi bows but it's still very cool, must have for any Uryu Ishida fan. <end>  review  Very nice piece! I was impressed on how fast it was shipped and how fast it was it got here, and it was simply standard shipping. Over all very nice, seems pretty durable. It even came with the official packaging and so.I recommend it you wouldn't be disappointed. <end>
 B000O1R6CK  10k Two-Tone Diamond Double Heart Ring (.08 cttw), Size 7 ||	  Great buy for the money  This is a great buy. The ring gives off a brilliant shine and the overall look and feel is one of quality. One thing though, I wished the diamonds were a bit bigger.Then I would have had to give 5 Stars. Nevertheless a great buy. <end>
 B000O23FGK  14k White Gold Trillion Cut Peridot and Diamond Ring, Size 7 ||	  Go Leos!  The stone was bigger than I thought, but i'm use to it now. I really enjoy the ring and get a lot of compliments on it. When you get up close to look at the diamonds you can tell that they have the illusion metal stones in there to make it look like they are all diamonds....looks a little cheezy in that way. For the most part, i love the ring. <end>  Beautiful Quality Ring  My son bought this ring for his girlfriend for graduation. I was very impressed with the quality. The ring is heavy, which I love. (Doesn't feel like tin on your finger.) The stones are brilliant and substantial. My son's girlfriend said she gets compliments on it every day. Great buy, great ring, great PRICE! <end>
 B000O29ZB4  14k White Gold Diamond Anchor Pendant (1/8 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Buy a new chain  This necklace is adorable, almost microscopic, but adorable. But a word of warning, GET A NEW CHAIN!!!! I wore it for the first time, and the chain broke,and I lost the pendant, I still have the broken generic chain, that stayed in my shirt. It's so cute though that I'm thinking of re-ordering it. <end>
 B000O3APD0  Genuine Rhodonite, Crystal, Rose Quartz stone Chip Bead Long Layered Necklace 48" ||	  Substantial and weighty  This necklace is substantial and weighty. The quality of the stones is outstanding, and they are cut in interesting shapes along with the traditional round beads. Much more than I expected! <end>
 B000O3KH5Q  Exceptional Round Shape Created Sapphire Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Another great piece !!  The rich color of the sapphires are gorgeous. It hangs very nicely on the neck. And I like the fact that is is adjustable. <end>
 B000O3KHYM  Unique 2.25 carats total weight Pear Shape Garnet & White CZ Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  costume-y  Arrived in a very pretty box. The silver and the CZ's were a bit bigger than I would have liked, which made it seem a little costume-y. <end>  So gorgeous!  I've been looking for a garnet necklace that I like forever, and I've finally found it! I disagree with the previous reviewer, I don't think it's "costume-y" at all. The design is lovely and classic, and I'll be wearing this for years to come. <end>
 B000O3KIE6  Classic Beauty Round Shape White CZ Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Nice pendant.....  This pendant was a very nice piece and the pendant itself had a lot of weight to it for sterling silver. Loved the extension chain very much as it was a nice little added feature but thought the pendant was much larger than I expected it to be. I had wanted something to wear as casual but it is something to wear on special occasions. No dimensions or size of the pendant were mentioned in the description so it was hard to tell. I will keep it though because it is a very nice pendant. <end>
 B000O3M22M  Luxurious 4.00 carats total weight Marquise & Round Shape Peridot Multi-Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  beautiful  I have gotten so many compliments since I got this. It is so pretty and very eye catching. It was purchased by my husband as a birthday present but when it got to the house he was so wowwed by how it looked he let me have it right away. I love it. <end>
 B000O3M3SK  Elegant 1.50 carats total weight Trillion Cut London Blue Topaz & White CZ Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful  This necklace is as gorgeous as the picture and description offered. It came fast. <end>
 B000O3NEOM  Luxurious 3.25 carats total weight Marquise & Round Shape Amethyst Multi-Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Deeply Rich and Vibrant Amethyst Stones!  Wow, this necklace has such appeal. The stones are vibrant with a deep, rich amethyst color. The color is just saturated in this piece. The stones are cut beautifully and very clear. The silver has a lovely rhodium finish. The setting and attached chain on this necklace looks like platinum....for real, no kidding. It's a striking necklace. The marvelous amethyst stones and the unique design are the highlights of this piece. This necklace stays in place, it's very smooth and comfortable to wear.I contacted the seller with an inquiry and they responded to my email in less than 30 minutes, and had a answer to my question! That is superior customer service. I am extremely pleased with Peora. <end>
 B000O3NEYM  Elegant 3.00 carats total weight Round Shape Peridot Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Looks Expensive  Boy, I was surprised when I opened the very pretty lavender, ribbon tied, gift box this necklace came in. It is really outstanding. It looks expensive. The quality and workmanship are excellent. The necklace is light(not flimsy), comfortable and smooth on the neck. It stays in place. The stones are sparkly clear with a lot of depth and fire. The color is brilliant. The stones are perfect color. They are not that faded green, neither are they that real limey color. Most importantly, all the stones match in color, fire, and depth. The stones are set in that Chevron "V", and the setting is flexible. The flexibility of the setting, when stones are closely set together, is a sure sign of quality workmanship. The chain is 16"-18" adjustable length. It's a strong, beautiful, attached chain. The necklace has a white gold finish. I would have paid well over a hundred dollars for this necklace, but I'm glad I didn't have to. Another reviewer said she purchased this as a gift. I'm sure her daughter in law was thrilled to receive it. Peridot is my birthstone, and not usually a favorite of mine, but this one is a real beauty. If you like peridot, you will absolutely love this piece. Peora is the seller and manufacturer of this necklace. Delivery was free and super speedy. Thanks, Peora. <end>  More beautiful than I imagined it would be.  This necklace is for my daughter-in-law's birthday. Her birthstone is Periodot which is an unusual color in my opinion. I can't tell you how beautiful this necklace is. I love it. The Company sent it quickly. I would never hesitate to do business with this company again. Thanks. <end>  Made the Girlfriend Happy  I bought this necklace because of the great reviews and it's a looker! It proved a success for my fianc&eacute;e's birthday. A+ Recommend <end>  Great gift  I bought this as a gift for my daughter whose birthday was in August. She loves it! <end>  Great buy  I bought this as a birthday gift for my sister. She was very pleased with the gift. I highly recommend it esp for the August birthdays. <end>
 B000O3NF14  Marvellous 6.50 carats total weight Marquise Shape Garnet Multi-Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Elegant and simple  It went well with the bracelet I got for my wife and looks good on fair skinned and blonde headed people. <end>  Birthday birthstone present.  After looking at many other sites and many different styles, we ordered this necklace. When it arrived,we were very pleased with the quality. Gave it to our daughter for her 37th Birthday and she loves it.Delivery time was faster than expected. <end>  Gorgeous!  This necklace is soooo pretty. I've ordered a number of necklaces lately and this is my favorite. I just love it. <end>  Beautiful  This was a gift that was sent to someone else & they thought it was beautiful. <end>
 B000O3NGHC  Classic Beauty Marquise & Round Shape Created Sapphire & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very pretty and excellent quality for price.  This necklace looks the same in real life as it does in the picture, and I think it is both very pretty and high-quality in appearance. It was delivered promptly and in a nice box. I liked it so much I wore it for my wedding! The image does not show the rest of the chain--which is a sort of fine box-chain. One star off because I would have preferred a smoother-looking chain to fit the polish of the front of the necklace, and because the sapphires were not quite perfectly set (although you could only tell with close scrutiny). A very good value for price and I would certainly buy similar items from this company again. <end>
 B000O3P43G  Luxurious Round Shape White CZ Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beutiful - but possible a little too princessy  This necklace really is a stunner.I've been wedding shopping and buying lots of jewelry here (mostly from Peora) because it's affordable and high quality. Some pieces were too dainty, and some over-the-top. This necklace might be too much. It looks like it's made for a princess. I mean, a real royal-family princess. Which I'm not, so I'm not sure I can pull it off. It looks too real to seem like "obviously costume" jewelry but too big to be believably real.I ordered it at the same time as Peroa's "Inspired Elegance" earrings. This necklaces matches those earrings perfectly (and it all matches my round cut 4-prong engagement ring), and those earrings are definitely the winners for the wedding. This necklace is beautiful, but the diamonds and whole piece is large enough that people will wonder if it's fake or if you rented/bought a $40,000 piece of jewelry. So my bind is also that it actually will give away that the Inspired Elegance earrings I love are fakes (it looks like a set although sold separately)!But it's beautiful and I might still wear it. But if you want to wear it formally - realize, it's enough that it's a statement piece. And if you are extremely wealthy you could probably pull this off and have people assume it's real. It looks that good. <end>  Gorgeous Necklace  I bought this and wore in my wedding and absolutely love it. It is gorgeous and I got lots of compliments on it. <end>
 B000O3P4OA  Trendy 2.50 carats total weight Oval & Round Shape Amethyst Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  nice necklace  Nice necklace but the chain is thin and it isn't as substantial as the picture shows. Pretty gems and nice color. <end>
 B000O3P4W2  Eye catchy 2.50 carats total weight Pear & Round Shape Peridot Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  beautiful necklace  I purchased this product for my sister's birthday. We live 3 hours apart and I wanted something that could be delivered directly to her. Since her birthday is in August, I decided her birthstone, peridot was the way to go. After searching many sites online, I found this beautiful necklace through Amazon. It was delivered quickly to her in a pretty box and she was delighted when she opened it. I haven't seen it in person yet, but she was thrilled and told me how gorgeous it is. <end>  Excellent value  I think this product has a very interesting look, and it won't break the bank. It looks beautiful on my wife, and she really likes it. <end>  Beautiful & reasonable  I bought earrings with the Peridot gems and this necklace matched perfectly. I received many compliments. It looks expensive, can be worn with many different outfits (cocktail, church, business casual). I definitely would use this distributor again. The product came in a timely manner. <end>  Cheap construction or bad luck?  This necklace is very pretty, but the chain broke the first time I wore it. I don't know if the construction was cheap or if I just had a defective necklace. <end>
 B000O3PT5O  MLB St. Louis Cardinals Dangle Earrings ||	  Studs are Better  These are a little larger than I expected and they don't come with rubber backs. The STL logo on the pair I received isn't as white as the picture shows. I also ordered the studs and they are a better size and are whiter. I would suggest getting the studs if you are trying to decide between the two. The studs match the necklace well. <end>  Buyer beware  These are nice looking earrings, but the package says that they contain a chemical that is known to be cancerous in California. As a result, the package says that they are not for kids aged 12 and under. It would have been nice to know that before I bought them for my nine-year old daughter, <end>  Nice Quality  Nice Quality, durable, love that they are white with blue. Gave as a present to a HUGE STL fan and she was so excited to finally have something different than all the ones with Red on them. <end>  Super cute!  I love my Cardinals! These earrings were the talk of all my cardinal friends. They are not cheaply made thick but not heavy. I will be getting more products from this company! <end>
 B000O3R704  Sterling Silver Red Genuine Sea Bamboo Coral Stone Bead Long Necklace 30" ||	  AMAZING!  THIS NECKLACE IS BEAUTIFUL. I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THE QUALITY OF IT, AND IT SHIPPED REALLY FAST. <end>  Msp  It was a gift to my best friend, she never use it because it's to long the wear around the neck <end>
 B000O5X9RW  Connoisseurs Jewelry Cleaner-0.6 Fl Oz ||	  Use caution with this product  The first piece of jewelry I put into this solution was ruined. It was Sterling Silver but it was turned black and could not be cleaned to original state. I'm not sure what chemical reaction took place, but I did not use the product on any more jewelry! <end>
 B000OB63HE  Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Peridot Chip Earrings (9-10mm) ||	  beautiful earrings  These earrings are high quality, very beautiful, and come in a partiotioned jewelry pouch to keep the pearls from being damaged. VERY happy with purchase. <end>  OK for "starter" earrings for a pre-teen ...  Amazon sent an ad for longer drop-earrings, which would have been too ostentatious for my neighbor's twelve-year-old daughter, so I looked around and found these in a more appropriate length.I was a little disappointed when I began reading the reviews; some buyers were satisfied, some not. Since peridot is Amy's birthstone and the picture so appealing, I decided to take a chance.When they arrived, there were some things I liked about them, some things not, but I'm still giving them to her because I figure she's young and they will serve adequately as "starter" earrings. Like most of us, she'll probably lose or break one before too long anyway. So what the heck! Meanwhile, she'll get some enjoyment from them.The peridot chips are a nice size and, actually, quite lovely--a popular shade of green that's uniform throughout the stones--but the pearls leave much to be desired. As other reviewers noted, the pearls have flaws and are NOT round as the picture depicts. I think I "hit" and "missed" on this product because, though flawed, at least both pearls are flawed in the same way, giving them a uniform appearance.If you're not seeking perfection in these earrings and consider them to be a "fresh and fun way to wear pearls," then I can recommend them. I would definitely not recommend them for a discerning woman, but for pre-teen or teen girls who are seeking their first adult jewelry, it's a good way to start.I think Amy will see the beauty in the colors and style, thus delighting in this gift, so I'm not returning them. I'll know for sure in August when her birthday rolls around.Reviewed by  Betty Dravis, 2008author of  The Toonies Invade Silicon Valley <end>  Not As Pictured! Returning for Credit  I purchased a pair of these earrings to be used as a stocking stuffer for my daughter on Xmas. I thought that they looked very beautiful in the stock picture and the positive feedback they had received from the first reviewer made me think that they would be just like the picture. I was wrong! The pearls I received on both earrings are NOT Round or Oval for that matter. Both pearls look like a two piece snowman. The pearls are eggplant shaped and have a crease/groove running around them about 2/5 the way down from the top of them. Look at my uploaded photos to see for yourself. I'm sending these back right away. Luckily they didn't cost much so I won't have to be out a lot of money while waiting for the refund credit! <end>  Horribly, horribly ugly  I completely agree with the person who said the pearls are snowman-shaped and have a large ugly groove in them. And the grossly malformed pearl was attached to the peridot chips at a crooked angle, so they don't even hang right.Ugly, ugly, ugly. <end>  Pretty earrings for price  I purchased these for some bridesmaids to wear in my summer wedding. Good color & nice weight. Matched the "meadow" green dresses perfectly. Peridot is linked to "matrimonial happiness...." <end>  Pretty but too dainty for its own good  I bought these for my sister for her birthday with the accompanying bracelet. Both are very nice looking pieces of costume type jewelry. Not lavish but cute. The earrings are not put together well. Within an hour of putting them on, she lost the pearl out of one earring. It just fell off. We found it eventually and put it back on but now she's too scared to wear them again. <end>  Oh, well.....  These poor little earrings! A sprinkle of peridot chips atop what could have been a singularly lovely teardrop-shaped pearl - if it didn't have a groove that goes around it, smack dab in the middle! Did someone have to use forceps when they harvested these? It would cost more for me to send them back than to keep them - I wouldn't even give these away as a gift (not to someone I actually liked, at least). <end>  Hit or Miss?  If you're looking for perfection in these earrings, then these arent for you. From a distant, these looked good enough and satisfied me enough to keep; nice green color with pearls, can't really go wrong.Unlike the picture where it shows SMOOTH oblong pearls, mine had lines horizontally around each pearl, so because the lines were on BOTH earrings, they were uniform in imperfection. Also, from a distant, it's not noticeable. The size is just right, not small that it goes unnoticed, but not big and gaudy either. Nice weight, won't weigh down your lobes.However, I also purchased these in the amethyst, but the amethyst were terrible. The purple colored looked bleach in spots and the pearls on those were so bug-like and fake with terrible lines right down it, that it looked like plastic. I ended up returning those.So I can definitely see that these can be a hit or miss.I liked these though  affordable, nice color combination, nice size and unique. <end>  Just like the amethyst ones  If you don't expect round pearls and don't care that your pearls have these icky looking threads running around the middle of it, then these will do if you want pearl and peridot earrings. I like the color and really debated whether to return them or not because of the crappy pearl, but hey hopefully no one will be fascinated by the lovely color contrast and want to get a closer look. I'm never buying another pearl jewelry from Amazon because of these pearl earrings though. <end>  adorable!  I love these. One of the pearls was perfectly shaped but yes, the other one had a groove around the top edge as the other reviewers mentioned. The grooves on the ones that I received are not hugely noticeable though, so I kept them. I'm sure no one would notice if they were standing a normal distance away from you. <end>  Don't waste your money  I would rate these as zero if it was possible. They don't even deserve 1 star. They look nothing like the great picture shown on Amazon. I didn't know pearls could be so misshapened and ugly. <end>
 B000OB9K9M  White Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Peridot Drop Pendant on Silk Cord with Sterling Silver Clasp ||	  Simple and elegant  Bought it for a girlfriend as part of her birthday president and she loved it. Simple and elegant and goes with a lot of outfits (so she says) <end>  White Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Peridot Drop Pendant on Silk Cord with Sterling Silver Clasp  This product is very simple and inexpensive. I was very impressed with the quality for the price. I really liked this product. The silk rope was perfect for my wife who has certain jewlery allergies. It is really good that this product also comes in different colors and stones. <end>  perfect necklace  Among all my necklace, this one received the most compliment. Goes well with both causal and formal dress. <end>  Unique and stunning  Just like the other reviews, I was extremely impressed with how unique and different theFreshwater Cultured Pearl and Peridot Drop Pendant on Silk Cordis. The pearl is large and has a lot of luster. The heart shaped peridot is multi-faceted and adds plenty sparkle. The cord is silky soft and lays perfectly. The only thing I noticed is that the pendant has the tendency to lay off-centered.It is elegant enough to wear with a formal dress and adds pizazz to casual wear such as a tee and jeans. This would also make a wonderful bridesmaids gifts since it comes in so many different colors.Complete the look with matching earrings Sterling Silver White Freshwater Cultured Pearl Drop Earrings <end>  Pretty piece and excellent value.  This necklace exceeded my quality expectations. It is very pretty, arrived promptly, and I am seriously considering ordering additional colors. I definitely felt I got my money's worth. <end>  Fashionable and Functional  Bought this as a V-Day present for my wife and she loves it. It's just the right size IMO -- not too big and gaudy, not too small and insignificant. Aside from it's style, she specifically likes the clasp and the way it hangs. Came with a nice jewelry bag for presentation purposes. <end>  Pearl and Peridot necklace  I purchased this necklace as a gift for my 14 year-old-granddaughter. She absolutely loved it. All of the retro look clothes made the silk cord "chain" a hit. The drop itself is lovely. The peridot is well cut and of beautiful color; the freshwater pearl is substantial size and very pretty. <end>  Beautiful!  I ordered this necklace as a gift for my sister. It came when it was supposed to, and it looks absolutely beautiful! I'm sure she will love it! It is exactly what I wanted. <end>  not quite as described  I am surprised that the other reviewers didn't emphasize the problem with the size of the cord in relation to the charm and the awkward, stiff and lopsided way it makes the charm hang. This is a very pretty charm on a piece of cord that is actually too thick for the charm to hang naturally from. I had to take it off the cord and out it on a silver chain. It is pretty, but it doesn't really work as delivered. I also notice that the description says "sterling silver clasp" and it does not have any such thing. The cord is simply knotted on one end and looped on the other, as seen in the pictures. This actually made it easier to remove the charm, so it was a good thing. I received it as a gift so I can't complain about value, but I want people to know there is a glitch, especially if giving as a gift and won't get to see it, yourself. <end>  Pearl and Peridot drop pendant  This is a beautiful pearl droplet on Silk Cord which is blue in colour. Looks terrific on the person I gave to. Did not purchase for myself but as a gift. Many thanks.............Anna <end>  No what I had thought  The pearl was great! However, the silk cord is too hard to get on and is not big enough for an adult to wear <end>  Cultured pearl & peridot drop pendantt  Cord is darker than shown, but otherwise satisfied - very dainty and good buy for the price. Am satisfied with purchase and service. <end>
 B000OKXXEQ  14k Yellow Gold Channel-Set Diamond Hoop Earrings (1/3 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Great little earrings  These are great little earrings. They are a little smaller than I expected when I ordered them, but they are good quality and very pretty. I wear them nearly every day. <end>  DON'T ORDER THESE IF YOU WANT TO KEEP THEM.  I thought these were the greatest pair of earrings in the world when I received them. They are a perfect size, and not too dressy. I got a pair of these at Christmas, and lost one within a few weeks. I thought it was me. My daughter gave them to me, so I ordered another set to replace the lost one. It has also gone missing in the house twice. I am looking at getting some sort of guard made. The clasp doesn't work very well at all. <end>  Poor quality clasp  The clasp on these earrings are of a very poor quality. The 1st set I received was defective. There are no backs on the earrings because of the circle. The post "clicks" into the opposite end of the earring. I got my replacement set quickly and they worked for about 1 week and now they no longer "click" and I have already had 1 fall out while at work. <end>
 B000OM8VMS  14k White Gold 3-Stone Round-Cut Shared Prong Earrings (1 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  picture looks big than actual earrings  I think they should have taken a picture beside a person's ear. This was too small, like a kids jewelry! I had to return it. <end>
 B000OPRCI4  Jigsaw Puzzle Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Can you put the pieces together?  I purchased these as a gift for a dear friend.He was very pleased with them and actually wears him quite often. He's also received compliments from others as they are unique.Good quality and affordable. I will NEVER pay $80 for those so called "designer brads" cuff links. <end>  Not too good Not bad at all  The cufflinks came in the exact same shape as advertised and the quality looks pretty good too. The downside is that the size of the shape is a little big for my taste it takes away any stylish look <end>  Nice different gift  I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend and looked for something different and these fit my search! Nice quality! <end>  Big fan, love the cufflinks!  Big fan, love the cufflinks! I get compliments on them all the time! I wanted something a little different but also nice and these definitely fit. I wish they changed the direction of the pieces so that they covered the cufflink-hole in the shirt better, but not a big deal. Still really like them! <end>  GREAT PRODUCT  The cuff links are really nice and arrived quickly. The selection is great so I will be buying more in the future. <end>
 B000OQHO5E  Sterling Silver Orange Fiber Optic Moon Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Split band adjustable ring.  This ring is just okay. I don't like that it is adjustable. Why is it listed by size if it is adjustable. I never would have ordered it. Not only do I think adjustable rings are uncomfortable, they also look cheap. The face is okay, but not nearly as nice as I expected. I bought this when it was on sale and am still sending it back. <end>  sad little ring  I ordered this ring because I enjoy silver jewelry. Well the ring is filmsy and not very strong. They asked for a size and the ring is an adjustable band, yuk. The stone though pretty looks like plastic, buyer beware I guess. It's the first time I have been disappointed in a purchase from Amazon. <end>  stunning but not orange  This ring is displayed as orange, it is actually the blue one. Nonetheless, it is really lovely and unique! It appears to be of good quality at a great price. <end>  very cute  I get tons of compliments on this ring. I was also a bit disappointed when I saw that it was adjustable, but I got over it after seeing it on. The way the light dances in it is great. <end>  Unusual and eye catching  I ordered this on a sale and was very happy when I saw it. I didn't know what "fiber optic" was, but I did read elsewhere that it is glass; the same type of glass they use to make fiber optic cables. Maybe that means it is clearer or something. It does have tiny little lines inside it so it has this nice luster as the light moves across it almost like a satin fabric shines.I don't mind the adjustable band especially since it is easily to change sizes or different fingers. The overall size of the face and the radiating bezel is about the size of a penny. I think it looks more like a sun face than a moon (because of the setting) and the color (which is like an apricot color.) It makes me think of summer sunshine every time I wear it. My sister liked it so much that I got her one and the blue fiber optic earrings (also by Sajen.) I have received many compliments on it during the first few weeks I have owned it. <end>
 B000OR5YSW  14k Yellow Gold Round Diamond Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  very good quality  The diamond looks pretty big. For the price, it shines brilliantly. The color doesn't look very white though. But you don't expect K color to be very white. Overall, I think it's pretty. and I am very happy with it. <end>  Are you lucky enough?  I bought 2 of these rings when it was 70% off.Thus, the quality/price ratio is very good.However, the I3 clarity is impossible to satisfy everyone.There is something in the diamonds. You can see it with naked eyes.In sum, it's just a diamond ring on the right hand. And don't let your friends have a close look on it. I think it's OK for the $47 I paid. <end>  Good deal  This is a good deal  $50 for a 1/4 carat ring. The ring looks good. I would buy another if this deal appears again. <end>  Made my morning!!!  I just received this ring this morning and it is outstanding. I was worried that it would have black pieces all through it. I am no expert, but I did not see one black mark. It is a little cloudy, but overall looks great. If you are on a budget and need a really nice ring, buy this. <end>
 B000OTPQ6K  Canadian Nickel "Beaver" Two Tone Gold on Silver World Coin Tie Tack ||	  Very Happy with my tie pin  The Canadian nickel tie tack is nicely made and ver unique. My orser was processed really quickly and was packed very well so that case and tie tack were well protected. I would certainly purchase from the vendor again in the future. <end>
 B000OURBNK  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Garnet Stone 4mm Bead Link Necklace ||	  SO SMALL!  I bought three of these necklaces for my bridesmaids and returned them the day after they were delivered. The beads were so small that you could hardly tell what color they were! I was extremely disappointed. <end>
 B000OV32UA  14k White Gold Diamond Heart Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  Beautiful just as described  The item arrived with an authenticity certificate.Beautiful white gold shine and diamond was securily set. <end>  Small diamond, but ring is nice.  I purchased this ring about a year ago in the white gold and have worn it daily since. The diamond is tiny and doesn't stand out much, but for the price it's a nice enough ring. When I received the ring the white gold was shiny and bright.Now, a year later, the white gold plating has worn off and the ring has a very noticeable yellow tinge. Just a thought when purchasing white gold rings, plan to save money to have the ring replated because it won't stay white forever. <end>  Love this ring!  I love this ring! It was very reasonably priced, and is very cute. I bought it for myself for my birthday, and I wear it every day! Perfect gift or just to treat yourself <end>  Just what Ive been looking for!  I had been searching for an open heart ring in white gold for quite along time before I came across this ring! I even went into a jewelry store to see what it would cost to make one. It was ridiculous! So one day I searched through amazon and found this lovely ring. At first I just wanted a plain open heart ring, I never thought of a diamond accent. Well it ended up I purchased it on sale and I was surprised that the diamond accent does sparkle! I purchased this ring one year ago and I have worn it every day since. It still looks as the day I received it! I wont be surprised if it does eventually get a yellow tinge because all white gold eventually does. I am extremely happy that I found this ring! <end>  Pretty much get what you see.. A Pretty ring!  I purchased this ring as a gift for our 13 year-old niece who just became a Bat-Mitzvah. She is the girl who has EVERYTHING (tiffany jewelry, 1st diamond earrings from her parents, Vera bradley bags in every color and style, ipod, cell phone- you name it she has it) My point is that she was very hard to shop for and I didn't just want to give her cash. I wanted her to have something that she'd always remember we gave to her.I searched for MONTHS (3 to be exact, and some items were just too mature looking, others were way out of my price range and other items seemed like they might be too cheap (as in the lack of quality). This ring in white gold is an outstanding value compared to what I could find at a local jeweler. I wanted white gold, and thought a heart would be appropriate. Well, I couldn't touch anything like this for under $350 discounted at the jewelry store, so I immediately came home after looking, and purchased this ring.The white gold looks stunning and it won't tarnish like silver. I didn't expect a 13 year-old girl, to actually use a polish cloth. So silver was OUT (which is what the lovely clerks at the store kept trying to sell me, because my price limit was $150-$170 MAX.) The size 5 fit her ring finger perfect, and from the second she opened it- she put it on- and I could tell she loved it and felt like a mature young lady.The diamond is small-but surprisingly sparkly- so don't expect a miracle in a $149 ring that is 14K white gold! Given the size, I would really give the review 4.5 stars, but like I said, you get what you pay for, and so, at this price, it is a 5 star ring well worth it. What you are paying for is the white gold (not the diamond) which isn't thin looking. The ring, in my opinion looks and feels solid.While I did buy this for a teen- I would wear it too. I love hearts, and think it is really an adorable ring for the money. <end>  returned  I got this as a gift but returned it when I saw it. The diamond had a very flat top and was sunk so far down that it was barely visible. The gold seemed good but the diamond ruined the ring. <end>
 B000OV821Y  Sterling Silver Green Cats Eye Stone 8mm Bead Stud Earrings ||	  Cats Eye Stud Earrings  Product looks exactly as represented, except they were a little larger than expected. Very pretty though. Arrived quickly, too. <end>
 B000OVHTZY  10 Black Velvet Earring Display Tree Jewelry Showcase ||	  Earring Stands  The metal backs used to hold the stand up keep breaking off. Out of the 10 shipped, only 6 still stand. I'll have to break out some glue to put the others back together. <end>  Good product, frustrating merchant  The product was fine, but I was taken to the Amazon site to check out, without realizing it. There was very poor communication on the part of the seller as far as the item listing, and extremely poor response to my complaint. <end>
 B000OVHUXK  Black Foam 15 Gem Stone Jars Box Travel Tray Display ||	  Great product.  This box is a great way to present lose gem stones. For > 20 kt loose gem stones, I cut half the foam on an internal plug so that it more easily fits the larger stones. <end>
 B000OVHWME  100 Silver Jewelry Display Cotton Gift Storage Boxes ||	  100 piece gift jewelry box assortment  the product i recieved was nice it came in a timley matter faster than i expected will order this item again <end>
 B000OVI0YS  100 Gray String Price Tags Jewelry Ring Sale Display ||	  Gray String Tags  These tags are of great quality. One of them went thru the wash and it was still intact. They seem to have a plastic coating on them. Make sure that you have a fine tip paint pen to write on them. Regular markers (even a sharpie) won't work. The ink will rub off. It has to be a paint pen or something similar to that. Once I got the paint pen, they were great. I have reorderd. <end>  Good ones  Yep I like these tags make my business run smoother and easy to use. Great delivery service and I enjoy this product. Thank you <end>
 B000OVJZB0  30 Teardrop Chain Extender Jewelry Necklace Silver Plated ||	  Buying online is tricky  The chain in this product is a lot thicker than it looks. It's not for fine delicate jewelry... unfortunately I'm stuck with a product I can't use <end>
 B000OVK4H4  1000 White Button Sale Tags Jewelry Price Display 9/16" ||	  my review  very much what i was hoping to get ... and more!very good for the price and usability <end>
 B000OVNSNQ  100 Jewelry Price Tags Chain Ring String Sale Display ||	  Business details  Fast a no convenient way of obtaining business necessities. They arrived onetime and are just what I needed. Great value as well. <end>  Slippery tags  Not good for writing with a pen because paper is too glossy. So ink doesn't stick. I am really disappointed. <end>  Wont order again  Sent me Earing display cards. wont wast my time or money on this again. since they cant seem to fill an order correctly <end>  exactly what I wanted  These work great for labeling jewelry. I ordered them for work and they are working out perfectly. They look neat and are easy to attach to small pieces of body jewelry. <end>
 B000OVPAVE  3 Black Rubber Ring Finger Jewelry Holder Showcase Display Stands ||	  Exactly what I was looking for  Practical as well as economical. First most ring sizes well (except larger men's rings) and doesn't gather dust like velvet. <end>  Does the job  Does the job, cheapest ones I could find. Still think they could lower the price a bit.Blah la oo la ya romba ooo ah ahh <end>
 B000OVPCS0  12 Bow Tie Earring Gift Boxes Blue Silver Jewelry Box ||	  Pretty boxes  The shipment came out on time and this boxes are very pretty! it was exactly what I was looking for. Of the 12 boxes 2 of them were not finished right they were defective. but I could use the ones I needed. If I was going to give a star rating I will give them a 4 out of 5. <end>
 B000OVPDJ8  Pink & Black Magnetic Lid Necklace Pendant Gift Box Display ||	  Made of cheap corrugated colored cardboard that I could of done myself!  I would give this negative stars if I could. I could of made this myself for less money. Once I saw how cheaply this gift box was constructed I quickly put it back in the box and returned it for a full refund. It is not at all how it is described or pictured. It is constructed of colored corrugated cardboard. There are dents, holes and glue marks everywhere. I am still in shock how much this cost me! It resembled something my child would of made for me in kindergarten as a project for Mother's Day. I have posted some REAL pictures under the product page so you can see for yourself. <end>  Terrible quality not worth the price  for over $15 I was expecting at least a nice looking gift box. Instead I got a "gift" box with glue all over the place and with poorly finished edges. It honestly looks as if it would have been made by a 5 year old. <end>  Yuck  I purchase boxes for handmade jewelry, but had to toss these, would be a loss to return. They looked like dime store finds and made my jewlery look cheap. <end>  Condition of Product  The item itself was what I expected, but the box had sticky stuff on the back and a stain on the pink front.A little disappointing since I purchased it as a gift box. <end>  Excellent deal for the price...  This gift box closes perfectly and looks great! The only drawback in craftsmanship is that when you lift out the insert to tuck the necklace behind (at least ours) has a lip of the cardboard sticking out past the white velvet. It is not a big deal, you cannot see any flaws in this at all when it is set in as it should be for display. The flip top makes this wonderful for gift giving so that you do not have to wrap it and you are able to have it held upright to keep the necklace laying correctly for gift display when the recipient pops the top open. The only thing we did with this was punch two small holes for the matching earrings for the complete set. Do wished they offered other color choices and had options for earrings and bracelets for a complete set. Overall, this is an excellent purchase and I do plan on purchasing a few more! <end>
 B000OWFWPM  14K Yellow Gold 3-Band Rolling Ring ||	  Very Comfortable Ring!  This ring is comfortable as well as attractive. It is very easy to get on and off with the "rolling" action, especially if your fingers happen to be a little swollen one day. If you tend to fiddle with your jewelry like I do, you will really love playing with this ring as you go through the day. I love this piece! <end>
 B000OWHK70  AugustinaJewelry Double Strand 7-7.5 Inches 7-8mm Black Freshwater Cultured Pearl Bracelet ||	  Augustina Double Strand  Got this as a gift for my mom. She liked it very much. The color is rather unique and she loved them. <end>  OK, not worth the price  Bought this for a girlfriends birthday. It came in a nice but very plain box and was shipped quickly. Upon opening the box it had a cheezy 'appraisal certificate' that was dated in 2007, claiming the bracelet was worth $830. Yeah, right! I don't think so.Anyway, it's nice, the quality is decent. But basically this is overpriced for what it is. <end>
 B000OWIIDU  Genuine Freshwater Cultured White Pearl Amethyst Stone Chip stretch Bracelet ||	  Beautiful  I could not be happier with this purchase. Deep purple stones; large chips; all polished; and lustrous white pearls, off-round, but appropriate for a casual bracelet. I may buy more as gifts. <end>
 B000OX9TZ0  10K Yellow Gold Signet Ring ||	  Delicate and beautifully finished.  The ring is exactly what I was looking for. It is small, but perfect for my pinky (the engraving part has 7mm).I just got it, but, it looks quite strong to be wear every day. <end>  Satisfied but wrong thing  The ring was of great quality but I ordered the wrong thing. I wanted a pinky ring for a Gent and it was too small. <end>
 B000OX9VCG  14K Yellow Gold Men's Signet Ring With Brush Finished Top ||	  not impressed.  I was not impressed with this product and neither was my jeweler. It taught me a lesson about buying jewelery online. I ended up having to melt down a bracelet to fill in the inside of the ring because the interior was hollow and scraped my husband's finger. <end>
 B000OX9VMG  14K Yellow Gold Men's Signet Ring With Brush Finished Top ||	  Signet Ring  Wonderful value, amazing spreed of shipping. Couldn't have wished for more/ Will deal with them again without hesitation. Ryan went out of his way to acommodate my order. <end>
 B000OXBN1I  Platinum Diamond Anniversary Band Ring ||	  Excellent value  After 20 years of marriage, my husband and I upgraded my ring two years ago. We bought a beautiful 2 carat diamond in a platinum setting with additional .70 carats of channel set diamonds. As we spent alot then, we didn't buy a matching band at that time. We decided to go ahead and buy a band this year, so I did alot of comparison shopping on line. The place where we bought my ring in Atlanta hand a platinum band with diamonds similar in size as my engagement ring setting and the price was around $1800 or more (.35 carat TW). I found a beautiful ring at Costco that was larger (.5 carat TW) but the diamonds were elevated and didn't sit against my engagement ring well. The Costco ring was $1000 but a great value! I decided to check out Amazon and liked this ring by Diva Diamonds. I read alot of the reviews and saw many people thought the actual rings were smaller than they thought. Now obviously, enlarged pictures have to be used, but I don't think this ring was misrepresented. Compared with the Costco ring that was .5 carats -- I'd have to say, this ring is not as large -- however, the savings was about $200. (Costco ring was $1000 plus $50 sales tax -- this ring on Amazon was $849 tax free!) The Costco ring was .5 carats with 10 diamonds -- the Diva Diamonds was .5 carats with 11 diamonds - so obviously the diamonds are smaller. However, they actually match my ring better because with 11 diamonds they spread out further across the band like the ones on may engagement ring setting. One thing I didn't like about the Diva Diamond process is that they only provide a certicate of authenticity -- but nothing to document what type of diamonds are in the ring (clarity, color and carat weight). The Costco ring included a GIA certificate with all the diamond specs included. I wouldn't buy from them if I was buying anything with a significant sized diamond without a GIA certificate, but for a ring like this, I'm fine. I personally don't think this ring is exactly .5 carats -- probably closer to .4 carats, but it works perfectly with my ring, the diamonds sparkle the same as my engagement ring, the platinum is a good weight and it was significantly less money! Shipping was fast, too!! Ordered on a Friday and received on Tuesday! <end>
 B000OYMRIK  Sterling Silver Citrine 7-Stone Ring, Size 9 ||	  7 Stone Citrine Ring  I love this ring and I'm leaving it on.One of the attributes of Citrine is 'success' so it's nice to have that little reminder every day.The ring is well made and slender enough to wear with another if you wish. Very cute! <end>  Unbelievable for the price....  I bought this for my daughter and she was thrilled. This solid sterling silver ring with the 7 citrine stones is amazing for the price...(it was under $4.00!) It is very well made and looks very pretty and sparkling. It stacks well with other rings which is what really excited my daughter the most. (I also bought the peridot and cz ones for her to stack) It's an exceptional buy for a young girl since it is high quality yet priced that it is not painful if lost.(I ordered 2 more for potential last min unexpected time crunch gifts) <end>  disappointing  this ring was shiny and sparkling when it arrived, but soon turned dull. I've cleaned it with no luck. It wasn't worth returning, but doubt I'll wear it much because it looks tacky. <end>  Pretty & Good Value  My first time trying jewelry at Amazon. I was pleased with fast delivery, the ring is well made and has clear sparkling citrines. I use it for a thumb ring and would order others in other colors when on sale. <end>  Very pretty citrine ring!  Sterling Silver Citrine 7-Stone Ring, Size 6Adorable, highest quality. I would wear this everyday. 5 stars. <end>
 B000OYMUA0  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 6 ||	  BLING!!!!  The ring is a real knock out!! I get lots of compliments and it is the bling i was looking for.The prongs are sturdy and it is made well. <end>  Dazzling  I am so happy with this purchase. This ring is gorgeous. It sparkles like the real thing. I wouldn't buy a real diamond this large, but this is a fun conversation piece. It was worth the money spent, and I hope to get years of enjoyment. <end>  great ring  very nice and large .... catches the light just right and looks great .... size was right on .... came very quick .... was np w/ the package it came in ... great ring for the price ... it looks like it cost a lot more then it does <end>  Simple and Sweet  This is a simple and rather adorable ring. I have a small frame and this ring is so big that it really stands out without distracting from my outfit. It's clean and modern looking and can be worn with just about anything. Plus, you just can't beat the price! Definitely a fun piece to add to the jewelry box!Warning  If you are looking for something that could be mistaken for real this is NOT the ring for you. <end>  Beautiful!...love it!  It's a wonderful ring, sparkling all the time, very attractive to the eye and beautifully done. It's not an everyday ring in my oppinion, because sparkles a lot, the stone is very big and well cutted and I didn't find any imperfection but it's ok for other occasions (not necessarily for special occasions!). I'm glad with this purchase and I keep the ring for myself! <end>
 B000OYN0UY  Sterling Silver Round Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 6 ||	  Great product and service  I ordered this ring for my 23 year daughter the Monday before a Saturday Christmas. I was unwilling to bump for faster shipping to ensure Christmas delivery - so image my surprise when the ring arrived before Christmas. My daughter absolutely loves the ring. She normally buys her rings in size 6 but this particular style was sold out in all sizes except size 5. I went ahead and ordered the 5 and it fits perfect. She loves that this ring allows her ring finger to set tight against her pinky and middle finger without gaps. It has plenty of bling which she loves and yet it doesn't seem to catch or snag clothing. Very pleased with this company - their shipping speed and product. Will look to do business with them again. <end>  cheap looking ring  This ring looks like a glass ring, very basic and my normal size did not fit. Order one size up <end>
 B000OZFUBU  6mm Cubic Zirconia Dangle Leverback Earrings ||	  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful! I wear them as my everyday earrings. Very comfortable to sleep in and they have just enough sparkle. <end>
 B000OZFUFG  14 Karat Gold Earring Jackets. 1/2" High By 1/4" Wide ||	  earring jackets  These are small jackets, but the diamond studs are small, so they are perfect. They really enhance the diamonds. I had been searching for jackets and was thrilled to find gold jackets that were both affordable and not so large as to overwhelm the studs. While their small size would make them useful for a youngster, I'm well past that stage in life and they work fine for me, too. <end>
 B000OZT53O  Sterling Silver Heart-Shaped Mother and Child Pendant by Janel Russell, 18" ||	  Mother/Child necklace  I had been looking for a special necklace to give my daughter on the birth of her first baby - my first grandchild. So I looked until I thought this style was special. I think the design is quite nice - I love the heart shape that makes up the body of the mother and child pendant. Upon seeing the necklace in person, could it have been overpriced? It is sterling silver not gold. The chain is 18" long and very delicate. The pendant is lovely but small. Is it the design/designer I am paying for? <end>  what a deal!  i have been looking for a pendant for as long as i remember. then one day i saw it and i knew it was it!!! especially Mother's Day was coming and i wanted to have something special for my Mom. i fell in love with it from the first sight. really! heart shaped representing mother and a child love. perfect! i didn't hesitate a second, i got with just one click. <end>  Childs Necklace  This Necklace is very small. The necklace looks like a necklace for a small child not an adult. While it is pretty it is just not made for an adult. The box it comes in is plastic inside like cheap costume jewelry. If a young child bought this for there mother I'm sure the mother would love it. But adults this is just not a gift you would feel proud giving. <end>
 B000OZU2E0  Matte Silver Metal Business Card Holder ||	  overprized, even for $30  Flimsy and squeaky despite being new. Cheap black plastic is glued on the inside. The outside design is pretty much like on the picture. It's made in China. For the quite steep retail prize of $100 you can get silver plated items at the least. But even for the sale prize of $30 it is overprized. You can get the same quality for under $10. Prize-value-ratio is just not acceptable. <end>  One month later--still no item!  I purchased this product exactly one month before I was supposed to give it as a birthday present. Here I am two days before the birthday, and I have yet to receive it.Even more concerning, the phone number for this company no longer works and the email section pops up an error message when I try to submit my complaint. To be fair, I did receive a return phone call from a customer sales rep about two weeks ago. However, I don't have anything to show for my purchase and as of now, no course of action to get a refund! <end>  A Great Gift  Have sent this card holder to family and friends of all different ages for over two years. Always a winner! Ships quickly, looks great - and a Good Overall Value. Keep it up Amazon. <end>  Great Gift for Dad  I bought this gift for my dad and he loved it. This business card case is very handsome. This is the perfect gift for ones father or husband. Fast Shipping and good packaging provided by Harris Michael. <end>  Professional Look  This was a great gift idea! It is super sleek and professional looking at a great price. Once again I am impressed with Harris Michael products. <end>
 B000OZV0S2  Sterling Silver Mother and Child Pendant by Janel Russell, 18" ||	  So simple, says so much  My great friend just adopted a little boy, becoming a single mom. I gave her this pendant on the day the adoption became official, and it struck just the right note. The pendant is simple and subtle, but in just a few strokes beautifully expresses the bond between mother and child. The pendant is a good size, not overly large and costumey, but eye-catching and heavy enough to lay nicely. The box has a cut-out inside the lid, where all I had to do was slip in a small photo of my friend and her son, taking the plain little white box from boring to personal and thoughtful in two snips of the scissors. The pendant is sterling silver, so it looks great, and sent exactly the right message of support and congratulations to my friend. Her smile when she opened it, not to mention the way it looks on her, made this cunning little necklace well worth every penny. A thoughtful design that makes a thoughtful gift -- well done, Janel Russell. <end>  Wife loves this necklace  My wife really likes this necklace and wears it daily. Would recommend for any mother. <end>  Great Seller  Super fast shipping. Arrived three days after order using standard. Product in perfect condition. Highly recommended seller!!! <end>
 B000P0LI6A  #1 Grandma Charm Diamond-Cut 14k Gold 15mm ||	  Charm  This charm is very nice, and our mother loved it! It seemed a little big for her charm bracelet but it didn't matter to her since she was so excited to finally be a grandma. But I wouldn't recommend it for a bracelet, a necklace would be very nice! <end>  VERY NICE  very nice charm we got another chain and put this on it and it looks great and shipping was fast. VERY NICE!! <end>
 B000P0LQKI  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Horseshoe Pendant Necklace ||	  Perfect gift for a Colts fan  I got this necklace for my Mom who is a big fan of the Colts. She wears it every game day  ) <end>
 B000P0N9B2  Boxing Gloves Charm 14k Gold 14mm ||	  tiny  very small item, the price per gram is very high, I should have read the details more careful,it's my fault not the sellers. <end>
 B000P0N9VC  Snowflake Charm 14k White Gold 12mm ||	  Snowflake Charm  This the perfect size for a necklace. I have received so many compliments and can't wait to purchase another one. <end>
 B000P0NN9U  Edward Mirell Men's 6mm Polished Titanium Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  ring is fine, but doesnt look like the photo provided.  in the photo on this site, the ring appears to be dull, faintly brass colored. it looked like an inconspicuous option for men who arent interested in super shiny objects on their hand. well, this ring is very shiny, and has no gold/tan tint to it like in the photo. dont get me wrong, the ring isnt defective or anything, it just doesnt look like i expected it to based on the photo. it looks like a dark silver, shiny. i cant help but think the photo is of a different ring, or it was photoshopped or something. if youre looking for a dull, earthy looking ring like i was, this isnt the ring. its very shiny. good ring, just not the one i wanted. amazon was kind enough to issue me full credit for this discrepancy. <end>  Scratches easily, other than that, OK  This ring is fine - the size fit me perfectly. It's very light weight (which I like), and it fits well (size 11 really is size 11). However, it scratches much more easily than I was expecting, given it is titanium. I really like the color, just a little darker than white gold. For the money, an ok deal... <end>
 B000P0NNNG  Edward Mirell Titanium and Sterling Silver 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Great buy for the price!  This ring is fantastic! It is a perfect mix between traditional and non-traditional that makes this ring stand out. If you look at the picture, it almost looks like a copper type color, but it is not. The ring is silver with a brighter silver color in the middle. I don't know about how scratch resistant it is, but a month later it is still in good shape!If you are looking for something different, but not too different, this ring is for you! <end>
 B000P0PI5C  Edward Mirell Men's Grey and Black Titanium 9mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  9mm Grey & Black Titanium Wedding Band  It's a ring. Solid. Lightweight. Comfortable. What else more can you say about a ring. It does look very sharp - it doesn't look like or feel like it came from a gumball machine. Well worth the money. <end>
 B000P0QVCQ  Frog Charm Diamond-Cut 14k Gold 14mm ||	  Pleased  A bit smaller than I thought it would be. Maybe they should indicate the size with the description. Good product though. <end>
 B000P0QXRE  Angel Friend Heart Charm Reversible 14k Gold 14mm ||	  Angel Friend Charm  I bought this charm for my friend and was very pleased with it. It is a great charm and it was delivered very fast with great tracking. <end>
 B000P0R4AE  Edward Mirell Titanium and Sterling Silver 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Great buy for the price!  This ring is fantastic! It is a perfect mix between traditional and non-traditional that makes this ring stand out. If you look at the picture, it almost looks like a copper type color, but it is not. The ring is silver with a brighter silver color in the middle. I don't know about how scratch resistant it is, but a month later it is still in good shape!If you are looking for something different, but not too different, this ring is for you! <end>
 B000P1NY1Q  Bicycle Charms Galore Earrings ||	  Cute!  I bought these earrings for my mom for Christmas and she loved them! They were a little bigger than I was expecting them to be, and not quite as nice (I thought the bikes were made out of metal but they actually weren't), but she was happy with them - so I was too.  ) <end>
 B000P24FDG  NFL Pittsburgh Steelers Classic NFL Football Bracelet ||	  bad choice  I bought this item for my niece that's a Steelers fan . When I recieved it in the mail , I was so dissappointed with it , I never gave it to her . It's so cheap looking and cheaply made . It's maybe worth 50 cents . <end>  Neat Product  Purchased for my son's stocking at Christmas and he really liked it! The cool part is that it is made from genuine football material. <end>  Picture deceiving  Did receive this product on second order. The band is not nearly as wide as it appears on the image. It is slightly wider than the football shown. <end>  DON'T BUY  I wish I read the one review available before I purchased this. Just opened the one I ordered and this picture is misleading. It looks nice and somewhat bulky but it is super cheap looking. I am throwing it out instead of giving it to the person. <end>
 B000P3EPZS  Vintage Style Black and Silver CZ Pendant ||	  Low quality and overpriced  I got this pendant for my mom for mother's day and was surprised at the low quality. It looks like something you can get at Walmart for $10.00. The chain is cute, but I would not buy from this dealer again. <end>
 B000P3JHGK  Princess Cut Created Sapphire & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  disappointed  Although it looked lovely on screen, the necklace was so shiny it didn't look like silver, and scrolled part of the design was clunky, not delicate. Although the sapphire was pretty, the overall effect was cheap. I returned it. <end>
 B000P3LHMC  Sterling Silver Movable Sea Turtle Necklace, CH-1.9-16" ||	  Nice art  This is a nice item and described accurately according to size. I recommend ordering a better chain or using one you already have because the one supplied with it is not very high quality. <end>
 B000P41U5K  Men's Titanium 7mm Black and Gray Plain Wedding Band ||	  Don't bother.  Don't bother. Gets dirty really easily and gets all sorts of gunk in the two grooves. <end>
 B000P497LO  Wishbone Necklace ||	  Make a Wish  Everyone at work loved this, a great gift, at an excellent price. Fast shipping as well. <end>
 B000P4RR1G  14k White Gold Diamond Dangle Heart "Mom" Ring (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS  WHEN I SAW THIS RING ON AMAZON.COM I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.I LOVE HEART JEWERLY. ONCE I RECEIVED THIS RING I WAS SO GLAD THAT I HAD ORDERED IT. THIS RING IS VERY ELEGANT. I JUST LOVE MY DANGLE HEART BAND RING WITH THE DIAMONDS SPARKLING, OOO...SO NICE. GREAT BUY ALSO. <end>  chic little firecracker  What a great little sparkler. I bought this ring for my middle finger. The ring is well made and well thought out. Although it's a small ring and better suited for a lady with petite hands, the diamonds are clear and a great value for the price. The photo shows that the ring appears to have a high profile. Not so in person, it's all well balanced. If you are expecting a larger ring with a larger heart and big diamonds, then it's not the ring for you. If you expect a diminutive small diamond ring with a lot of fire, then buy it. I think it really looks best on a middle finger and it's true to size. <end>
 B000P4RRNE  14k White Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000P4RSFQ  Men's 14k Yellow Gold Black and White Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  Ring  Have not had ring sized yet. Will review to make sure it doesn't bend like last ring I bought. <end>  INCORRECT DESCRIPTION  Look! I know this ring is NOT available at this time, but as long as you have it listed you should tell the truth about it. I bought this ring from Amazon in 2007, and there is NO WHITE GOLD anywhere on it. That's just a photo-illusion. Plus, there are ONLY 30 DIAMONDS on it, not 34 as listed. You can count them yourself from the picture. Either CORRECT the description, or remove this item entirely from the listings. Thanks! <end>
 B000P4U63W  Amazon.com  Gold Rhodium Cufflinks And Stud | Soft Round Formal  Clothing ||	  Great Groomsman Gift  I gave these to the best men at my wedding. I had two best men on account of having two brothers. The cufflinks look great. They are quite nice, and well constructed. They aren't flashy in a bad way, although the box they came in was dull in a bad way. <end>
 B000P4VUWI  14k White Gold Round Blue Diamond Stud Earrings (3/8 cttw) ||	  Beautiful, but inclusions may be visible - buyer beware!  This item shipped very quickly (ordered on Wednesday, delivered the following Monday). Upon opening the box, I was very pleased as these really are gorgeous and the color is vibrant. The studs sparkled beautifully. Upon closer observation, however, one of the studs had a VERY obvious inclusion. It appeared as though it had been cut incorrectly but I do believe the flaw is within the diamond and not a manufacturing errror. The thing is, I was expecting to see flaws as these diamonds are clearly stated as "I2-I3" which means flaws will be visible to the naked eye. You can only see the flaw if you look very closely - when they are in my ears, they just sparkle beautifully and look great! The other stud looks great and I can't see any immediate flaws in it. These are a nice value and the studs are a very nice size (not too big, not too tiny), just be aware that when you buy this level of diamond, you are very likely to have visible inclusions/flaws. Amazon is not deceptive in this as the specs clearly state the quality of the diamonds. These earrings are still very pretty and I imagine I will be wearing them almost daily. <end>  Sparkling blue, good value.  These are very pretty - not being an expert, I don't see any visible defects in the diamonds, though they are rated I2-I3. This may be a result of their relatively small size (may not matter as much) and dark blue color (compared to a white diamond).Personally, I think these are better for a young woman or child (special jewelery) due to their small size (only 3/8 ct between two earings).I got 30% off the normal Amazon price - they were a good deal. <end>  amazon ROCKS!  I purchased these for my mother for christmas, when I received them they were really small for a grown women, child size really. I had absolutely no problem with returning them and getting a refund, minus the $ 3.95 shipping. I was very, very impressed with how efficient amazon handled my return and how quickly I received my refund, within two weeks. I will diffenitly continue to shop with amazon, however, I will be a little more cautious and read the description a little slower. <end>  Sheer Beauty  Blue is my favorite color, I've looked at the earrings in the stores, to pricey. Had to have these, breathtaking! <end>  Love them  I bought these for our daughter and she wears them constantly. She's very happy with them. <end>  Very poor qualiity.  bad quality closure.I was very disappointed when I received them. I thought they were of poor quality, the latch on one side was very loose, and the other side was very stiff (hence the bending of the shape) <end>  Blue Diamond Studlys  I never knew of any other color of diamonds than white, since most jewelery stores only carry only white diamonds. Just for fun, I Googled blue diamonds and a link to Amazon came up for a ring. So I searched Amazon for Blue Diamond Stud Earrings, and here we stand today.At some point later on, I plan on ordering the Black Diamond Stud Earrings, so I can alternate. I am happy with them, as they weren't as costly as white diamonds, and being a guy, they aren't too big of a stone, which means they aren't too flashy either. A good purchase all-in-all. <end>  My mother loves these  I bought these for my mother as a Christmas gift. She loves them! They are the perfect size and such a brilliant blue. Of course I noticed an inclusion or two but the price is right! I was very excited when they arrived and were just as lovely as I thought they would be. <end>  Not Worth It.  I have had it less than 6 months and the stone has fallen out. It does not last. Not well made. And I cannot find any warranty on Amazon.com Collection jewelry. I wish I had never bought it, it was a waste of money. <end>  Beautiful Diamonds  I can't believe anybody would return these. I buy a lot of jewelry including Hearts on Fire and Roberto Coin. These studs can definately compete with the high end brands. The color was more a turquoise than a blue which I absolutely love. Maybe the others didn't receive the same quality I did but I looked at mine through a jewelers loop and they are very nice quality. I would definately recommend them. <end>  Blue Diamond earings  Bautiful is the best way to describe them. My wife loved them and she always gets compliments about them. <end>  great price  I was very excited to find these online especially for such a great price. My mom loves them and they match her other blue diamond jewelry perfectly. I couldn't find any very obvious imperfections which is what some of the other reviews cautioned against and I thought they were perfect size  ) <end>  Wife liked them  And that's all that counts, I guess. The blue is nice, and different, and she appreciated that. She was surprised to hear that they were diamonds.Nice earrings, nice presentation, it was a great value when I got them. <end>
 B000P4XWRE  14k Gold Semi-Precious Pear and Square Shaped Dangle Earrings ||	  Tiny but pretty  Clear Rose de France stones are way smaller than I had anticipated but very pretty. The gold setting, however, shows that these earrings are quality jewelry. A classic style for a petite woman. <end>  BLACK BEUTYS  THESE EARRING ARE THE RIGTH LENGTH FOR EVERY ONE AND YOU COULD WEAR THESE EARRINGS ALL DAY OR FOR EVENING WEAR!YOU WOULD LOVE THESE EARRINGS! <end>  Girlfriend's Christmas Present  Purchased these earrings as a x-mas present for my girlfriend. She loved them. Safe buy if your special someone likes purple! <end>  tiny earrings  Sadly, There was not sufficient warning that the earrings were so small. They hardly show on a person with long dark hair.The quality didn't look as nice as in the photo on line. I will not buy jewelry on line again. <end>  PURPLE !  The wife is very happy with them & isn't that what really matters guys ? Tiny little things & purple too ! Guys; Keep peace in your home & buy your wife lots of jewelry.It's cheaper than a new Lexus. <end>  Pretty Rose Earrings  I gave these to my sister for Christmas!!! She loved them!!! She and I both thought that it is a beautiful pair of earrings. She loved the color of the quartz and the stylish look, but with an old world charm, so they are a HIT with both myself and my sister. the price was GREAT for what you actually got. Thank you Amazon. Barb <end>  Small but elegant  I bought these earings for a girlfriend. Amethyst is her birth stone, so, she should love them (I did not give them to her yet). It is quite elegant and delicate.It is definately smaller than I expected from that great photo but for a 100 dollars, I think it is worth it. <end>  Simply Beautiful  Bought these to wear to my son's wedding. Now I end up wearing them all the time. They don't hang down too far (I have a short neck) and they look great. <end>  Perfect  Ever try finding the right gift for your girl? Well, these little beauties went over in a big way! Very nicely made and looked dazzling on. Highly reccommend. <end>  Disappointed That Stones Do Not Have Deep Purple Color  I have a deep purple amethyst pear shaped pendant and wanted earrings to match. I knew that another customer was not satisfied with the color, but I decided to buy them anyway. They are very nice earrings and I was happy with every aspect of the earrings except for the color of the stones. The color of the stones on the earrings that I received looked more like the picture of these earrings in white gold14k White Gold Amethyst Pear and Square Dangle Earringsthen the picture shown for this item. I am disappointed that Amazon has not updated the picture or the description of "royal purple amethyst" and "rich purple amethyst" since the product does not have these qualities. If you don't mind a lighter color amethyst, then I recommend, but if you want a deep purple color as the picture shows, you may be disappointed as I was. <end>  Disappointing  Product doesn't match the picture and they are very light weight and small. They do not sparkle and lack a quality appearance. The smoky quartz color is very dull in appearance and the gold setting makes them look very ordinary. Small earrings can look so much nicer than this one. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  She loved the earrings too, they look just like the pic. The reflection of light on the facets give that exact double-star type image in the center. Very cool. <end>  Very pretty  Very nice earrings. This sparkly dangle catches the light and makes me want to show off my ears.14k Yellow Gold Amethyst Pear and Square Dangle Earring <end>  Lovely  My wife bought these to wear at our daughter's wedding. They are lovely and match her pendant and ring very nicely. <end>  Smokey Quartz Drop Earnings  The size and quality were great. I loved the mix of cuts, square tops, and pear drops. Made the design very unique and different. I just wished they offered a matching pendant to accompany, since these were a gift. <end>  Not Worth $69.99  These earrings are lovely, but I don't feel that, considering their size and the amount of gold, they are worth the price charged. Still, I'm keeping them. (BTW, I'm not Philip, I'm his wife!) <end>  smokey topaz earrrings  These earrings are well worth the money. Very different with 3 different size stones. I absolutely love them. Received many compliements. Beautiful! <end>  Very nice..... but very small  Hello.I bought these for my girlfriend's birthday and she liked them.They came packed very nicely with a profesional jeweley box and care instructions.They look very nice and have a nice "sparkle" (strange since they are smokey colored).The only bad issue is that they are really small. <end>  Caught Offguard  Not what I expected. The earrings are nice, but they are soooo small compared to the photo. Totally caught me offguard when I opened the box. <end>  Better than expected  The earings arrived a day earlier than promised. The were better looking than the picture and my wife loved them. <end>  Pretty!  The color of these is a very watery pale green and I like them a lot. You can't really tell that they are green when you are wearing them unless the light hits them just so. They are much paler than the photo, but it is a nicely matched hint of green rather than a fake looking, over-done green.These are well mounted, and all the stones have a nice cut, very sparkly, plenty of movement and easily catch the light. The earrings are not too heavy or drag down your earlobe or tip over at a weird angle on your ear. They dangle at a nice distance below your ear, not too long... very classic look.I have metal allergies and these earring did not break me out one bit when I wore them.I will be replacing the back - it seems kind of wimpy to me and I like a more secure feeling back.I would give them 5 stars if they had just a tiny touch deeper green and had a better back. But that is a personal preference and does not reflect on the quality of the product. They are a good value for this price. <end>  Very disappointed in the color  I was very disappointed in the purple color of the earrings when they finally arrived. The amethyst isn't the rich purple portrayed by Amazon. It's pretty washed-out looking. If I hadn't waited 2 months for them and if they weren't only $60, I would return them. However, under those circumstances, it would be more trouble than it's worth. I've bought other gemstones online and they were very true to the onscreen color. This is my first big disappointment. <end>  Just gorgeous!  I admit I was a little weary about purchasing these earrings, b/c a shopper can never be quite sure what he/she might get (esp. where jewelry is concerned & certainly, on-line purchases), but I'm glad I gave in on this one. I bought these as a Christmas gift for my mother, and she just adores them. There's a lot of sparkle for these delicate earrings, and she just loves the color! She has already received numerous compliments after wearing them for 1 day! Simply put, they are lovely, elegant, & v. feminine-a perfect choice with which I have no regrets! <end>  OMG, these are gorgeous earrings!  OMG, when I saw the photograph of these earrings, I said, "I just gotta have those!" The rich, dark brown color looked so gorgeous on the product page, I practically drooled, imagining them adorning my ears. ... And did I have the perfect outfits to match!When I received them, I wasn't disappointed. They ARE gorgeous--sparkly, clear, and ever so stylish. I like the way the radiant, smoky topaz gems catch the light as they dangle so gently. Swaying back and forth in a rhythm of their own, they catch the light, sending forth brilliant flashes of gold. And with not one, but three different cuts--princess, round, and pear shapes--set in 14k gold, they're absolutely stunning.Another thing I like about them is that they complement the brown garments in my wardrobe as well as the blacks and neutrals.The price didn't quite fit my budget, but they're worth every penny I spent ... even if it means a few less books this month. Oh, well ...Reviewed by  Betty Dravis, 2008 <end>  Too small...  ...These earrings are very beautiful, but too small for an adult--they are child-size. I returned them for this reason. (Amazon  you should consider posting an actual-size photo for all jewelry.) <end>  Small, small, small  WOW, I must have gotten different earings than everyone else! These are TINY. I was expecting the pear to be completely below the lobe and they are NOT! I don't have large ears either.Color is beautiful, construction quality is great, but I was expecting something more substantial! <end>  Not very green  Love the earrings! They aren't very green at all. They look almost crystal, but they are beautiful. I have long hair, so they are big and bright enough to be seen with all my hair. Very pretty. <end>  Not green at all  These are very pretty earrings, but they aren't green at all. I thought I had been sent the wrong pair when I opened the box. They are also smaller than I had expected. <end>  A hit with the wife  A big Valentine's Day hit. These earrings are very pretty, probably .75 inch total length (no, they're not going to hit her shoulders.) A good value. <end>  Perfect  These are the perfect complement to my Rose de France ring and are everything I hoped for. I have had lots of complements on them. <end>  lighter purple than photo  Yes, they are truly a lighter purple than what's in the photo, BUT they are gorgeous! Small enough to be worn everyday but blingy enough for evening. <end>  What a Dissapointment  Although I picked them out, my husband gave these to me as a Christmas gift. They were so small they could hardly be seen in the package. They will be returned immediately. <end>  Very disappointed  If I had received the earrings pictured, I would have been floating on air - what GREAT deep purple color - but what I got was washed-out-looking stones. My husband bought me these for our 25th anniversary because I'm an amethyst freak and have quite a few pieces of good, dark purple stones.On the up side, if you don't really care about the tint, the earrings are very cute, fairly sparkly, and are almost unnoticeably light on your ears. I'll probably keep mine and wear with more casual outfits, but it's too bad they aren't as pretty as pictured in the ad. <end>  light color earrings, more grayish than green  The earrings color was not green. It was an indefinable color; really light not green or clear. The earrings size was acceptable.I returned the earrings because I couldn't match with anything. <end>  Very Elegant  Such afforable elegance. The picture does not do them justice. I continue to get compliments about these gorgeous drop earings. If you are on the fence about buying these earings, they are a definite "do". <end>  Green Amethyst Earrings  I love these earrings. I bought them for my mom's birthday. They are not as green asd I thought they would be; very, very pale...but very beautiful! <end>  Very elegant  I am so happy I ordered these earrings. The stones are exactly what you see on Amazon. I expected a very clear green tinted stone and that's exactly what I received. They look very well made and look like they cost so much more. I also ordered a pair of oval studs and ring and I love all three pieces! <end>  Extreme color variation per earring  I really liked the photo of these earrings online, so I made my husband happy by ordering my own birthday present. Upon receipt, I was very disappointed that one earring is a dark amethyst and the other earring is much, much lighter. I almost kept them because of the lovely style and excellent craftsmanship, but I sent them back for a refund. Now, unfortunately, my husband feels that he has to go shopping for a present for me! <end>  Just right!  These earrings are exactly what I expected. They're actually nicer than the picture...which I expected because of all of the positive reviews.  ) They are just under an inch from top to bottom (just as an image shows) so the circle and teardrop hang below my earlobe. The Rose-de-France is a nice light purple to match a pink amethyst pendant necklace that I bought from a department store. I'm planning to wear the earrings and necklace for my wedding (I don't have tons of bling in my jewelry because the dress has a lot going on). I'm excited that I'll be able to dress these up or down in the future. <end>  green amethyst earring review  The earring are not the same color as shown, barely green tinged. Otherwise nice style and cut. Wish they were more green <end>  Very Lovely  The earrings have a lot of sparkle to them, and are a very pretty color.Shipping was fast and I am very satisfied with my purchase. <end>  SOOO CUTE!!!  I just got these earrings and I LOVE THEM!!!!!! LOVE THEM!!! They are really cute and sophisticated !!! Cant wait to wear!!)) <end>  Amethyst dangle earrings  What a simply beautiful pair of Amethyst earrings! I bought these to go with a necklace that my husband got for my birthday. I always receive many compliments on them and the have a nice bit of "movement" to them. <end>  Beautiful  Very high quality gems. Can't believe I paid so little. Great for every day or dress up. Fast ship, too. <end>  Pretty  But note the description  "Gem type" is what the marketers want to call it. "Material" is what it is made of. <end>  Beautiful, lady-like, delicate earrings  I bought these earrings originally for myself, but I made an error in entering the number and entered 2 instead of one.When I received them, I loved instantly, but I didn't need two sets, so Mother's Day was coming up, and I gave them to Mom for Mother's Day. She loved them so much!! She was so happy to have received such beautiful, lady-like and delicate earrings.Everytime she wears them, she tells me that she receives a lot of compliments.There are very few purchases I pride myself on, but this is one of them! <end>  Lovely Earrings  I bought these pair of 14k yellow gold Rose de France earrings from Amazon the summer of 2009, and they're still in excellent condition. I think it's great that Amazon is selling these pair of earrings at an affordable price when you consider how much Rose de France Amethyst jewelry pieces sell on other Internet websites, television shopping networks, and jewelry stores. The color of the Rose de France Amethyst is beautiful - a lighter shade of purple - lilac/lavender. This pair of dangle earrings are light to wear, yet they grab people's attention by the sparkle from the amethysts. These earrings dangle but not in a bothersome way. And besides the fact that these are Rose de France Amethyst gemstones, what makes these earrings unique is that you have three different shapes of stones per earring - the square, circle, and pear shapes. These three different gemstone cuts/shapes combine to make an intriguing pair of earrings. Since February is soon arriving, I think that these earrings would make an excellent gift for those who were born in February, for those celebrating Valentine's Day, for those who love the color purple, for those whose name is Rose like the last Amazon reviewer on this page, for those who are French, for those who love to collect different and more rare gemstones, and simply, for those who love jewelry! If you want a pair of lovely and unique earrings, then these earrings could be what you're looking for! <end>  Exactly what I wanted!  The earrings were exactly as pictured and matched perfectly with a pendant that I have.They are beautiful. Thanks Amazon, I could have searched for months and never made such a perfect match.14k Yellow Gold Rose De France Pear and Square Dangle Earring <end>  Keeping Them  Reviews before my purchase stated "smaller than expected" and "not as green as expected" - VERY TRUE. My jeweler stated he would not price them lower than $60., but agreed they are worth more. I'm VERY CONTENT with the purchase, but not overly excited about it. <end>  Gorgeous  As others have stated, the green is very light -- don't expect a pronounced green color. But they are absolutely gorgeous and I'm delighted. <end>  green amethyst  It was nice for the price; but not enough color. Darker in picture. Not sure I am keeping it. <end>  Pretty  It's hard to review jewelry so I'll just say it's very pretty. The gems are on the small size. 3 carats spread across 6 stones gives you some relatively small stones. Still very much worth the price. <end>  Disappointing.  Usually things that I purchase from Amazon are perfect; just what I expect; unfortunately, I had to return the amethyst earrings because they looked nothing like their picture; rather than being a bold purple color, they were very, very light colored and simply not what I expected. <end>  Color difference  I like the design and the color but unfortunately when I received it, I was so surprised becauseof the COLOR DIFFERENCE - the REAL one is super light (doesn't look like a SMOKY QUARTZ) the one in the picture is beautiful dark color. So now it doesn't match to my other Smoky Quartz jewelries  ( <end>  Delicate earrings  These earrings are beautiful, but I did return them. They were ordered as a gift, but I thought they were longer than the actually were (about an inch long). If I had the extra $ to spend, I would have kept them for myself. <end>
 B000P4XWSI  14k Yellow Gold Pear Shaped Green Amethyst Earrings ||	  beautiful  These earrings are a beautiful pale green (not too pale). Perfect size, so they are easy to see in the ears. Great buy too. <end>  Green amethyst earrings  I was looking for a different kind of stone for my wife for our anniversary, and decided to try these. The color is a very light green, and my wife loved them. I will be buying matching items as Amazon offers them. <end>  Horrible piece - everything about it is a lie  The stone is CLEAR, not washed out, but completely lacking in anything vaguely resembling a color. Essentially, this is LYING in advertising. I would have liked to know that there was a good chance I would get an earrings that could not vaguely be described as green amethyst, or green or anything in the family of a stone with a color. If I wanted clear quartz earrings, I would have ordered them. Instead I ended up with them despite consciously ordering something else. Shame on you, Amazon. <end>  waste of money  cant decipher if its a blurry piece of glass or what. the setting is not good as well. the prongs are way above the stone. overall, this is a cheap quality piece. <end>  Washed out color  When I purchased these on August 18, there was not a picture of the item. Part of this is my fault for not being familiar with green amethyst and for buying something sight unseen. However, I don't think it was unreasonable of me to expect some definitive green. The description says that this stone is part of the quartz family; think quartz here with a washed out greyish green color. The picture, which is now posted, is fairly accurate but more definitive in color than what you will receive. They are also larger than I anticipated. The minimum total gem weight is listed as 1.74 carats, which would be roughly .87 carat per earring. My earrings present to be about 1.5 to 2 carats each, which means they are pretty large, probably due to the fact that this stone is fairly lightweight. The tip of the pear to the bottom is 3/8 inch. Amazon ran these on special for $20.99, on a percentage off sale, but if I had this to do over, I wouldn't pay more than $10 for them, although the gold housing on the stones is probably worth the price I paid. In my opinion, they are not suitable for gift giving either. <end>  Green Amethyst Earrings  These earrings are lovely. They are clear and bright. The color is a very, very light green. It is not like a peridot green. It is like a clear white stone with just a subtle hint of emerald green. Do not expect any bright color - it is very subtle and soft. Very well made and solid prongs. A+++ <end>  Pretty earrings  These are pretty earrings, I purchased for a friend and actually was quite surprised at how nice they look. The color is suppose to be a very pale green from what I've seen and that is what they look like. A nice size, not to big, not too small. <end>  My wife's response  They Kick *ss  I'm thinking that's a GOOD response.She loves them. I got them at a great price. We're both happy.They're sized nicely enough that they're present without being overwhelming. The color is delicious. I bought them to match a necklace I got for her elsewhere, and (luckily for us) the color was spot-on. Simple, and lovely. <end>  Delightful looking Earrings  I was delighted with and surprised at the quality of these earrings. They are the very lightest green, sparkling gems, and the heavy weight settings are amazing.Whenever I wear them, people think they're diamonds. I tell them the truth, and they are amazed!I love them, and will not hesitate to purchase another pair for my best friend should they ever come back to the Amazon site! <end>  Better than I expected  These earrings are a beautiful pale green and well cut. When the light reflects off the facets you can see a deeper shade of green. The length is about 5/8 inch, a perfect size for stud earrings; I wouldn't want them any bigger. The setting is also very nice but you must be careful when inserting them as the prong is very thin and could easily be bent or broken off. Overall, I'm very satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Perfect gift  This was a gift for a family member. It was the perfect size and color needed to match a ring. She loved it. <end>  Very pretty  Very pretty color and shape. Somewhat traditional. Purchased for my mother as a gift and she loves them as well. <end>  Simple and lovely earrings..  These earrings are very good.The color is lighter than the picture and more like a clear color with very light minty green touch.The size is smaller than I imagined but it's good enough to be seen. They are reached to the edge of end of my ears.Prongs are very thin but sturdy enough than thick sterling silver.Delivery was fast and secured(package was in my mail box rather than the front door). <end>  Good Value  The green amethysts in the earrings are very pale. Overall the earrings are very pretty and much larger than I thought they would be. I'm happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000P4ZKQA  14k Gold Pear-Shaped Gemstone Rope Trimmed Earrings ||	  Very nice  These are beautiful earrings, well set, deep blue color for the stones, nice setting. They look exactly as pictured and I have been very happy with them. <end>  Very pretty  These are very pretty earrings. But my ear lopes are very small. The look very big on me and they are very shining and eye catching. Probably I will not wear them on daily basis. Definitely nice for special occasions. <end>  Mother's Day Gift  My mother was very happy receiving these. I'm reluctant to give anything 5 or 1 star but this one made me think of making an exception and calling it a 5. <end>  Beautiful earrings - easy to wear every day!  I ordered this pair of earrings for myself and I found it simple, elegant and good quality that I can use it for every day wear to work, casual. I love this earrings. Would surely recommend this to a friend. <end>  SMOKY QUARTZ EARRINGS  I was more than pleased with the size of the stones and the delicate rope design, my daughter will be thrilled. I also purchased the pendant and am equally pleased. Thank you Amazon for your prompt service. <end>  very very nice...I hope ..birthday gift for a friend  I had looked everywhere and was amazed when I googled 14k smoky earrings and amazon had several to choose from.I think they are a good value , nice color and clarity and I hope my friend likes them when sh gets them next week for her birthday! <end>  Pretty earings!  Pretty earings. Pretty stones. The size of the stone is a little bit smaller than I had expected. And the color is a little bit lighter than the picture. But I still like it very much. It does look like a piece of decent jewlry. And it comes with a nice box. <end>  Very dainty and light lavender color  They are pretty and since they were on sale and have a 14kt gold setting, I'm satisfied. Be sure to read the dimensions so that you are not disappointed in their small size. I hoped they would be the rich purple color pictured but they are much lighter in color. The setting is raised and seems very sturdy. They do not look cheap and are easily visible on the earlobe for a conservative classic look. I will likely order the pendant necklace when it goes on sale again. <end>  earings  The earrings I purchesed was just as described but not as good as it looked on the internet <end>  Beautiful and well-priced  The earrings were a big hit with my wife. I ended up getting a near-matching necklace for them since she wanted to wear them right away but needed something fitting. The color is brilliant! The yellow gold stands out and best of all, my wife is happy. The color matches her eyes and it was a wise choice for someone who was pressing himself for Christmas ideas. <end>  Consistent Misrepresentation  We have purchased several gemstone earrings from Amazon. *Every* time we received stones that were much paler than what was advertised. We think Amazon is a very rare "A+" merchant -- for everything but jewelry. Sorry to say we can not recommend Amazon jewelry. <end>  Not exactly as pictured  Very nice earrings, BUT not nearly as blue as picture, they are more of a faded out blue color. I will keep them anyway, but picture should closer match what you actually receive. <end>  Very Nice  Very nice earrings. The stones are slightly lighter than the picture but they are beautiful and sparkle brilliantly. The size was perfect for my wifes ear and she loved them. Many compliments as they really standout with her blue eyes. <end>  Smoky Quartz Earrings  The stones are perfectly matched and nicely faceted to catch the light. The rope accent sets off the color beautifully. The matching pendant makes an eye catching set! <end>  GORGEOUS  They're just what I hoped they would be....I had to wear them right away. They make me feel beautiful...THANKS ! <end>  Great gems!  I am fully satisfied with these ones. They are perfectly well finished and gems shine quite good. They are simply perfect and cost/value is amaizing. <end>
 B000P51O0K  14k White Gold Swiss Blue Topaz Dangle Earrings ||	  very small stones  This set of earrings are very very small. not even worth the 30$ i spent on them. I gave them to a ten yr old. Not for an adult at all. <end>  WOW! Great for the price!  I can't believe how pretty and what nice quality these are for under $40.00! They are over an inch and a half long, the stones are clear, bright blue and sparkly! The bottom stones look like they are a little over 1/4 ct EACH! The top stones look to be right under 1/4 each!The reviewer that said these are for children I have to disagree with (way too long - would be inappropriate and gaudy on a child). I bought three sets for gifts but I'm going to keep one set for myself. Great deal!! <end>
 B000P51O1Y  14k Yellow Gold Chrome Diopside Hoop Earrings ||	  Small but cute  The stones are a bit brighter than in the pic, and the earrings are small -- good for a young girl. Otherwise, nice earrings. <end>  Yummy!  .I love chrome diopside because it is the clearest green you'll ever see; it works as a substitute for Emeralds. The smaller earrings are perfect for my little friends one of whom was born with a unformed ear and has had to have a lot of plastic surgery.If you have small ears, or a little friends that you adore,these are a wonderful gift and at a really good price for 14kt and this absolutely magnificent stone! The setting is like so many of the earrings I gave to my little friends for Christmas. I hope my little friend can wear these; her sister will have no problem and she is a May girl (Emerals birthstone).Enjoy these gorgeous round shaped, locking earrings. They are stunning.Victoria Tarrani <end>
 B000P56680  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Square Dangle Earrings ||	  Solid and Celtic  The earrings are solidly constructed, don't dangle much, don't sway, and are a nice touch for most outfits. That said, I wouldn't have paid $30 for them if I'd seen them in a store. The quality is good, and I've never had any problems what so ever with the Amazon collection, but they don't look as high quality as they should. <end>  Love the square design!  The wife ordered these to wear on St. Patricks Day, but will wear them many more times! She is very pleased with the quality, style, and the size. The Celtic pattern is beautiful, and the square design is unique. She likes that they are stationary on the ear instead of bouncing around. The fish-hook is not her favorite, but they seem to disappear behind the lobe, which is a good thing! The size of the square design is on the small side, but is still noticable and pretty. The quality of the sterling silver cutouts is well executed and clean, making the earrings look more expensive than they were! <end>  Nice design  Good design - nice looking- they dont dangle - they are stiff -not big-not small- right size- V light. I got it with the pendent - and something that u can wear with any thing - and u will be set. Nice buy <end>  Sterling silver Celtic design square dangle earrings  The earrings are a little smaller than expected, but besides that the are very nice. The design is eye catching. They are nice enough to order a second pair for a friend. She loved them. The only thing you have to keep in mind when you put on the earnings is to press the loop to close it a little so the earrings don't come off. I almost lost one the first time I put it on <end>  aweful  These are terrible... I will return them they do not hang well and at the base of the stem it doesn't dangle.. it is all one piece which means as you store them the stem turns and will break ... don't even try it <end>  don't buy waste of money  The earrings look nice in the pictures. But the ones i got did not look as nice. you can see the where they put them together and the color is dull on those spots. and I don't think mine are that shiny when I got them <end>  Celtic Design Earrings  They are great looking!! I love the square design. Can be used with many outfits and are different from the run of the mill everyday earrings. <end>  Knot just for Celts!  These earrings are so light-weight and smooth, I don't know I'm wearing them, and so gorgeous that they bring compliments everytime I wear them. I would recommend them to anyone who likes Celtic Knots or filigree work. <end>  Nice  Good, I like it, looks nice and charm, is not heavy useful in everyday life, I recommended it to all. <end>  Celtic Earrings  I bought these to go with a matching pendant; They are not exactly the same, but look good together and are easy to wear--nice and light so no pull on the ear lobes. <end>  Beautiful, but easily falls out  I love these earrings. I also bought a matching necklace and I have worn the set almost every day since receiving it. However, the earrings slide out of your ears very easily and I lost one of the earrings almost immediately. I ordered another pair and I now wear them with a stopper on the back side. But other than that one issue, they are fantastic in size, style and quality. <end>  another pleasant surprise  I bought these earrings to match a necklace. They were just as pretty as the necklace and well made. I will definitely consider this company in the future. <end>  Not quite up to my version of par  These earrings are cute, but they do not look like the picture. First of all they are a bit more rectangle shaped than they appear in the pic, and not nearly as "substantial"~ meaning they are thinner and not as solid looking. The other thing I did not like is that they are punched through -- so that you can see holes through them. It was hard to tell from the pic, but I thought the design was stamped into a solid/opaque metal backing, but not so. That said, it would be nice if Amazon would provide other views of their earrings, such as a shot of it in someone's ear the way I've seen other websites do. Not sure if I'll keep these, it looks like none of the celtic earrings on Amazon's page are solid the way I would like them to be. <end>  Very cute earrings  These earrings are very cute and comfortable. I am on the waitlist for the matching backordered pendant. I hope it comes in soon. <end>  It should not be mandatory to write a product review  It should not be mandatory to write a product review It should not be mandatory to write a product review It should not be mandatory to write a product review <end>
 B000P57PK8  Sterling Silver Filigree Heart Drop Earrings ||	  Pretty and light  These earrings are exactly as pictured; they are lightweight and easy to wear. One thing that may not be clear from the picture is that the earwire is attached directly to the heart; there is no dangle or movement to these earrings. <end>
 B000P57PMG  Sterling Silver Filigree Oval Flower Pendant, 18" ||	  Great to wear with jeans  I love wearing this with jeans. It is a very unique pendant. I have gotten several compliments on it. I have the earrings as well. It finishes off a nice casual outfit. <end>  Read the Dimensions  It is cute in person but smaller than expected. Be sure to read the dimesions. About an inch across and 1/2 inch high. <end>
 B000P62UK2  Men's 14k Two-Tone Hammered Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Great Looking Ring  I looked at all the local big name jewelery stores to price check this ring. This is the same ring that the stores are carrying and who wouldn't want to save $200. The ring is beautiful, I look forward to wearing it for many years. It was my first experience with purchasing jewelery on Amazon and it was a great experience. <end>
 B000P66LH0  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Three-Stone Ring, Size 9 ||	  Not the right color  My wife saw this and LOVED the color of the stones. She was thrilled that it came in a size she could wear.She opened it Christmas Day...and was really disappointed in the color. It's nearly WHITE!If she had wanted a CZ white diamond, that's what she would have asked for.It IS very nicely made, BUT she wanted the deep, lovely blue that was shown in the ad.We are checking into sending it back. <end>  Beautiful Quality workmanship  Whe I reveicev this ring, I was amazed at the quality of the ring. I was so impressed that I purchased the Amethyst too. <end>  It's a real "gem"!  I got the ring yesterday and it's lovely! The colour is fantastic... not exactly like the picture, but not far off! I love it! Fits perfect! My boyfriend isn't real great at buying jewelry (that I like) and this weekend is our 8 year anniversay together, so I wrapped it up for him to give me!! hahah He laughed, but knew I was happy with this simple, inexpensive, ring - that looks AWESOME! <end>  ok quality, stone looks cheap though  got it returned because the stones are much much lighter than shown on the picture here. They looks just like glass peices. <end>  Pretty  Pretty ring! But it's lighter than it looks in the picture... psh. But it's good quality for the price! <end>  excellent ring forr the money  will recommend this to whonever wants to buy their honey a special ring and score brownie points at the same time.CUDOS <end>  Disappointed by stone coloring  I really looked forward to this product, because I love blue topaz. I was very happy with the quality of the silver. However, the stones were MUCH lighter than the picture showed. So much so that I would label the photo shown as false advertising. Others had found the same, but I thought perhaps the color would be more toward aquamarine. It's not; it's toward the white. I also know that deep blue topaz or London blue is not that expensive to make. I'm keeping it, because it is pretty, but I'm disappointed with the stone color and, judging from other reviews, I know a replacement will be no better. <end>  Nice little ring  This just arrived and I really like it. The color is a bit more pale than shown in the image so I can only give this 4 stars, but the sterling shank is very substantial and the mounting is well done. I snagged this little beauty for 10 bucks, and will be watching for the amethyst version to take a quick price drop as well so I can have both. Wish I had purchased several of this one, but the negative comments of other reviewers persuaded me to just get one. Price is back up to 20 today, so I will keep an eye out for another sale. <end>  A lot of compliments  I bought this not really expecting too much, just that it was pretty. Since I have worn it, I get a lot of compliments on the color how beautiful it is. The ring sits very nicely upon your finger. If gives my hand a very smooth look. I beleive I got a good deal for the price. <end>  Very Pleased!  I was thrilled to find such a lovely ring in my size, which is a 9. It fits perfectly and I love it! <end>
 B000P6BTA4  Breast Cancer Awareness Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet ||	  Great Bracelet!  I was searching everywhere for a bracelet I could give my mom (currently fighting cancer). I thought this one was pretty based on the picture and inexpensive, so I took a gamble. I LOVE it! It's so beautiful and the charm-like hear that sits on the end is so nice, especially with the pink sparkly rhinestones. It fits my wrist really well and is hands down the easiest bracelet I've put on (that didn't slide over my hand). I bought one for my mom and myself, and I'm sure I will wear it every day! <end>  Breast Cancer  This was the prettiest bracelet, well made, easy to put on, got several to give as gift to my female relative and friends. <end>  Beautiful bracelet  The pink ribbon bracelet was purchased as a gift for a breast cancer awareness event. The bracelet was very nice and very appreciated by the one who won the bracelet. Thanks! <end>  Beautiful  Bought this as secret Santa gift. Limit was $10. The lady I bought it for is a survivor! She gave me a huge hug. Def worth it! <end>  Perfect!  Bought these as a gift for two of my friends that adore BCA items since their families have been affected. They were perfect! <end>  buy two!  I bought two of these bracelets after my mom found out she had breast cancer. I sent one to her and kept one for myself. She loved it. <end>  nice 'cheap' bracelet  I purchased the bracelet as a secret santa gift. It is a really nice bracelet for the price. But within 5 minutes a stone fell out on the rhinestone ribbon on the heart charm. I looked at Michaels for a replacement stone but they had nothing. How aggrivating.Buy cautiously--if the stones don't fall out you will be really happy with the product!  ) It really is a cute bracelet for the price.*Also, it took a little while, but the seller does make you happy and will reship a new bracelet out if there is an issue. <end>  Inspirational  I purchased this as part of a &#34;Chemo Bag&#34; I put together for my mother to take with her for her Chemo treatments. It is beautiful and very inspirational. I would recommend it to anyone who knows someone who is facing Breast Cancer. <end>  Beautiful  I got this bracelet for a gift for a friend who has breast cancer. It is absolutely beautiful. It even came it a pink box that I thought was adorable too. I was definitely pleased with my purchase. <end>  Bracelet  I bought this for a coworker and it arrived in great condition and ahead of schedule and it even came in a pretty box. The bracelet is very pretty. <end>  Cute!  This bracelet was much nicer than I imagined it would be for the price. Very pleasantly surprised. Lots of detail close up that you can't see in picture. Comes in an adorable gift box. Glad I bought it. <end>  Purchased as a gift  One of my best girlfriends growing up was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. She is currently going through chemotherapy and I sent this to her to remind her how much I love her and support her, although I'm a thousand miles away. I ordered one for myself but returned it because of a broken clasp. I'm waiting for my replacement to arrive. My friend loves her bracelet and wears it daily. Its a way for us to stay connected during this difficult time. <end>  Very pretty but cheap.  This looks very nice but is made cheap. The fake stones in the ribbon popped out and it has fallen off my wrist twice and luckily people have found it for me each time. <end>  Amazing and cheap  I got this for my bestfriend mom and she loved it. Perfect in time for the Komen race. It does not break and stayed on the entire day. Perfect gift for breast cancer. <end>  My mom loves it  I brought this bracelet for my mom and she thinks that it is so beautiful. I'm happy cause she loves it. <end>  breast cancer awerness bracelet  i got this bracelet for my sister fighting breast cancer, she loved it and everyone else too but i was not. it's very beautiful but when i held it it felt so fake and cheap, wish i would of know  / <end>  breast cancer bracelet  This bracelet is great to give to someone who has had cancer. Good quaility for the price. Love all items made by this company. <end>
 B000P706DE  Turquoise Dangle Earrings In Sterling Silver ||	  Really Lovely  These earrings are rather dainty, just the right size for everyday wear and could even go dressy. The Ross-Simons name backs up the quality. The pair I received are on the greenish side, which makes me very happy. <end>
 B000P7087I  14K Yellow Gold Light Kordina Necklace 18" ||	  Pleasently Satisfied  I bought this for an 11 year old female and I got exactly what I expected. It has a good size to it and is lightweight. I gave this to my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. It came in a nice dark blue velvet jewelry folder and it made for a nice presentation. Great shine and perfect size for a smaller fit. I was pleasently satisfied. <end>
 B000P78ZXM  Rosary - Silver Toned Irish Celtic Cross with Green Glass Heart Beads and St. Patrick Insert Card ||	  100% SATISFIED  I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS ROSARY.IT IS MUCH MORE ATTRACTIVE THAN THE PHOTO SHOWN.IT CAME SECURELY PACKAGED.SELLER SHIPPED THE ITEM VERY RAPIDLY AND THE SHIPPING COST WAS REASONABLE.I WOULD BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN. <end>  Beautiful Rosary  This Rosary is absolutely beautiful. It is very well-made and truly an inspiration. I am Irish and I especially love the Celtic theme. The little hearts are quite inspiring during prayer. <end>
 B000P7AQF2  Irish Rosary - Silver Toned Celtic Knots and Green Crystal Beads Crucifix Rosary ||	  Beautiful Rosary  This is a beautiful rosary. It is very affordable. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because it broke due to use. Other than that I think this is a very good item of Marian devotion. <end>  Irish Rosary Necklace  Loved the Celtic knots on the rosary, along with the green crystal beads. However, was not so happy with the fact that engraved on the back of the cross was "made in china". Not cool. <end>
 B000P7BUBQ  Sterling Silver Dolphin Mother Of Pearl Pendant with Box Necklace ||	  Pretty  This is very pretty, although, it is very heavy and you will need a much heavier chain than the one that comes with it. It had great clarity and is a unique design, with a great price. <end>
 B000P9B9UG  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Mother of Pearl Inlay Fish Hook Dangle Earrings ||	  Great value for a terrific earring!  These are gorgeous earrings and very well priced! I was surprised at the high quality and classic look of these earrings. They're not too long for everyday use. The silver is high-polished on both sides. The mother of pearl is very well polished and is very pearly.These french wires came with the little plastic earring backs that keep the wires from sliding forward. The earrings aren't heavy and won't stretch your ears. Shipping was speedy and the earrings came well-packaged. <end>  Perfect!  These earrings are perfect! Perfect size, weight, length, quality. They are prettier in person than in picture. Very much an earring you can wear with jeans or out in the evening. I can't remember the last time I was able to wear an earring ALL DAY WITHOUT IRRITATION. Love that they are nickel free. If they become available again, I plan on ordering another pair (just in case something happens to this pair). I'm keeping mine but they would make a perfect gift. Elaine <end>  Awesome  The earrings are a bit smaller than I thought but they are still very simple and very pretty I loved them. They are a great pair for everyday use. <end>  fell apart!  these earings are pretty but did not last long. A few weeks after I brought them the mother of pearl inlay fell off! These are not the best quality earings. I was not very happy with my purchase.  ( <end>
 B000P9CZHM  Sterling Silver Celtic Triangle Pendant with 18 inch Cable Chain ||	  keeps tarnishing  Necklace and chain were super shiny at first but after 1st month the chain began to tarnish. Cleaned it w/ silver polish and black kept coming off. Would look just o.k. and then 2 days later it would turn black and leave marks on my neck. Don't think the chain is sterling silver after all.I am happy with the pendant but not the chain. <end>  LOVE IT  Love this pendant. It was even better looking in person that the picture showed. Thanks so much - its exactly what I was looking for! <end>
 B000P9FWOK  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Mother of Pearl Inlay Fish Hook Dangle Earrings ||	  Very nice small earrings  The sterling silver mother of pearl inlay earrings are very nice, but they are smaller than I expected from looking at the picture on Amazon. They are a good bargain for the price. I will combine them with a sterling silver mother of pearl pendant I have. <end>  Very happy with it  Beautiful craftsmanship, light weight, goes with anything - jeans, little black dress, work, theatre, night out. Excellent deal. three more words. <end>  Earrings  I was very happy with the look and quality of these earrings. They were a little smaller than I expected, but are beautiful! <end>
 B000P9OWP0  20x by 21mm TRIPLET professional JEWELERS LOUPE crome with LEATHER CASE ||	  Bought with BelOMO 10x, putting this one in a bad light  Unless you really, absolutely gotta have 20x, the BelOMO 10x is vastly superior. The BelOMO is easier to navigate and focus, with a larger viewable area, and better image quality. The 20x is just painful to use by comparison. It may be good by comparison with other 20x loupes, but it suffers dramatically in comparison to the BelOMO. <end>  Field Lens  I expected this to be the kind of lens one can use to more closely examine a specimen by bringing the lens to the eye, but it works more as your average magnifying glass- not well. <end>
 B000PA9HKY  Sterling Silver Butterfly Shaped Sparkling Clear AB Crystal Animal 1.5 inch Charm Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  So many colors....  I fell in love with this as soon as I saw it. I collect butterflies and these are so pretty, with the rainbow of colors. I bought two of them and made earrings out of them. And they go with everything.They are very pretty, yet light, and really add to any outfit.And the service and price were as good at the charm was pretty.I highly recommend Gem Avenue. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I bought two of these for my nieces and they absolutley adored them. They are delicate with a beautiful sparkling effect. The proportion is appropriate for a young girl. <end>  So Pleased  Sterling Silver Swarovski Crystal Pendant Butterfly Animal CharmThese are so pretty, and I was so suprised when I got them because they are so much prettier in person Thanks so much & I will be back!!! <end>  Beautiful pendant!!  I purchased this pendant as well as the matching earrings. The pendant is actually prettier than the picture. It is a clear crystal and reflects the light in many colors. The reflecting colors depend on the color of the clothing being worn. This was a gift for my daughter and she loves it. It can be dressy or casual. I was pleased with my purchase, it was more than I expected!! The company was great as well. I will purchase from them again. <end>
 B000PAC396  Sterling Silver Green Crystal Leaf 32mm X 6mm Charm Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Pretty, worth the money.  This is a lovely addition to my pendant collection. There are no surprises with this....the photograph accurately portrays the color and "clearness". When my pendant arrived, I examined it and found no scratches or cloudy areas.This is one of those pieces people are tempted to pick up and examine. Had a stranger lift it from my chest and look at it. Didn't bother me, but...be warned.FYI---Although the description doesn't really specify, this does not come with a chain. <end>  Beautiful Little Pendant  This is a very pretty item, I purchased it as a stocking stuffer for my wife, so she hasn't seen it yet. However, I have no doubt that she will love it. I tried it on a silver chain and it sparkles, very pretty! <end>  Very pretty crystal  This is a very pretty crystal leaf. I get lots of compliments when I wear it. The only drawback is it's not as colorful in person. It depends on the background, that is, what you're wearing. <end>  Beautiful Crystal  For the quality of this crystal is very affordable. Looks expensive. Is kind of unique. Quick delivery. It was for a B-day present. My friend loved it! <end>  Great item!  This item is very pretty and looks hand made. I bought it as a gift for a friend. I recommend it! <end>
 B000PAH7ZG  Sterling Silver Golden shadow Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Cute sparkly earrings  I was looking for a pair of swarovski earrings for my 9 year old niece as a Christmas gift. She wanted something dangly and I liked these because they are very lightweight and not too big or fancy. The star design is cute but not too childish as the crystals are sparkly and very pretty (in fact I would wear these myself). The gold color of the crystal is much lighter in person than the picture shows but we loved it anyway. <end>
 B000PAIH7I  SCER154 Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Drop Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements 10mm Pink Faux Pearl and Crystal ||	  Beautiful earrings for Mother of the Bride!  Just gorgeous! I ordered these earrings for my Mother. They match her Mother of the Bride dress beautifully, with enough pink (not too much), traditional pearls, the elongated style is more slimming to the face, and they have a hint of crystals sparkling on each ear- perfect! I'm very pleased with this seller- great communication, fast shipping, excellent packaging, and very pretty, affordable jewelry. <end>  Pink Perfection  Earrings are an elegant mixture of pink and pizazz! The Swarovski crystals light up the pink pearls. very happy with this purchase. <end>  Perfect Pink  I have been looking for a light pink drop earring. And I found just want I needed at the Gem Store. I am so please with the way they 'fall' on my ears. I have several outfits that the earrings go with. They add just enough sparkle and I can wear them to business meetings and for evenings. These earrings are a must for everyone. Thank youAnita Z <end>  Love these!  I have a lot of pink sapphire, pink tourmaline and pink topaz jewelry. I wanted a dangle earring to complement the various pieces I already have. These earrings looked so pretty online I decided to take a chance and ordered both the pink and the white pairs. They are absolutely beautiful! The picture is very accurate to the actual product. I uploaded a couple pictures of the earrings I received. The price is reasonable, especially for silver. Like many others, the non-precious metals irritate my skin so I was happy these came in sterling. The leverbacks are secure, so I don't worry about losing an earring.These pearls were a bit paler than my cultured pink pearls, but still coordinated. They pink crystals are bright and sparkly and look wonderful with all my pink stone jewelry. I loved these so much, I came back to Amazon to order the black pearl pair! I am already considering the blue pearl set.Highly recommended! <end>  Elegant!  These are SO BEAUTIFUL! Just the right combination of pearl and glitz and everyone who sees them notices them right away. They are also light and comfortable. I simply adore them! <end>  Beautiful pink pearl earrings  I am so glad I found these beautiful pink pearl and swarovski crystal earrings. They could not be any more perfect than they are and are exactly what I was looking for. They are just beautiful with the pink pearl necklace I have and the price was super. They also come in other colors and I hope to be able to purchase the blue pearl earrings soon. The colors of these earrings are a beautiful shade of pink and blue and definitely a bonus in my jewelry collection. If you need a beautiful pair of earrings, I would definitely recommend these pearl earrings from Gem Avenue through Amazon.com. <end>  Very feminine  These ear rings are very sparkly and well worth the price. They were shipped in a timely manner and arrived in good condition.They are well made and very comfortable to wear. They are theperfect lenth. B.C. from Michigan <end>  Darling earings  These earings are just darling. I received several compliments the first time I wore them. They can be dressy or dress up your casual look. If you love pink these are for you. The Swarovski crystals really reflect the light and the faux pearls look real. The pearls were a little larger than I expected but still a nice delicate size. If you buy these I hope you enjoy them as much as I do. <end>  Pretty!  If you don't have big bucks but you like this look, buy them. They look really nice, not cheap. Pretty with blue jeans or a nice dress. The person who makes these has all kinds of interesting earrings on her web site. <end>  Stunning .. ! !  I love wearing these earrings.I bought the white pair and the pink pair.Real attention getters! <end>  Great Ear rings  All I can say if you like what you see in the picture you will like the earings once you get them. The quality is much higher than the price would indicate. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful and just as pictured. They are made well and are of good quality. <end>  Sweet, Simple and Feminine Pink Pearl Earrings  I love pink pearls and was looking for a pair of simple, drop earrings that I could wear out and about. While these are not real pearls, they are great for everyday casual wear. I really like the way that the clear and rose crystals set off the pink pearl for a delicate and feminine look. These earrings are very comfortable to wear and are very elegant and attractive. I paired them up with the matching ajustable braceletSterling Silver 10mm Imitation Pearl and Crystal adjustable Bracelet 7 to 9 inch Made with Swarovski Elements. I am actually able to wear the bracelet as an ankle bracelet which increases the overall appeal of the set for me. Given the price, I think that these earrings are a very nice gift idea - with or without the matching bracelet. <end>  My daughter-in-law loved these!  Personally, I think these earrings are lovely and classy, so I sent them to my daughter-in-law as a gift. She loved them too. <end>  Pink Earrings  The earrings are exactly what my wife has been looking for and she will be very happy when I give them to her on Christmas. <end>  Lovely  These came very quickly in the mail and were packaged well. They are very nice for everyday wear. They are made well and were a great bargain price. <end>  Pretty  I ordered these and am extremely happy that i did that. They are absolutely gorgeous for the price and light to wear! <end>  beautiful piece  It looks beautiful and well made. It's a little hard to put on than my other earrings,but it doesn't bother me. <end>  My wife loves it!  It is good gift for girls.My wife is keep wearing this till now. Which means that it is not too bad!She is happy and I am happy too! <end>  NOT Genuine Pearl, these are simulated pearls  The item is described as "10 mm Pink Genuine Pearl..." These are NOT genuine pearls. These are simulated pearls. Swarovski does make simulated pearls, these might be those simulated pearls or other simulated pearls. Quite honestly, considering the description is inaccurate, I doubt the crystal is even really Swarovski elements. It feels much more plastic-like than my genuine Swarovski items. The earrings are cute, but not the deal you might think considering the misleading title.I own three other pairs of pink pearl earrings, and bought these to replace a pair that was lost. Although these are nice, they don't quite wow me like I thought they would considering all the five star reviews. <end>  beautiful!  The earrings are really beautiful! They are shinny and very delicate  ) The color is so pretty. The pearls are really nice and the crystals are very sparkly. I just love them! <end>  just gorgeous  I absolutely love them...they look fantastic even through the plastic wrap ))) seriously, I am so excited to wear them, colors are stunning and they are even little bigger than I expected. They made my day today <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These are very beautiful earrings. They are probably for use in a formal/party atmosphere. I may not want to wear them to work as they are very shiney and may not work in a business atmosphere. But I will definitely wear them when I want to feel and look pretty! <end>  Beautiful  I love these ear rings, they are beautiful. The quality and reasonable price make this an excellent purchase. I have purchased several pairs of ear rings from them and I am never disappointed. <end>  Super Cute!  These arrived just as expected -- super cute, great weight, made nicely. Wore them once already and can't wait to wear again! <end>  pink pearl earings  i recently wore these earings at my grandaughter s wedding. they went beautifully with my pink dress and i was extremely pleased with them and would recommend them to anyone. you will not be disappointed. <end>  Beautiful earrings at a great price!!  I bought these earrings as a gift for my grandmother and she loved them. What you see is what you get, they look just like the picture. These are high quality earrings at a bargain price and the color is perfect, a beautiful light shade of pink. I highly recommend these earrings to anyone who looks at them. You can't go wrong with these! <end>  earrings  very pretty earrings. They go perfectly with my sea shell necklace. <end>  Stunning Beauty ~ Amazing Price!  The moment I saw these earrings, I knew they were mine -- just what I had been looking for, in fact! I bought both the pink and the blue, and am even happier with how they look when they're on! Beautiful, great craftsmanship, quality materials, light-weight, secure clasp, and genuine ingenuity make these perfect for yourself, or as a gift! Thank You! <end>  Beautiful Earrings  I was very pleased with these earring's which are to be a Christmas gift for my Daughter-in-law who loves the color pink. The earrings are well made with quality materials and could be worn either with formal attire or to add sparkle to a casual outfit. I am certain that they will be appreciate and am happy with this purchase. <end>  Beautiful and Elegant!!!  I bought these along with the blue and white. Perfect for any occasion and a great buy for price, quality and service. Came quickly and as seen in the pics. <end>
 B000PAM36E  Sterling Silver and Stainless Steel Heart-Shaped Miraculous Medal, 18" ||	  happy to own  love that it is light and delicate. Often jewelry around neck is bothersome but this is so light you barely know you're wearing it. <end>  beautiful medal, chain not so much  The medal, although very small and light, is beautiful and shiny silver. It also has the traditional miraculous medal inscription on the back. I found it to be the perfect May Crowning present for my 13-year old daughter. I did replace the original chain with a sterling silver chain. The original chain looks like a carnival prize, or something that would come from a bubble-gum machine. I'm sure it would do the job, just not the look I wanted - it wasn't delicate and quality like the medal. All in all, I wish I would have looked for a medal with no chain and purchased the chain separately - I probably could have saved some money! <end>  lovely petite medal  Smaller than the average sized medal, less than a 1/2" in length. Perfect for everyday. Comes in a nice gift box, too. <end>  More for a child  nice necklace but its so small. I think it will fit a child or petite person. I originally bought it for my mother in law since she love virgin mary but i guess her daughter will wear it <end>
 B000PAM38C  14k Yellow Gold Filled Cross Pendant, 18" ||	  The perfect size for a woman  I have lost two expensive cross necklaces in the past two years so I decided to get this one since it was priced well and matches my wedding ring. Contrary to what other reviews say, I think it is the perfect size. The chain is a good length too. The cross sits just above the neckline of my shirts and looks great. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a pretty cross necklace that doesn't break the bank. <end>  14k yellow gold filled cross pendant w/chain  A lot smaller than we expected. But good enough for our 13year old who requested it. I would recommend this for someone young. Very fragile though. Good buy for the price. <end>  unexpectedly small but beautiful  I was also surprised at how tiny the cross is. I bought this for my husband. Although this is to feminine for him, it's perfect for me and I have decided to keep it. <end>  Nice and Perfectly sized  I really like my gold cross. I am going to wear it to church this sunday. I feel protected when I wear it! It's perfectly sized. It's smaller than usual, but that 's the way I like it. Very fine and delicate. I am happy with it, as I lost my confirmation cross many years ago at my grandparent's farm. This is perfect. <end>  Beautiful  The chain appears fairly sturdy and the cross itself is small yet beautiful. It is the perfect size for a cross to be for me. It would deffinitely not be considered bling. <end>  cross for a child  Bought it for an adult. Cross is too small but the necklace was worth keeping even for $30. Necklace is gold filled, not gold plated and that is a big plus. The color is a perfect match for 14K and it should be since it is gold filled. Great length for a cross or pendant and it is a pretty chain. I needed something strong that isn't going to break and lose a real 14k cross but didn't want to pay a fortune for a chain. This was so much better than any 14k gold chain I was looking for and again for $30 it was better to keep the chain and use it for the cross I already have now. This cross is too small, I will give it to my little girl and put it on a small chain she already has. So giving it a three stars for the great necklace. <end>  Not Received  I never received said cross. What do I do now?? I did receive two empty boxes, but what possible good could they be?? I guess I could start a fire with them. Any suggestions?? <end>  Small cross!  Had to borrow my wifes glasses to see the cross.Thanks <end>  necklace  I love the heavy chain. I switched the cross to one that I already had. I liked it better. I do like the heaviness of the chain though. <end>  BEAUTIFULL  I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS CROSS ITS MORE THEN I EXPECTED, IT HAS A CLAW HOOK AND ITS REALLY BEAUTIFULL, ANYONE WHO LOVES CROSSES WOULD LOVE TO WEAR THIS,I BROUGHT THIS AS A GIFT FOR MY GROWN DAUGTHER, SHE IS A VOLUNTEER FIREFIGTHER AND ALL SHE ASKED FOR WAS A GOLD CROSS, <end>  SHOCKED  I was shocked this was very very small. Way to small for the price. I bought it for my 21 year old. I have to buy another one. I will be returning it. <end>  Very Small  The chain is nice but the pendant is very small and thin. I ordered this for my 14 year old son for easter. Needless to say, I had to go shopping for a bigger one. This would be a good size for a small child. <end>  Gold Filled Cross Pendant  This is a really small cross pendant. It is really cute and has some detail on it. It is light, but it seems to be able to take a beating. I have gotten it caught on things and the chain didn't break. I wish the cross was a little bit larger, but sometimes it is nice to just have a small cross on when dressing up. I think this would be nice to give to a child, it is the perfect size for them. I would recommend this to everyone. <end>  Beautiful, but baby sized.  THIS CROSS IS SMALL! WAY TOO SMALL, I was expecting a men's cross, and what I got was barely fit for a small child. The cross is made of a beautiful substance, unfortunately there is no way to even appreciate the cross as it is so small that it is not worth buying, I am returning this item, it is just too small to keep. <end>  Confirmation Cross  Purchased this for my grandson's first communion. It is a nice cross for a little boy. <end>  Beautiful and Simple.  I read the reviews before buying and I read the most that the cross was small. I was picturing something so tiny that no one would notice. (I've been getting compliments on it all night). It's gorgeous, simple and doesn't stand out too much. I love it. Best cross I have ever owned. The link is the picture of the necklace on me.[...] <end>  Good buy  Bought this for my wife's Birthday while on the road.She was quite happy with the quality of the pendant. <end>
 B000PAMAQM  Sterling Silver Malachite Scroll Design Ring by Sajen, Size 5 ||	  nice quality  I think it's a lovely ring. The silver part of the ring is very well done. The stone I received is darker than shown but I am still pleased with the overall look of the ring. <end>
 B000PAMBHK  Sterling Silver Black Star Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  I really have been impresed with Sajen's craftsmanship  This is one of 8 Sajen products that I own and I have been very happy with all my purchases.The ring is well made and feels very "solid". I wear it as a "pinky" ring and I feel it is a great size for that. <end>
 B000PAMD82  Sterling Silver, Amethyst, Garnet, Moonstone and Pink Tourmaline Earrings by Sajen ||	  Beautiful dangles  These are actually larger than I thought they would be. The stones are vibrant and of excellent quality.The silver work is beautifully intricate. They are very exotic looking. The only thing I would change is the shepherd's hook. It's a bit too long. I would like the earrings to be closer to the ear lobe, and I think the design would work better with a Euro-wire. <end>
 B000PAOBJ6  Sterling Silver Iolite Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Gorgeous!  Beautiful, Indian-inspired design. These were larger than I expected, but so pretty. Heavy, quality-made jewelry. <end>
 B000PAOBQO  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  Beautiful ring  I bought this as a graduation gift for my daughter. She wanted a ring to remind her of her college completion without having a "class ring". She also requested a wide band. When I ordered it, I thought that it would do until I found something "nicer". That changed when the ring arrived. The picture does not begin to do it justice. It is a beautiful ring, elegant and feminine without having a "little girl" look. And, as lovely as it was in the box, it looks 100 times better on her hands. The only caveat I have is to order a larger than normal size. My daughter wears a size 5 ring but wide bands usually do better with a larger ring. I ordered a 6 and it fits perfectly. Final notes  The shipping was fast and the presentation (box) is beautiful as well. <end>
 B000PAOBVO  Sterling Silver, Papua Shell, Malachite and Lapis Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  Great product by Sajen!  I love this ring. The perfect match for my abalone (paua shell) collection!Excellent quality. It is reasizable (the base around the finger has a cut so the size can be enlarged if it's needed.) <end>  Nicer than the picture!  The ring is well crafted as all Sajen silver jewelry seems to be as I own several items. I am wearing it on my little finger where it is definitely noticed because of size and design. Love it, purchase recommended... <end>
 B000PAOBXC  Sterling Silver Seraphinite Adjustable Ring by Sajen, Size 4 ||	  Not what I expected  I returned mine. The ring is very large...taking up the entire length of my finger between my middle and end knuckle. Some people can carry this look off but it is not a good look for a smallish person like me. Also, the "stone" part looks like enamel rather than the cool, unique stone that I thought it was going to look like. The color is beautiful but is lacks the depth and variety that would make it look like a true natural stone. <end>
 B000PAOHCC  Sterling Silver Loving Family Heart Necklace - Parents and 3 Children ||	  Very nice!  I bought this necklace for my daughter for Mother's Day. She absolutely loves it. Perfect size to wear all the time,which she does. <end>  Nice piece if only the right one  I ordered this piece for my wife for Valentines Day. She loves anything that represents our children. The item itself is actually very nice and the perfect size. Unfortunately I only gave four stars due to receiving the wrong one. I ordered the 2 Parents and Three Children but received One Parent and Two Children. <end>  Wife cried when she got this for Christmas  What more can I say? She adores it and hasn't taken it off since. I am glad I bought this for her, nice piece of jewelry for the price. <end>  Beautiful.  I got it for christmas and haven't taken it off since.. haha! its beautiful  -) love love love love love love it!!! <end>  LOVE IT  I can say how much I love this necklace!I had the 2 parents, and two kids but then I had another so I got the one with the two parents and 3 childern!I love it so much, not to too big not to small! <end>  happy!  this is a nice piece and proved to be a terrific gift for my daughter in law. brought tears to her eyes. <end>  My Wife Wears It All The Time.  My wife loves this piece, and the kids were excited to give it to her. A simple yet elegant gift. <end>  Pendant is heavy  I had one of these, but lost it. I believe the chain was too lightweight for the weight of the pendant. One of the loops probably spread out enough to come loose. I loved my necklace! It is beautiful and has a great message, but it is "heavy" as pendants go. 2 parents and 3 kids! So get a good strong chain, and check it periodically to make sure all LOOPS are still closed. <end>  Stunning  Absolutely beautiful, was a gift for my mom and she loves it. She wears it all the time, it is to represent my sister and I and her bf is like one of my mom's kids. I loved it myself, perfect size and so pretty. The silver was more apparent than this picture lets on. <end>  Very nice!  I puchased this for my eldest daughter for her 30th. birthday. She is married and has 3 beautiful daughters. I was at a lost as to what to get her, but I remembered her saying she wanted just such a necklace, and I was lucky to find this one. Great value, beautifuly designed, and she had never been more pleased with a gift. <end>  Gift that was recieved well  My wife loved the pendant. She has quite a selection of jewelry and trying to buy things to add can be quite the challenge.When I came across this on Amazon I knew that she would love it and she did.However I created a new problem. What to buy next year. <end>  My sister loved it!  I bought this for my sister and she absolutely loved it! I was very pleased with the product, my only complaint was I didn't get one for me! <end>  Perfect!!  I loved this!!! I bought it for my sister-in-law and now want one for myself. The pendant is beautiful and my sister-in-law almost cried when she received it. The chain is a good length, but I would recommend a longer one for more heavy set people. <end>  Lovely detail; petite, wonderful to behold  I gave this as a gift because I purchased one for myself a few years ago and liked it so much. Mine was a mother with three children. The newest one I purchased was as shown - parents with 3 children. This was smaller than the one I purchased earlier, but the detail and design just as lovely. The packaging was very special, too. The recipient was almost as pleased with the box it came in as the pendant and chain tucked inside. Mine is about 6 years old and has been worn often and still as beautiful as the day it arrived. I receive comments and very often compliments on mine whenever I wear it. This is a beautiful and very special gift to give to someone or gift yourself. <end>  Loving family pendant  I bought one of these pendants for myself and liked it so much I bought another one for my sister as a surprise. The pendant itself is very pretty and good quality sterling silver. It looks just like the picture. Remember to look at the dimensions specified in the description if you order one. I bought the small size - it is not a big pendant. If you prefer a larger piece you may want to consider the large size pendant. I personally love the small one and so does my sister. Specify if this is a gift- it comes with a nice gift box. The only thing I didn't love is the chain - it is pretty thin and has a pretty small clasp. But it does the job so I still rated it a 5 overall. Of course you can always put the pendant on another favorite chain if you like. I recommend this pendant for anyone looking for a special and meaningful gift for all the family oriented ladies out here! <end>  Wear it most everyday....several compliments, great mother's day gift  My MIL asked me to buy my own Christmas present and I picked this out as a friend had a similar one. I like it very much. If I could wish for anything, possibly an extension chain so I could wear it with different necklines, but really it's great! I bought a two parent, two children one for my sister. She seemed to like it, but she's tough to read....but it is a unique and thoughtful gift. Great for Mother's Day! I was satisfied with the quality of both necklaces. My box was damaged, but since it was for myself, it didn't bother me. I almost never take it off. It's still shiny and bright just like when I bought it. The only reason I can see for replacing it is if I had another addition! <end>  Loved It!  Second purchase of jewelry item from this seller. Quality is excellent, product was perfect!!! <end>  pretty and what was expected  This came when it was supposed to and was exactly what I ordered. It is pretty and looks like the advertised necklace. I was happy with my order and would order again from this company. <end>  Great Mother's day necklace  I received this necklace for Mother's day and I love it. I wear it everyday and have gotten many compliments on it. <end>  She LOVED It!! Perfect Gift!!!!  I ordered this necklace for a very close friend, it fit her family perfectly! I had it shipped to her address, and she called me the day it came to her house, just so excited about it! The pictures online don't do it justice,my friend came over the next day to show me how pretty this looked, and it just looked so much better in person for some reason. This was the perfect present!! I'm so glad I found it! Couldn't ask for anything better for a friend that I love as my Sister!!! I'm so very thankful!!! <end>  The jewelers are gift sensitive  All the people to whom I've given one of these pendant necklaces have loved them. The jewelers are sensitive to packaging and shipping when you specify if it is in fact a gift for someone. The delivery is prompt also. I was very pleased with my purchases. <end>  very good quality  I had been looking for a family pendant to give to my daughter and daughter in law. When I saw this one, I knew it was the one I wanted. It is very fine quality and depicts exactly what I think a family pendant should. I was very happy to be able to specify how many children, made it more personal. <end>  Great Valentine's Day Gift  It had been a while since I bought jewelry for my wife, so, to make sure that I had not lost my touch, I bought her this bit of sterling silver trinketry.Turns out I haven't lost my touch and she loved it. I think it's pretty cool myself. The curvy-lined people really brings out my inner Ayn Rand (Atlas Shrugged figurehead on the cover of her book), if I was really into Ayn Rand (maybe, maybe not). <end>  Loving Family Necklace  I sent the 'Loving Family' sterling silver necklace to a niece after telling her how much my daughter-in-law loved hers. She was delighted to receive hers too. She put it on right away and called me to thank me. I guess I made her day.Loving Family(R) Small Sterling Loving Mother and 2 Children Pendant <end>  wife loved it!!!  very simple, it doesnt screem look at me! which makes it that much better for everyday where, but still looks great when going out too. <end>  I expected to be disappointed but  I am thrilled with my necklace!It's just the right size. It's dainty and beautiful. I hope the chain doesnt break, as what happened with other buyer-reviewers here in Amazon.I just love my necklace. I hope they do this in 18 carat white gold. <end>  Gorgeous  The pendant is just perfect. The chain is just a tad looser than a choker, and I think I will get a longer one, but the pendant is really what I wanted. Thanks! <end>  Good quality  Very nice item, it's a bit flatter than the picture leads you to believe but this is a good thing. A bit expensive at $40 for sterling but very nice. <end>  My wife loved it...  ...so 5 stars. For the price it seems like a great value and is well made and packaged. The chain is about what you would expect at this price point. <end>  Perfect gift!  Gave to my daughter for Christmas...she has 3 daughters - and she loved it! Very nice and sentimental gift that she'll cherish as her girls get older. <end>  Wonderful Gift  Item received in excellent condition. I bought this necklace as a Christmas gift for my wife and she loves it. Overall, this a great product and fully recommend buyer to all. <end>  LOVE!  Gave this to my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loved it! When I recieved and inspected it, it was beautiful! Good quality, nice size, sturdy necklace and then picture doesnt do it justice...it's stunning! Way beyond my expectations! <end>  My wife loved it  This is a great gift for any wife who has 3 kids! It's inexpensive, but looks and feel pricey! It also comes in a really nice box. This particular necklace shows that it's very thoughtful when it comes to a loving family. Meaning, it's a great display of love for family. <end>  more beautiful in person  Perfect length. I love this necklace it completes my family. I wear it everyday. It has a beautiful box chain. Any mother would love this necklace I love the beautiful gift box it came in. I have nothing negative to say about this necklace. <end>  My Favorite Christmas Gift  My husband gave this to me the year we were expecting our third child. I cried when I opened it because our third child was making our family complete and this beautiful pendant expressed my love and pride for my family. I wear this several days a week and get compliments regularly on it. It's a great conversation starter as well and people will ask about my kids as a result. What I love most about this one is that it symbolizes my whole family and not just me with my kids. This truly is symbolic of my whole family and I wear it with pride whenever I can. <end>  My favorite necklace!  My husband let me pick out this necklace for my birthday and I absolutely love it. The quality is fantastic and I have gotten many compliments on it. The charm itself is a bit heavy but the chain is nice and sturdy, no worries about it breaking. Shipping was quick as well. <end>  Great gift for Mom!  Gave this to my mom when I got married as a reminder that our family isn't changing...we're just adding more people! Anyway, she loves it and wears it pretty much all the time (which is strange, because she actually wears jewelry very rarely!). It's abstract enough that even someone who doesn't like a lot of other &#34;Mom&#34; things really loved it. Also high quality and very pretty. <end>  Great Gift  My wife was thrilled with it. It's everything and more. It embodies the family in a unique kind of way. <end>  Very Pleased  I am very pleased with Sterling Silver Loving Family Heart Gift Necklace - Parents and 3 Children. The pendant is small, but I prefer smaller jewelry so it is perfect for me. The chain was a better qualify that I expected for the price. It is a short chain, but you can switch the chain out if you want. It shipped quickly even on the savers plan! A great piece for the price! <end>  Nice sentimental gift  The Sterling Silver Loving Family Heart Necklace - Parents and 3 Children is a nice piece of sentimental jewelry. I purchased this piece for my mother for mother's day. I considered the mother and three children pendant. It felt more correct to have both parents on the necklace. I was correct.The jewelry hangs nicely on her, and, she wears it with pride.I recommend this piece of jewelry. It was exactly what I expected it to be. <end>  Loving Family(R) Sterling Silver Pendant - Parents and Three Children  I got this item for my wife while I was deployed. It arrived a few days late, I wanted it to be there on valentines day, but it made my wife very happy; she loves it. Worth every penny. <end>  Gift  I got this as a mother's day present for my mom. She loved it and left me a message thanking me like a dozen times. <end>  Review of Loving Family Silver Pendant  The Pendant was beautiful, I would have preferred a slightly larger chain as the chains that are provided almost don't fit the "average" persons neck, instead become a 'choker' of sorts. Otherwise I was quite pleased with my order.One other comment is that I had to call on the order. It hadn't arrived and I was told by company the "Post Office" "lost" my order. They did send another pendant; did not charge additional postage, it did arrive in time, but had I not kept on top of it the item would not have been received when needed. <end>  loving family  I bought this item for my wife for Christmas and she loved it and hasreceived many compliments on it.Her only complaint was the clasp brokeawhile ago. <end>  Pendant  Pendant is beautiful. So is the little box it came in. It has a love "certification" for the person you give it to. <end>  BEAUTIFULLY MADE N EVEN MORE THAN EXPECTED  This is very good quality. Heavier sturdy and beautifully made.I highly recommend this to EVERYONE.As a mother to 3 wonderful children,I LOVE showing my loving family charm. <end>  ABSOLUTELY Gorgeous!  Wonderful to work with! I WILL definitely buy again from this company they are wonderful with any questions I had! <end>  Just what my sister wanted  I bought this as a gift for my sister who just had her 3rd baby and she loved it. We both almost cried and couldn't stop hugging, she loved it so much. It was the perfect gift! She liked that it was sterling silver (as opposed to silver plated) and I loved that I could afford to buy it for her. The design is subtle and it is the perfect size pendant. I got one for myself too (different family size) but am loving it. Will buy the bronze if our family size changes. I would give this 10 stars if I could. <end>  A perfect gift for a new mom of three  This is such a special gift to a new mom, now there are three little ones and she keeps this close to her heart. <end>  Very cute!  I bought this as a Birthday present for my mom and she loved it! It seems very good quality and it was just as pretty as the picture shows. <end>  Family necklace  I thought it was great and my wife loved it.I had a great expirence when ording from Amozon. And I had my necklace in plenty of time for Xmas this year. <end>  Great Product, it is flatter than I expected, but my wife loves it.  I was expecting the item to be a bit more spherical. However, it looks really nice. The quality is there. <end>  famliy with 3 children  granddaughter loved it ,we purchased it for her birthday,had it sent to her home so she was really surprised  -) <end>  Love It  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my mother and she just loved it. At first I wasn't sure if it would big and bulky, but after receiving this necklace I realized that it wasn't. It is flatter than I had expected. My mother keeps telling me how much she loves this necklace. <end>  Never last minute shopping again. Would not reccomend.  Way too expensive for something so small! You can't even appreciate it! My mom and other family members couldnt make out what it was because it was too small I actually had to point it out.It was really disappointing. I would not recommend this. <end>
 B000PAQBTE  Sterling Silver Malachite Scroll Design Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  nice quality  I think it's a lovely ring. The silver part of the ring is very well done. The stone I received is darker than shown but I am still pleased with the overall look of the ring. <end>
 B000PAQD4C  Sterling Silver Free-Form Green Fluorite Adjustable Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  Very cute ring  The stone does not look much like the picture (the stone is more translucent), but the ring is still very nice. Worthwhile if you catch it on sale. <end>
 B000PAQDXS  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Lapis Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  Nice but not as nice as other Sajen rings  A while ago I got the "Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen" for one of my friends. That ring is beautiful and very similiar to this one. However when I got this one for one of my other friends, although it is a nice ring, in my opinion it is not as nice as the first one I bought. For one, the scroll design does not go all the way around (I thought it would), and at least on the one I received, the stone and setting is a little malformed (not a nice rectangle).Overall it is still a very nice piece. The recipient of the ring loved it. I would go for the Garnet version first though if you don't already have it. A plus with both these rings is that the back is open so it is adjustable. <end>
 B000PAQE7I  22k Gold Overlay, Mystic Topaz and Rainbow Window Druzy Pendant by Sajen ||	  Very beautiful pendant  This is a very beautiful pendant. Quite overpriced, but you can get it at a decent price in the goldbox deals. There is a good balance in the two stones, and very good shine in them. It looks exactly as shown in the picture. The pendant has good weight to it. My 5 year old loved it so much, she kept begging me to give it to her. The only con is that it doesn't come with a chain. You'll need to buy that separately. <end>  Like wearing the stars on your neck...  This pendant is AMAZING. I cant tell you enough how that photo does NOT do this large pendant any justice. Its a NICE weight. Its pretty big too! Not too big, but big enough to to be the focal point of your necklaces if you layer. Beautiful enough to just be worn alone a a simple gold snake chain. The bail is thick and big and attached.. This pendant is like a geode..the middle is carved out of the main stone and sparkeles like no diamond could. The stone above is gorgeous too. Its truly so stunning i cant stop staring! Im mystified and so happy with this pendant! New favorite and a definate heirloom. <end>
 B000PAQEHI  Sterling Silver Dyed Cinnabar & Garnet Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Larger and heavier than I thought  These are quite large (the circle part is the size of a penny) and heavier than I like my earrings - my fault since I never made the conversion to metric. That said, I still like them and will wear them. <end>  Just Great!  I bought this earrings as a gift--I actually bought two pairs! They're large like another reviewer mentioned, but they're clearly high-quality, designer earrings! Came nicely packaged. I absolutely recommend them! <end>
 B000PAQHL6  Sterling Silver Loving Family Heart Necklace - Mother and 4 Children ||	  Very Special Reminder  As a recently divorced mother of 4, I was excited to find the pendant with only on adult. My children are the most important part of my life and this pendant is our reminder that we are a COMPLETE family circle even without thier dad... <end>  Cannot be found anywhere else!  Just about everyone carries similar pendants with the mother and one and/or two children. Three is very hard to find. Four was about impossible. I absolutely love it! I have had so many comments on it from people. <end>  Great Mother's Day Gift  I purchased this pendant for my wife as a Mother's Day gift and she absolutely loves it. She wears it daily and gets many comments about it. The price was fantastic and it was shipped right on time. <end>  GREAT GIFT FOR THE SINGLE MOM  I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY MOM FOR CHRISTMAS SINCE SHES BEEN A SINGLE MOM RAISING ME AND MY 3 SISTERS ALONE FOR AS LONG AS I BEEN ALIVE AND NOW THAT WE HAVE ALL GROWN UP AND MOVED TO VARIOUS PLACES I FELT THIS WAS THE PERFECT GIFT TO REUNITE THE GOOD OL DAYS IN OUR MINDS. I WASNT THERE WHEN SHE GOT IT BUT I CAN IMAGINE THE TEARS IN HER EYES. SHE CALLS ME CONSTINTLY TELLING ME HOW MUCH SHE LOVES IT AND HOW ITS A WAY TO HAVE HER KIDS CLOSE TO HER HEART WEN WE CANT BE CLOSE TO HOME. <end>  Beautiful piece  My daughter and her boyfriend bought this for me for Mother's Day. I am a widowed mom of four wonderful children. It symbolizes how we remain a tight family, even after the loss of my husband. I receive compliments every time I wear the pendant. It is expertly crafted, retains a high shine, and is a perfect size. It is definitely one of my very favorite pieces of jewelry to wear. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought two of these for some single mothers I know, who will love them. Their children are the center of their lives, which is why this gift will be close to their hearts. They will also be able to wear them for years to come, when we no longer work together and remember when.... <end>  SHE LOVED IT!!  THANK YOU FOR HAVING THE BEST MOTHER'S DAY GIFT. i HAD BEEN LOOKING FOR A PENDANT LIKE THAT FOR A LONG TIME. THANKS. <end>  Only 2 children and small  Ridiculous. I ordered this necklace and got the mother+ 2 children instead. What a fantastic mother's day gift...Also, microscopic. Picture needs quarter next to it so we can see the scale. <end>  Perfect necklace at a great price  My 4 sons and I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. This necklace showing a mother and four children was perfect. It is now 6 months later and the necklace has not left my wife's neck. I expected to see the necklace tarnished by this point, but it still looks as shiny as the day she opened it. Great quality for such a low price. I would have paid 3x to 4x the price for this. Great buy! <end>  Perfect!  It is really hard to find a mother's necklace for someone with more than 3 kids. I was very pleased to find this necklace- and for such a reasonable price (another website has the 3-kid version for almost twice as much)! I cannot wait to give this to my friend  D <end>  Perftct gift  I purchased this for my daughter and she loved it. It isn't too big, or too small. The size is just right. Very good quality. Chain is sturdy, yet faminine. I was hesitant to purchase when I could not see it first hand but I was not disappointed. <end>  Great!  It was great! It came on time and my mother loved it. It is a perfect gift for any mother. <end>  Beautiful Mother Charm  Bought for my wife for stocking stuffer. Great quality, and she loved wearing on Christmas. Good value for the price. <end>  Love it!  I absolutely LOVE this necklace! I had one before, but I had another child and wanted a necklace that reflected our current status. It's beautiful, and I've received many comments on it. <end>  Great mothers day gift for my mother (she has 4 grandchildren)  This is a very nice piece I bought it for my mother and gave it to her on mothers day. I will give you a piece of advice if you are giving it to someone who is older and wears glasses and might be a bit blind (sorry Mom). Tell them what it is my mother was very excited when I gave it to her and after she showed my sister when I had walked away she asked why I had given her a ballerina slipper (-.-)*But after my sister pointed out what it was it brought tears to her eyes and she came into the other room and gave me a bear hug and thanked me again. I know it is not the most expensive gift she has received but the symbolism of it being her playing with her 4 grandchildren really made it seem as if it was made of solid gold! <end>  This was smaller than expected  This was smaller than expected but very nice. We don't have 4 children so I told my wife I was the largest child - the 5 of us. She wears it all the time so I think she likes it too. <end>  Great stuff  Though quite little, got it for a sister and she likes it very much. Only hope the silver does not pale in a short while. For now, pretty satisfied! <end>  She loved it  I bought this for my Biological mother who I just found. I didn't want to spend too much money because I was worried about how it might come across! She absolutely loves it!! She wears it every day!!! <end>  Beautiful!  My children and I picked this necklace out and bought this for my wife as a gift for mother's day! My wife says she loves it and says it is so beautiful! <end>  Wonderful Mother's Day Gift!  I just bought this for my mother as a Mother's day gift. She loved it! I am on a limited budget as a college student so- the price for such a beautiful piece was amazing! <end>  Lovely  Lovely item and just what I was expecting. This definitely shows the love my mother gives. Thanks. <end>  awesome necklace  it was a gift for my mom and she loves it and wears it everyday! <end>  it is toooooooo small  well i bought this for a friendhowever i didn't read the specification well  (, the nickles is sooooo small, need a microscope to see it loool(just kidding)but it was well madehowever i dont recommend it as a gift, get the larger size  ) <end>  great deal  wife loved it jvk jhgyugyug vhjvgh h ghg u huhg hhgy hg h kug h h h ugh gug h <end>  mother and four children necklace  my mom loves it but the chain is too short. So now I have to take her to jewlery store to find the right size chain. <end>  She loved it  I had to order this at the last minute (12/21) for my son, for Christmas, to give to his mother. It made it 12/24 for Christmas day. His mother loved it. <end>  Awesome gift for a mother..  I was the one who made mom cry because of this awesome necklace. Well worth the money. It's petite but a nice addition to a mothers outfit. <end>  Mother's day gift  This one had the mother with four children, which was perfect for our gift. However, they had others with varying numbers of children. They all looked nice. She loved her gift. <end>  Exactly what she wanted!  This is the absolute perfect gift for your wife if you have 4 children. Both the pendant and chain are well made. Buy with confidence. I did. <end>
 B000PARWR4  Sterling Silver Mother-of-Pearl "Mom" Heart Locket, 18" ||	  Can't Get a Picture to Fit or Stay Put  My wife likes the pendant although we can't figure out how to get a picture to stay in there. It didn't come with directions and this is our first locket. <end>  Nice...but how do you get the picture in there?????!  It's a nice piece of jewelery for my 1 year old to give his mother for Christmas, but after I managed to get a picture made small enough for a locket (not as easy as you would think), there is no way to really fit it in there. I had to cut the picture into the shape of the locket as best I could and jam it in there. Who knows if it will just fall right out over time. We shall see. <end>  Nice sized locket  I rec'd this locket as a Christmas present and it is pretty nice. The chain is sturdy too. I can't figure out how to secure the picture inside and it did not come with instructions for securing the picture. Can someone help me with that? <end>
 B000PAS5I4  Sterling Silver Faceted Oval Green Obsidian Pendant by Sajen ||	  Pretty Big pendant  I really liked this pendant although the color of the stone I received was much lighter and greener than that pictured. It's very large and makes quite a statement. I've gotten several comments on it. If you're sensitive to such things it's a little on the heavy side. I wear it on a silver Omega necklace and it's quite a showy pendant. <end>
 B000PAS5OS  Sterling Silver Amber Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Beautiful  I was given these earrings for the Holidays this past year. They are quite beautiful. The length is just perfect. The "stones" are perfect. I get plenty of compliments each time that I wear them, always a boost to a girl's ego.Yes, I am gushing. <end>
 B000PAS63S  Sterling Silver Adjustable Carved Dyed Cinnabar Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  Beautiful ring...can't beat the price!  I bought this ring for myself while Sajen jewelry was on sale for 30% off. After getting the ring, I added several more of these beautiful pieces to my wish list. <end>
 B000PAS656  Sterling Silver Adjustable Carved Dyed Cinnabar Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  Beautiful ring...can't beat the price!  I bought this ring for myself while Sajen jewelry was on sale for 30% off. After getting the ring, I added several more of these beautiful pieces to my wish list. <end>
 B000PAS66K  Sterling Silver Adjustable Mud Bead Ring by Sajen, Size 5 ||	  Nice Ring  This ring is more petite than I think I expected. I like it just the same. It looks great on my hand. The adjustable size makes it great..I don't wear a 6...so I had to pop out the side to adjust and it worked out just great. The silver is of a good weight and the packaging it came in was top quality. The price for this was reasonable too. If earrings come out to match...I'll get those too... Its really quite hard to find pieces like this. I was happy to find this! <end>
 B000PAS9RQ  Sterling Silver Loving Family Heart Necklace - Parents and 4 Children ||	  wife loved it  I was extremely happy with the product. It was a hit with the wife and the specs that were given couldn't have been more accurate <end>  Great product for the price  I bought this for my wife and she loves it. The necklace is a bit small, but it is a great deal for the price (with four kids it's about all I could afford, ha, ha). We are very pleased with our purchase. <end>  love it  Love the necklaces. I have purchased 4 for the special moms in my life. THey are beautiful! <end>  Just Beautiful  This pendant is beautiful. It's the perfect size and arrived in a very nice box for presentation. My wife loves it. Highly recommended. <end>  my daughter in law LOVED it  The item is of better quality than i thought. Shipped & received EARLIER than expexcted. Came with it's own seperate gift box.Done with class. Thank you. <end>  Great Gift  Bought this for my mom for a Mother's Day Gift, she loves it. Won't take it off! <end>  Beautiful  We bought several of these as gifts. I had been given one a few years ago and I absolutely love it. <end>  Wife loved it.  My wife loved it. Great mother's day gift. Honestly, I'm not sure what else to say, it was definitely well received. <end>  Great Gift for my Wife  I purchased this for my wife as a &#34;little something&#34; for Valentine's day. My 5 year old asked her why her eyes were red and watery when she opened it. She loved it. Quality and packaging met my expectations. <end>  Very pretty and sweet little necklace!  Purchased as a gift, and she loved it. Excellent quality product that comes in very nice packaging. Would definitely recommend! <end>  Pretty  When I saw this advertised on Amazon I knew my wife would love it. I had to do a bit of searching to find one that had 4 children but it was worth the work. Shipped very quick and I am ready to give it my wife. I know she will enjoy it. <end>  She Loved It  I had a feeling when I saw this necklace that my wife would love it, and I was right. She has already worn it multiple times. Family means a lot to her. With the four children included in the necklace, it represents our family in a beautiful way. <end>  Pretty  This is very pretty. The way the kids lean outward allows for them to catch on sweaters and other clothing. Still a very nice item. <end>  Perfect gift for a mom of four  This necklace was the perfect gift for this mom of four, it's a nice quality piece and goes with everything. <end>  Love  I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. It is very cute they are expecting their fourth baby in May. <end>  Very prompt shipment  I am truly greatful. Now, I must be honest, when I first opened the package a bit a disappointment struck my mind from the size. It does look much different from the picture, but after thinking about it, it is the PERFECT size and shape to keep the necklace FROM popping. GREAT BUY!!! To the seller, it may help to include the approx weight of the charm somewhere in the description. Overall, great!!! Thx again... <end>  Family necklace  Purchased this necklace to represent my husband and me with our four grandchildren. It is a lovely necklace and I've had many compliments on it. <end>  Great gift  I purchased this for my Mother in law to represent the grandchildren. It's such a sweet gift and very pretty. <end>  a bit disappointed  the only issue I had was the chain arrived to me turnished but the pendant was in great condition.A beauitful gift for your wife or mother. <end>
 B000PCXT8I  10k Yellow Gold Pink Amethyst Ring, Size 7 ||	  It's like a diamond to me!  I knew from past experience that this pink amethyst stone would be lighter than the picture, but that was what I wanted. I wanted a very large, sparkling stone with just a wash of color, and that describes this ring. It has many light-catching facets and a subtle tint of violet-pink. Mine measures 3/4" from top to bottom. Because of it's impressive size, I wear it on my middle finger and, needless to say, I wear no other rings on that hand that might cause a distraction. This is a ring that could make some ladies feel like royalty! A word on caring for this precious stone  While the 10K gold setting seems sturdy enough, there are only 4 prongs which seem a bit lighter than my other rings. Please go easy on this ring - spare it from housework and sports activities because you might cry if you lose it. This type of gemstone has also been known to chip, so treat it with lots of TLC. Hope you love your ring as I do mine! <end>  Large Bauble  This is a very pretty ring but my hands are rather small. It looked like costume jewelry on my hands so I returned the ring. <end>  Gentle and beautiful.  The ring itself (gold part) is not as thick as it is on the picture, but still beautiful. This is the only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars.Overall I am happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000PDW9A6  Brown Bead Bone Choker Mini Breast Plate with Buffalo Bone Hairpipes ||	  An Attention Getter!!  It's sexy. I received a great deal of compliments and attention from strangers and co-workers alike. Well worth the purchase. <end>
 B000PDY3UA  Glass Beads Green Necklace "Half Full" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Beautiful and Striking Necklace  Received the green one as a gift and absolutely loved it. Since then I have bought all the colors and matching bracelets.Glass Beads Green Bracelet "Half Full" -Fair Trade GiftsGlass Beads Blue Bracelet "Half Full" -Mother's Day Gifts <end>
 B000PEC4CS  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Dangling Dolphin with Blue Topaz-like Stone Toe Ring ||	  Fits good...  Fits good but pinches sometimes, I squeeze it to fit but still spins around on toe. <end>
 B000PECEBO  GemOro Sparkle Spa Personal Ultrasonic Mini Ultrasonic Cleaner ||	  Thrilled  Easy to use and operate. You only need a few cap fulls of the cleaner to a whole tnak of water so econimical! Turned dull items into sparklers! I highly recommend it! <end>  GemOro Sparkle Spa  This is the best gift my husband has ever given me. I can keep my wedding ring and other special jewelry sparkling like new. Now I don't have to drop in at my jeweler's shop to have my rings cleaned! <end>  sparkle spa  Item works very well. I've used a little bit of Dawn dish washing liquid and cleans things nicely. Could use a basket insert with a finer strainer for small jewelry items (i.e. diamond earrings). Otherwise perfect. <end>  Worked for final cleaning of technical pen nibs and parts.  I used it for final cleaning of technical pen nibs and parts using warm water. This was after bulb cleaning and soaking in denatured alcohol. Success was declared by the removal of residual amounts of ink from the threaded retainer rings and the nibs worked fine. I did buy a &#34;can strainer&#34; from BB&B (which fit perfectly) to insure no parts made it through the supplied holder. <end>  loose wire  This product works great, but only for a short time before shorting out. I usually get about a few months service out of it before it malfunctions and the ultrasonic feature does not work anymore. I've had two of these and both have broken down in a short period of time. <end>
 B000PEDU5I  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Dangling Dragonfly with Purple Amethyst-like Stone Toe Ring ||	  Best present  I bought this toe ring for my cousin who is obsessed with dragonflies! She loved it!! <end>
 B000PEFKVA  14K Yellow Gold Pendant Enhancer ||	  Stylish enhancer  I've had this gold enhancer for a while now. It's a really nice way to dress up a plain gold chain. Also note that the gold is good quality. The color has not changed at all. For those like me that have darker skin, it is a shade of yellow gold that's not too yellow. The finish is shiny, but not overly shiny. Just really pretty, In terms of size, it's about the length of the first digit of my thumb. <end>
 B000PEHFR2  14K Yellow Gold Oval Shaped Locket ||	  elcidvilla  The locket was well described so you get the product you are looking for. It was a gift for my wife and she loved it. Well made hinges, beautiful engraving and good presentation. <end>
 B000PEHJVE  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant ||	  Great necklace for teenager  My teenage daughter scouted around for a necklace that was not too dressy but not too plain. This cross contains just enough detail and can be worn with dress or casual clothing. She really loves it. <end>
 B000PEI972  14K Yellow Gold Butterfly Chain Pendant Slide ||	  Lovely!  This pendant is better looking in person than what you see. I decided that each of my closest friends will all get a butterfly pendant as a token of our friendship to tell them that where ever they may be, they are never alone. This one looks so elegant and I'm hoping that she'll like it! <end>
 B000PEINWS  14k Yellow Gold Akoya Cultured Pearl Stud Earrings (6.5-7mm) ||	  they are so cute...  I give these to my sister on her Birthday, and she loves them. I was very glad that these earring were made with 14k gold, because She and I got very sensitive ears. These pearls are pretty good equal size, and with nice lusters, just a little blemish, but i think it was worth the money. I think this is one of the my best purchase with amazon so far. <end>  just okay  the stems are too short i am not impressed i thought they would be a little bit bigger and the posts on the back are too small <end>  homemaker  i love pearls and these are no exception theses are nice size and seem like good quality and i wear them often. they arrived on time and nicley packaged <end>  KleenKrew  These earrings are beautiful. I purchased two pairs as gifts for my daughter and daughter-in-law. They were both blown away by the size of the pearls and they looked great on their ears. I would purchase them again. <end>  Pretty pearls don't stay on  It's been about 1.5 years after these were purchased for my wife. She loved them and used to wear them all the time until the pearl came off of the stem about 3 months later. I fixed it with some super glue (just a small dab that was invisible) and they lasted about another 3 months when I fixed it again. Now it has come off again and she is tired of dealing with it. Somehow the pearl hasn't been lost in any of these cases but this doesn't speak highly of the construction quality of this item.Overall they are pretty but it seems like a bit of a gamble that you will get some that stay on all the time and don't require a little fixing every now and then. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These were a gift for my daughter. They are very beautiful, nice size and made with good quality. I was thinking of ordering another pair for myself. <end>  Very nice earrings  The earrings were very pretty and perfect size, not too big or small. I bought them as a gift and the recipient loved them. My only complaint was the packaging. They did not come in a little blue suede pouch as advertised. They came in an oversized flat brown amazon shipping box with nothing inside but the earrings. I had to reuse an old gift box I had at home in order to gift them properly. Had it not been for the crappy packaging I would've given these 5 stars. <end>  Very beautiful earings!  These earings came in a nice soft poutch to protect their luster and eclosed in a very hard jewelry box for more protection. As stated, they are very nice. I'm no expert on pearls but I could see no blemishes or marring of any kind. They made a great gift for my mother, especially at this price you can't beat it. <end>  LOVE THESE AND SO WILL YOU!!!!  I purchased these for my daughter because she has severe allergies and can only wear certain types of earrings. I placed three orders before I placed this one(with other sellers on Amazon.com) and not only did it come early but also before any of my other orders!!!! It was VERY well packaged and they were also more beautiful than I expected! I am very pleased with my purchase and would suggest getting these to anyone looking for a nice pair of studs or even for a child not quite ready for dangling earrings like I did. <end>  Sleek and Elegant  I was looking for pearl studs but did not want to pay a fortune. This pair is absolutely genuine and quite elegant, and is exactly what I ordered. Thank you for a great pair of pearl studs. <end>  Lovely pearl studs.  These earrings arrived "lightening fast", and were very well packaged in a sturdy small mailing box, within which was a nice blue gift box, within which was a blue velour drawstring bag containing the earrings. The earrings look just as I expected. They are a ivory/white color and have a pearly sheen to them, which you can't really see in the example photo. (Pearls can have an irridescence look to them. ) I bought this set on Gold Box special for around $20, and they are more than worth it. The shape of each pearl i recieved is close to perfect, and there are just a few very tiny flaws (little "dents") in the surface that are so miniscule I had to look really close-up to even find them. The diameter of my pearls is 6.5 mm , which is almost exactly the diameter of the end of a standard pencil eraser. I have med-sized earlobes for a 5'2" person, and I think these pearls are proportioned nicely for my face - even are a tiny bit larger than I might have thought to buy in person. The posts are a generous length too, which is good becuase they will poke me in the head if I go to sleep and forget to take them off ! I wish i could have bought 3 sets (extras for gifts), but the particular sale only allowed one set per person... <end>  The Earrings  The pearl earring were great except one earring had a dented pearl. It was hardly noticeable but I noticed. They were a gift for my mother. She likes them and wears them a lot! <end>  Very Pretty!  I do love these pearls! Like a previous reviewer said, I too noticed small nicks in the pearls. They aren't perfect but when you are wearing them, nobody will see the imperfections. Besides, it seems mine are mounted so the imperfections face toward the stud. For the price, I'd recommend them. <end>  Pearls have a nice sheen, a little small for me, Perfect for those with smaller ears.  The earrings are pretty, 14K gold cup holders have nice Akoya pearls at the front. Good sheen and lustre and a nice round shape. These are the size of petite peas and were a little small for my taste, as I usually wear very large stud earrings. These look tiny on my ears but were a little too big for my kid. So I may just gift them to someone else. By the way, Amazon's shipping is fast but it was blazing fast this time...I ordered these earrings on Feb 21st evening and they arrived Feb 22nd at 11 30 AM traveling from KY to GA. I was stunned! <end>  I just love them!  I bought these for a mother-of pearl and gold pendant I already had, and they resulted the perfect combination! They are a very nice size, the pearls have a subtle sheen and the posts are gold, so no problem for sensitive ears! I got these through a gold box deal from Amazon for only $19.99, so I couldn't be happier. Great value for the price! <end>  OK pearls  I bought the earrings for my niece. The earrings look pretty from distance. The Akoya pearls are definitely more lustrous than other pearls. But it is easy to see the blemishes and dents on the pearls. <end>  Pretty  These are very pretty earrings and nicer than I had expected. They look good with casual or dressy. They are comfortable to wear on my ears. All in all I would order more this size of something else or another color. <end>  cute and sweet  This was a gift, very sweet since I've been wearing plastic pearls for 2 years. They are small (6mm) so if you are looking for more of an impact, go larger. Both of mine are blemished, not badly, but not prestine as in the picture. Nice size/gift for a younger girl. Maybe someday I'll have AAA 8.5's, but for now these are fine. <end>  Lovely earrings  Very nice earrings for the price. The color is a soft white and matches the pearls I bought at another store. <end>  Nice earrings, but the backs are small  The pearls are nice and lustrous - they look good. The backs are small and made my daughter worry about losing the earrings. Good value for the price. <end>  Great for the Price  Shipped very fast! Great for the price. Exactly what I was expecting. Obviously these are not high quality pearls but that is not what I was wanting. Very pretty, I would reccommend this item to anyone who is looking for a better quality pearl than you buy at large retail stores. <end>  Decent, Basic Pearl Earrings  These earrings came in very good condition -- no blemishes, nicely mounted on 14k gold studs. The color is as you would expect from this price range -- very white, only slight opalescence, but decent enough to wear. I wanted these pearls as I've lost most of the ones I've had over the years and didn't want to spend a fortune on very high grade pearls. I have found that single pearl studs make a simple and pretty statement and can be worn with just about anything. They can "class up" jeans and a tee shirt or complete a classy outfit. For the price, you can't go wrong, as long as you're not expecting a rich, deep color that can only come with spending a lot more money. <end>  a classic  These earrings were exactly as advertised and will make a lovely Christmas gift. Pearl studs never go out of style! <end>  Beautiful pearls and great price  The pearls were lovely and the price was very reasonable. The size is correct. I was happy with the purchase. <end>  Pearl Earrings  The earring is well made and perfect for my needs. The quality and price are a great bargain. Pearls are elegant at any time. These work well for every day as well as for evening wear. <end>  Looks great  I always wanted to buy 14K yellow gold pearl studs. When I saw this on sale I did not hesitate to buy. I'm so glad I did. These pearls are gorgeous and are perfect for office use or when going out. The studs are very dainty and have the right shine. <end>  Beautiful and dainty  I am a small woman with small ears so, the size of these earrings was perfect for me. They were beautiful and dainty. The color is exactly what I was going for (although the color of the pearl on the earrings was different than on the necklace). The problem was these earrings were so flimsy that they started to bend upon opening the lever-back. Not good. I was afraid I might rip my earring hole trying to get these off. If they weren't so malleable, they would be awesome. <end>  Pearl earrings  Arrived a couple of days ago. Little blue velvet bag inside little blue box, the kind of gift that wraps up nicely. Pearls aren't perfect, but they look lovely. Pearl size is a little big for me, which just means I need to find a smaller size next time. Will update with any changes. <end>  Great Little pair of earrings  I got this as a christmas gift and they are just so cute. I am going to purchase the necklace at a later date. The pearls have a very nice luster and they are solid knobs. <end>  Beautiful!!!  These arrived super fast and are absolutely beautiful! The color and medium-high luster perfectly matched a smaller set I bought from amazon on black Friday. There is one imperfection on one of the earrings, but no one should get close enough to your ear to see it, and it just proves that it is real. <end>  Not happy at all  I originally purchased a pair of pearls earlier this year off amazon for my girlfriend and they were perfect. Everything she could have asked for and more. Sadly, one of those pearl earrings fell out and she lost it. So I bought her another pair for Christmas. She had them in for the day and now her ear is having an allergic reaction to them. I don't know if it's true 14k gold or not because the first ones didn't do this to her. http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004UGKP8M/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00 were the original ones I purchased in May. The only difference between the two are the color of the gold, size of the pearl, and quality of the pearl. I'm not happy that this caused her ear to get infected. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Akoya pearl earrings  Received these in two days as promised, on Christmas Eve. The pearls are very pretty and perfect size, not too big to be overbearing but large enough to be adult classy, not child size, just right. The pearls are a perfect match size and color. The only downsides are that I wish it came with a nice velvet box for wow factor when box is opened but did have a nice velvet drawstring pouch with divider so they don't rub on each other. Also the back posts seem thin, not thick or heavy duty. I hope they hold up over the long haul because they are very pretty. <end>  Poor packaging  They came in a paper box and black fake velvet bad. Really not gift worthy. Had to spend more money just to be able to give them to my niece for Christmas. <end>  Perfect Size! Love em!  They are exactly what I wanted! Just what you want to put on when you are in a hurry and don't want to be fussy. Perfect for everyday. <end>  Beautiful, exactly as described -) Great price!  I really love these earrings, the price was soooo reasonable! Beautiful, I paid extra so item would arrive by Christmas, they did! <end>  Beautiful and perfect size  High quality, nice sheen and perfect size. They were a gift for my 19 year old daughter and she loves them. <end>  Cultured Pearl Earrings  They arrived on time and are beautiful. They are a Christmas present for my 15 year old granddaughter and I know she will love them. <end>  Quite nice for the money  They were as advertised. I would have preferred a little display box for them, but the little satchel they came in was nice. <end>  pearl stud earrings  They have a nice luster, very good product. Merchandise was as advertised. I would purchase again or reccomend for anyone for purchase. <end>  For the price paid, I can't quibble too much  I hope these are real, but they border on being too perfect and artificially unreal. I only wish I could see the natural imperfections of true pearls... Color is nicely even on both. The stem ends are needle-thin making it almost too thin to stay secure in the tiny clasps. To remedy that, I squeezed the clasps together by pinching them very carefully (a trick learned from a jeweler). 6.5-7mm is much bigger than I expected. <end>  Looks Fake  The pearls I received looked nothing like the picture. The pearls in the picture has nice luster with a pink hue and what looks to be medium nacre. I understand that every pearl is different so I can only speak to the pair of pearl earrings I received. The pair of earrings I got were white (no hue), a chalky luster and a very thin nacre coating that can quickly peel, crack or simply wear off. I agree with one of the reviewers that it looks fake, just like the kind you buy for a 4 year old child. I think the picture is very misleading, but commend Amazon for making returns easy. <end>  earrings are ok  These pearl earrings are ok value if they are advertised as fresh water pearls. However, I would expect Akoya pearls if that is what the listing says. Good thing is that there is no fuzz on the return. <end>  Fell apart in two months  I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend. The back piece fell off one of the pearls within two months. She was very disappointed. <end>  Perfect!  I am very allergic to earrings that are not high quality gold. I bought these as a gamble because I have gone to fine jewelry stores and been allergic to some of the 14K gold earrings in the past. These did not bother my ears (personally), which is great becasue I have a terrible time finding earrings. <end>  great for the price.  For $19 dollars I was pleased with these earrings although I honestly don't know much about identifying the quality of pearls. I just received them so don't know if they will hold to the test of time without breaking, and they are somewhat blemished but as other reviewers mentioned you have to look closely to see the blemishes. They are a perfect size for my ears (I have thick earlobes, they might seem big if your earlobes are tiny) and they have a pretty shine to them. Do note that these are not pink as they appear in the picture. I think it is the lighting of the camera that seems to give them the pink hue. They are actually white. <end>  GREAT BUY!  PERFECT SIZE, FOR PROFESSIONAL WOMEN. I LOVE THESE EARRINGS, THEY ARE JUST RIGHT NOT TO BIG, NOR SMALL. OVERALL GREAT! <end>  Perfect!  The product was sent in a very timely manner, and was EXACTLY what I was looking for! Absolutely beautiful, and was even shipped in a nice safe little pouch. Everything about the product and the seller was exactly what I was looking for. <end>  Great product  I bought these for my girlfriend this past christmas and they are truly stunning for the price. They weren't dented or scratched at all. They sparkle in the dark and are absoultly amazing. <end>  Great Value!  I purchased these earrings as a Gold Box deal, and they are an incredible value! Even at full price, I think they are worth it. I was suprised by the great luster. I bought them to wear with a pearl necklace that used to belong to my mother, and believe it or not, these earrings have better luster than the necklace! The "blemishes" are very slight -- they would never be noticed while wearing. The posts and backs are substantial enough to be functional. They come in a nice pouch and box with a "fine jewelry care" card, so they would make a great gift. Highly Recommend! <end>  Gorgeous!  I purchased these moderately priced earrings for myself and am very pleased. They arrived quickly in great condition and were easy to insert. They do a sufficient job staying intact and I have already received numerous compliments on them. They didn't appear "too small" for me as several other reviewers complained. They were the perfect size  ) <end>  Beautiful and a wonderful value.  Lovely color, very pretty and a wonderful value. Sent promptly in very pretty packaging. Would make a terrific gift. I'd be happy to buy from the vendor again. <end>  Perfect for my princess  Purchased for my 7 yr old daughter and the size fits perfectly. She wears it all the time. It is exactly as advertised. We love the earring. Will probably buy her more. <end>  pearl earrings at a good price value  I wanted pearl stud earrings in a classic style. These were priced reasonably and have a look that suggests timelessness. These are definitely keepers. <end>  Pearl earrings  Very nice...good quality. A bit smaller than I thought they would be...but very happy with purchase <end>  nice, and pretty, but back holder is too loose.  The pice is pretty nice. The earing itself is very pretty, the color is a little bit too yellow for me compare to the real picture. after 1 week wearing them, I lost one already. BTW, maybe it has something to do with that I love to wear turtleneck sweater. I feel so bad after I lost one. <end>  Bigger than I thought  I really liked these earrings! The price was unbelievable and the size was very nice (bigger than what I thought)They look nice for either dressy or casual. <end>  Dangerous studs  The first time i wore these the pearl fell off and the shaft cut my ear! Only give these as a gift to someone you don't like! <end>  The pearls do not match each other  These pearls do not match each other in size and color.The box and bag that contain the earrings look cheap. <end>  Okay, maybe even decent for the price  I bought these earrings for a great price, so I wasn't expecting top quality, but the packaging left quite a bit to be desired. I was giving them to my daughter for a birthday gift, and had to reuse an old earring box I had to wrap them. The cheap drawstring bag and the loose sheets of white foam make the earrings look extremely cheap. That being said, I was relatively pleased with the actual earrings themselves. If you're looking for a pair of cheap pearl earrings, these are a good buy. <end>  So-so Pearl Studs...  Ordered 3 pair of these earrings, to use as gifts. Out of a total of 6 earrings, 2 were not glued completely to the posts, at danger of falling off posts, but these pearls were good, very minor blemishes, almost flawless. Two were very severly blemished on the front, most visible part of the pearls, with many dents and bumps. Two had dark spots, swirls and blemishes, again on the front of the pearls. None were near as pristine as in the picture. The blemishes/dark areas were visible from across the room. The good thing is that the posts and backs were solid and secure. Also, Akoya pearls have a nice, lustrous sheen. Returned for refund, as I would not want to give these as a gift to someone I liked. With Amazon jewelry, it is real hit or miss. I'm glad they are good about returns. Thanks Amazon! Very disappointed. <end>  too small  It is not what the picture look like. They are too small. The color is white which the picture is light pink. <end>  Excellent.  I got them for my friend on her birthday. They came in a plain white box. I put them in a Macys box I had for better presentation. The gift was well appreciated. <end>  Good bargain  I bought these earrings for my mother who lost the ones my father gave her for their engagement 40 years ago. They were supposed to be a nice but cheap replacement but when she got them she loved them very much. Very good bargain for the price. The pearls have a good luster and a beautiful colour. I do really recommend them. <end>  Beautiful for the money. A great value.  I purchased 3 pair of these earrings for Christmas gifts this year. They are lovely pearls for the money and I am very pleased. So much nicer to get an akoya pearl than fresh water, although fresh water pearl are lovely. I have several pairs of those also, but they are nothing in comparison with these earrings. The luster is outstanding. And they are not flat, like a potato pearl. These are classic in shape and in color. 14 kt yellow gold is another plus. And so very feminine.The reason why I gave them 4 stars is one, the presentation could have been better. I would have liked to give these in a real earring box, and two, there are very slight flaws in some of the pearls, but they do not affect the luster and do not show. The pair with the most noticeable flaw I kept for myself and no one would ever see it unless very closely inspected.To the reviewer who said they fell apart after three months, pearls cannot be handled in the same way as hard stone earrings. They are delicate. They should not be worn to bed at night and they should not be worn in the shower or under harsh weather conditions (like to the beach). They should not be exposed to harsh soaps, chemicals, hair spray etc. The rule for pearls has always been last thing on when you are getting dressed and first thing off when getting undressed. Good pearls properly taken care off will be something handed down to the next generation. Although they look lovely against fresh young skin they may not be a proper gift for a teenager who does not yet know how to take care of delicate items. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  i bought these earrings for my 14 year old daughter. she absolutely loves them!! the pearls have a beautiful luster. the shape is perfect. the pearls are just the right size for the girl with smaller/medium ears. an excellent buy <end>  Pearl Earrings  I love my pearl earrings - they are just as nice as I thought they would be. I love wearing them and have gotten many compliments. <end>  Great product  It looks really very nice. My wife like its glaze. The product is worth of money you spend. <end>  Cute  I feel it's smaller than 6.5-7mm. It's cute and has great luster, but simply smaller than I expect. <end>  Fabulous!!!  These earrings are so simple and elegant.....I will buy from this seller again! I think the price was really good and the shipping was really fast! I am so very pleased with my purchase! <end>  Great purchase  Beautiful earrings for the price! I was satisfied. They were better than I expected. They are round and without flaw. <end>  Go Akoya  I was afraid that they might be a bit too big--What will 6.5 mm look like? But no, they're just right. Nice and simple, sure to please. <end>  Poor quality, many defects  Go buy some fake pearls at the local kids jewelry place. They will look every bit as good as these. VERY disappointed. I bought these for an additional birthday present for my wife and they have become the third thing I have returned to Amazon (3+ years). Horrendous quality, defects clearly visible all over the pearls, and not round either. If these are Akoya, then Akoya is selling junk these days! STAY AWAY! <end>  Pearl Earings  Product met the description. My wife, a severe critic of most of my gift purchases, thought the earings were a good value and a great gift for my daughter. My daughter was very pleased and wore them the next day. Very attractive item for the price. <end>  Looked good overall  We liked what we saw. When we received them there were a bit more "natural" variations in the surface than we would have liked. However, we did decide to keep them and we are happy with them. <end>  love them!!!! Perfect for everyday.  This has to be my fifth pair of Akoya 7mm earrings. If I could keep my daughters out of my bathroom, they'd last longer. These are well made, with sturdy and secure backs. I just love them. The size is perfect for wearing with jeans or even an evening out. They are not too large that they droop on my ear lobe... very nice look and good craftsmanship. The pair I received had no visible flaws - and very nice luster, and this pair has a pink blush to them. They're not Mikimoto quality, but much nicer than I see at Zales or most of the mall jewelry stores - and you can't beat the price. For $19, I wish I'd bought three pair. <end>  Beautiful  These are beautiful pearls, with lots of luster. I actually prefer this size to larger pearls, and on my medium size ear-lobes the earrings have plenty of presence. The gold post is a bit thin, and the clutch is very small, but they fit together well. (I expected this because of the price of gold these days). I'm quite pleased. <end>  Beautiful and Tasteful  I recently bought these from Amazon's Gold Box to dress up my look for work. I personally think they are an excellent size and maybe i got lucky but there are no visible divits in them. Mine have a white sheen to them instead of the yellow described in a previous review so the pearls are unique to each set and perfect for me. I have a major allergy to metal but so far these haven't irritated me so here's hoping.... If you are looking for something classic these are the pearls for you. <end>  gorgeous pearls  These earrings are just exquisite. The color is great and the packaging is fantastic. I couldn't ask for a lovelier pair of earrings. <end>  Pearl earrings  These earrings are beautiful. If you are looking for a simple pair of stud earrings, these are perfect. <end>  good earrings  I purchased these earrings for myself. They are not the best quality in the world but they are fine- like the other buyers there are small divits in them but I don't think any one would notice unless they were really looking at them. The backs do fit on snugly which is nice because I have lost a couple of pairs because they were to loose.I would buy again. <end>  Earrings  The earrings were not bad overall. Tiny butterfly backs seem cheap. At least they didn't break when I wore them. <end>  Very pretty  The color, length of the post are perfect. Great price too. Would give them as a gift. I wear them frequently. <end>  Akoya Pearls-Beautiful  This was a gift from a very special person and they are absolutely beautiful. The price was very affordable and the perals were so luminous. Very pleased and excited about purchase. <end>  Just what I was looking for.  I lost one of my pearl earrings and needed to replace them. These are perfect for my use and the price and quick delivery made me happy. <end>  especially for a smaller woman.  These are beautiful earrings and a very good value. They don't have quite as much luster as I'd like, but they're still very beautiful. i think these are quite substantial, especially for a smaller woman. I'm very happy with this purchase. <end>  Earrings!!  Was so pleased wit these earrings. Just what I wanted for a young girl, just got her ears pierced, Quality, size & price <end>  Look beautiful on  Have enjoyed then very much are perfict for what I bought them, a must have in jewelery for dress attire <end>  Solid Quality Earings  These area good looking, quality earrings that look better in person than I expected. They are comfortable and well made. <end>  Pearl Earrings  Very nice essential earrings. Every woman should own at least one pair. I bought these as a gift -- she loves them. I would recommend these pearls to friends and family. The service was excellent! <end>  Pearls  These are really pretty and a great size and price. They go with everything and look great. I would definitely buy them again <end>  Pretty But Not Well Made  I was gifted these earrings for Christmas 2007. They were very beautiful and I wore them everyday. After 5 months one of the pearls broke off the post. They are nice looking, however they don't seem to be well made. <end>  Beautiful  These are beautiful pearls, with lots of luster. I actually prefer this size to larger pearls, and on my medium size ear-lobes the earrings have plenty of presence. The gold post is a bit thin, and the clutch is very small, but they fit together well. (I expected this because of the price of gold these days). I'm quite pleased. <end>  Beautiful and Tasteful  I recently bought these from Amazon's Gold Box to dress up my look for work. I personally think they are an excellent size and maybe i got lucky but there are no visible divits in them. Mine have a white sheen to them instead of the yellow described in a previous review so the pearls are unique to each set and perfect for me. I have a major allergy to metal but so far these haven't irritated me so here's hoping.... If you are looking for something classic these are the pearls for you. <end>  gorgeous pearls  These earrings are just exquisite. The color is great and the packaging is fantastic. I couldn't ask for a lovelier pair of earrings. <end>  Pearl earrings  These earrings are beautiful. If you are looking for a simple pair of stud earrings, these are perfect. <end>  good earrings  I purchased these earrings for myself. They are not the best quality in the world but they are fine- like the other buyers there are small divits in them but I don't think any one would notice unless they were really looking at them. The backs do fit on snugly which is nice because I have lost a couple of pairs because they were to loose.I would buy again. <end>  Lovely, excellent value!  Pearls and gold! For less than $20 on a Friday Sale, you will receive a set of genuine pearl earrings with gorgeous luster, elegantly packaged in a dainty velour gift bag enclosed in a padded box. They are small enough to wear as the second pair, if you have double ear piercings, and large enough to wear alone for simple timeless elegance. Remember to take care of your pearls by putting them in AFTER all hair products or fragrance; after wearing, keep them stored safely in their little bag to avoid any scratches to their natural surface. These would make a delightful gift for any special occasion--Christmas, birthday, graduation, romantic holiday or just to let someone special know you care! Lovely! <end>  Beautiful and a great price!  The earrings are bigger than I imagined, and of seemingly good quality. The gold irritates my ears a bit, but they look beautiful and classy. <end>  Nice earrings - not fabulous, but not bad either  I am always amazed by the people who criticize the size of an earring when the size is always quite clearly specified in the description. More people need to learn how to read the metric side of a ruler. (Tell me, just what about 6.5-7 mm is not clear? Hint  "mm" stands for "millimeters"... the little bitty lines on the metric side of any ruler. Try looking some time. You'll be amazed.)In any case, don't expect these pearls to have the deep lustrous sheen of fine quality pearls. The ones I received are not perfectly smooth, but they are not bad-looking, and are fine for casual or business wear. I got them on a gold-box special, and felt they were a good value at that price. <end>  Beware! Much smaller than the size advertised  These were ordered as a gift, so I spent some time deciding which size would look the best on the recipient. I ordered the 6.5-7.0 mm, but what I received was (according to Amazon's own scale and then measured with a metric ruler) was 5.5-6.0 mm. Two sizes smaller than what I ordered! While the pearls were very nice, I was disappointed with the small size and am returning the earrings. <end>  very nice+++  I never got to see them sent them to my sister for her birthday 22. Well she loved them my mom said she has them on a lot. She said they are classy!! <end>  not as in picture!  Don't buy!! Looks pink in picture and bigger, turns out they were small and white, not what I wanted or expected at all. <end>
 B000PEIO8Q  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (2.00 cttw equivalent), Size 8 ||	  Exquisite  This ring is astounding and you will not be disappointed with this piece. I received my ring yesterday and am very thrilled with the quality and craftmanship of the piece. I took this ring to the mall to compare it with their overpriced pieces and I am so excited about the deal that I was able to get on this ring. It is gorgeous and I saved a lot of money. All of the jewelers were in disbelief by the price that I paid, question the authenticity of it and were very snooty when I shared the price with them. I have to say that I am very happy that I have this ring, and have wanted it for a long time. The smaller carat weights cost more than this one, so if you can afford to get it, grab it and wear it like a queen. <end>
 B000PEIOE0  14k White Gold Moissanite Classic Tiffany Solitaire (.75 cttw equivalent), Size 5 ||	  A Must for brides everywhere!!!  This ring is so beautiful, it's dazzles in the dark!!! The clarity is fabu for the prize. Brides, now and to be, GET THIS RING!!! <end>
 B000PEKVM8  14K Yellow Gold Miraculous Cross Medal ||	  More information on this medal  This unique Miraculous Medal is framed by a four-way medal pendant, a most unique new Catholic medal.In addition to the main Miraculous Medal, the four way medals included are the Sacred Heart of Jesus at the top, a Scapular medal with Our Lady of Mt. Carmel on the bottom, St. Christopher on the right, and St. Joseph on the left.Measures 35 X 28 mm, or 1.4 inches by 1.1 inches.The Miraculous Medal is the most popular medal of all time. In 1830, the Virgin Mary appeared to a nun named Sister (now Saint) Catherine Laboure in Paris and showed her a vision of this exact medal, front and back, which she directed to be struck and distributed. The back features an "M", surmounted by a cross, with two hearts and twelve stars.I have worn mine for over five years now and the gold link bale is holding up to heavy use. Recommend a 1 mm gold snake chain for strength and smoothness if you intend to wear it all of the time, because it would be pity to lose it. <end>
 B000PEM8GK  Sterling Silver St. Michael Cross Pendant ||	  It's okay...  I've had the pendant for over a month now, and so far I haven't dealt with any discoloration; I also keep it on unless I'm going to take a shower. The pendant is exactly as you see it. The reason I only give this a 3-star rating is because one  for the price, I really expected more of the pendant itself. It is pretty thin and I thought there would be more weight in the silver. The second, the quality of the chain could have also been better. Again, for the price I was expecting better. I'm expecting to have to change the chain out for a more sturdy one in the near future. <end>  Tarnishes Easily  I have had this cross for about 2 weeks and its already turning black, given I don't take it off for anything but a shower, I expected a little better. <end>
 B000PEMAL8  14K Yellow Gold Round St Jude Thaddeus Pendant Medal ||	  high quality  I recently purchased the St Jude Thaddeus Pendant. I am very pleased with it. It is of high quality. I received it in a timely manner. I would recommend this to anyone interested. <end>
 B000PEMB44  14K Yellow Gold 4-Way Cross Pendant ||	  14K Yellow Gold 4-Way Cross Pendant. Bought from Amazon  The product description said this pendant ships with a complimentary chain, but no complimentary chain was in the received shipment on 9/11/12. The pendant is very beautiful and it will be complimented on many times we are sure. It is a birthday present for my wife's 80th birthday which is tomorrow 9/12/12, so timing was perfect.Thank You,Peter Kachel <end>
 B000PEPRJ0  1/10 ct. tw. Journey Diamond Pendant in 10K White Gold ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this for Mother's Day, and it was simply divine. I received it in pristine condition, and it arrived faster than I had expected it. Wonderful quality! <end>  Not what it seems!!!  This is my first review and the only reason why I'm writing is because I hate this product so much.There are many reviews of jewelery products that say that the items are different from the pictures... But these guys take it to another level  the thing they sent me has nothing to do with the picture!!!I'm going to return it but my advice to you is  save your money and your time!!! <end>
 B000PG3I6M  Darwin Fish Lapel Pin (silver) ||	  Darwin pins  I love the idea, but they're made of crap. I bought two and neither lasted more than two days <end>  Nicely Made  I was very satisfied with this little pin. It's nicely made, doesn't look cheap and is a size that's just right. It's like real jewelry, a nice alternative to a cross. <end>  A funny way to start a conversation  Since I wear my new DARWIN lapel pin, I've had several nice opportunities to explain what it is, and what it means wearing it. Of course, in several occasions I've been asked further and I've been able to explain my points of view concerning creationism and religion. As an European citizen, I'm (almost) always welcome when I introduce myself as an atheist. <end>
 B000PGIP24  Cally Lilies Flower Sterling Silver and Enamel Pin ||	  Cally Lillies Pin  I purchased as a gift and am quite please with the product and the speedy delivery. Very pretty!! <end>
 B000PGKVEO  Fashion Jewelry Sterling Silver Bangle Handmade Jewelry Dia 2.5 Inches ||	  Absolutely Gorgeous Bangles!  Just amazing! Shopping with ShalinIndia was a wonderful experience from start to finish. Fast shipping, combined with excellent customer service, and some of the most gorgeous, high-quality bangles I have ever seen, made for one of the best shopping experiences ever! The bangles arrived in a beautiful pouch within an exquisite wooden jewelry box. I am already planning my next order! Thank you! <end>
 B000PGL2JW  Butterfly Pave Diamond Pendant by Zasha Signature Jewelry ||	  Great kids/girls gift!  I bought this pretty pendant for a very special girl...she loved it as she loves butterflies. She wears it often, and keeps it in a special little box on her desk - next to her jewelry box to keep it separate. Love that! <end>
 B000PGPAKO  Swirling Heart Pin from the Artazia Collection #706 HP ||	  Wife loved it  Looked like the pictureWell madeBeautiful product. Came in a nice box and arrived on time.Will buy again <end>
 B000PGPAOU  Geometric Pink Dalmatian Pin from the Artazia Collection #671R NP OP ||	  She will love it.  I bought this pin for my mom and after seeing it, I am even more sure she will love it! <end>
 B000PH1N04  Earspiral Earrings C361XSMN Multicolored Niobium ||	  Earspirals  I love these earrings! It took me a bit of practice to get the hang of putting them on, but I just love them! I also bought the gold ones, and am considering getting more. <end>  Very pretty and light, hard to put in  I love the look of these graceful spirals, but it's a little tricky figuring out how to get them through the piercing. That's the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Once you do get them in, though, they're as light as air and very cute.The niobium kept my super-sensitive skin from getting irritated, which is a nice change for me. I rarely get to wear earrings because of that. Niobium is a great option for me, and the rainbow-effect Harry created is very pretty. I will be purchasing other Harry Mason designs in the future.(Copper is also hypo-allergenic, in case any readers out there are looking for more style choices.) <end>
 B000PHE1XK  Loving Family&reg Large Sterling Silver Pendant with Extender - Mother and 3 Children ||	  Awesome!!  I ordered the sterling silver Loving Family charm necklace for my sister. Quality, product, price, customer service, return & re-order process. Everything was amazing. I have recommended Relios to a friend that fell in love with my purchase, and now hers is on the way. I am going to order the Loving Family charm for myself. <end>  Present for mom  I had been searching and searching for the perfect Christmas present for my mom, when I found this necklace on Amazon.com. It was perfect for her she enjoys jewelry and it is the perfect symbol of our family. I know that she's going to love it. <end>
 B000PHIMBC  Sterling Silver 4mm Square Created Fiery Blue Opal Stud Earrings ||	  Nice Studs!  These 4mm studs are the perfect size for the ear, not too much or too little. They have substantial silver prongs holding in the stones with are convincingly opal-like. Nice blue color and a great price. Thanks, Silverspeck! <end>  would reccomend  The earrings are pretty and well worth the modest price. My daughter likes them. Would recomend them to others for purchase. <end>
 B000PICIJS  #1 Grandma Grandmother Silver Pendant Necklace Chain ||	  not what i thought  said it was silver should have known for the price but i bought it and it turned my neck green and color on necklace began peeling off maybe good for costume jewelry i was hoping for more <end>  necklace from kid  This is a great necklace from a little kid to a grandmother. The product was delivered before expected and was in great condition. <end>  necklace  thank you so much my mom is gonna love this for xmas from her grandkids the necklace is real nice and came super fast thanks so much <end>
 B000PJAN44  10k Yellow Gold Mystic Topaz and Amethyst 4-Stone Ring, Size 8 ||	  Gorgeous Ring! Sturdy Setting! Definitely worth the $$.  As my title says, this ring is beautiful and the setting is solid. Other rings I received with this order had settings that were cheap and flimsy, but this ring has a really solid, beautiful setting. You can wear it with confidence and there's no need to worry the ring will fall apart.The stones sparkle and catch the light. The ring and bracelet make a nice set! <end>  Stunning  This ring is absolutely stunning!! It is so beautiful with the stones. I am so happy that I bought this ring. I get many compliments on it. <end>  Beautiful color  If you like purple, you will love this ring. The amethyst plays off the mystic topaz stones to create a beautiful looking piece of jewelry. The stones are good size too, not to little, or big. The reason I gave it 4 stars is the prong on one side of the ring is sharp and I have to wear it a certain way so it doesn't irritate my finger, otherwise gorgeous ring! <end>
 B000PJS4H2  Southwestern Style Horse & Pony Story Band Ring in Sterling Silver for Men or Women, size 6, #10825 ||	  Beautiful Detail  This was purchased as a gift for my 16 year old niece. She loves horses and is an avid rider. She loved it. The detail was impressive and it's not big and bulky. Very dainty. <end>  hores band ring  I have alot of rings but cannot wear certain kinds at work-since I am such a horse lover-this is a perfect ring for me to wear on my job- I gave it a good rate because it is durable in the hard work I do -and the price is right- love this <end>
 B000PK2LDY  Sterling Silver Bead Chain - 24 inches ||	  Item as advertised  This was just what I was looking for. It arrived in a timely manner and was packaged well. <end>
 B000PKECMM  Yellow Gold Filled Solid Rope Chain - 18 inches ||	  Not a cheap neckalce  I am very pleased with the necklace. It is very thick and I am no longer worried about accidentally yanking the chain and it breaking as so many of the chains I have had do. While, I thought 18 inches was longer I am still very pleased with it. It came in a wonderful box and had a polishing cloth included. Which I thought was fantastic. It shined my pendant right up. I am thinking about buying an extender from the same company. <end>
 B000PKJYPW  1928 Jewelry Crescent Chandelier Earrings ||	  oh dear, I already had these  What a bozo. I already had these and forgot. Very nice earrings and can be used every day. Not dressy. I like them AGAIN. Not worth returning them considering the cost of return shipping. So I will use them as a gift. <end>  Great go to earrings  These earrings are very light weight, and I appreciate that otherwise I can't wear them all day. They're a great value, I definitely recommend them. <end>  Good little earrings at a great price  I really like these earrings! They match a necklace I have already, which is why I bought them. I like they are not too big, and they aren't heavy at all. The workmanship seems good, and they arrived quickly thanks to my Prime membership! <end>  love love love!!  Very beautiful. My daughter loves them!!! She loves purple and the chandelier style so I knew I had to buy them for her. All of the 1928 jewelry is quality! <end>  Very pretty  Very pretty earrings. The purple is very pretty and they look very nice on. I've received several compliments on them. <end>  nice  I liked the way these looked, these were also smaller then I thought they would be but will still give them for the gift. <end>  Great gift!  Gave is as a birthday gift for my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it! Definitely will bring a smile to your face <end>  My 16 year old daughter loves these earrings!  Earrings are very cute and as pictured. Very lovely and fun accessory which can look casual or elegant depending on the rest of the outfit being worn. <end>  More nice earrings.  This is the second or third time I am reviewing earrings purchased from Amazon. Love these too. The purple could be a little deeper, but still give it 5 stars. Lovely style, size and very comfortable. Look very nice on me. I now have a number of earrings from 1928 Jewelry sold by Amazon and am very happy with the purchases. <end>  Chandelier lover's delight  "1928" is the master of beautiful, unusual, and fun chandelier earrings. This purple set is feminine and fabulous. Color variations also make them versatile. <end>  okay  I received these earrings quickly and well packaged. However pretty they are, they are much smaller than I anticipated. I guess that's my fault for not looking at the sizing. Not sure if I'll keep as they aren't very big, and I don't like huge earrings. They kind of disappear in my hair. <end>  Great price and looked great  they came on time and in a nice box. they even came with a carrying bag. Top notch and great service <end>  an elegant, yet simple, but yet beautiful pair of earrings to accomadate any wardorobe......  these are a truly simple, yet beautiful pair of earrings that can go with everything... im saddened to say that today, somehow i lost one of them, but im going to replace them as soon as i can.... they are very lightweight, and i get many compliments on them... by far, they are my ultimate favorite earrings, and before i lost one, i wore them everyday.... beautiful, elegant, and simple, they come highly recomended, and truly are the ultimate staple that can accomadate any wardrobe....... <end>  Pretty Earrings  These are very pretty casual earrings. They're about two inches in length and the purple hues look great with nearly anything, especially if your hair is pulled up or back. They come with round, plastic safety backs and are very comfortable to wear. <end>  beautiful earrings!  I bought these earrings for my daughter for Christmas and they look awesome on her! She really loves them. The workmanship is good and the colors are lovely. We're very satisfied! <end>  lovely earings  Great earings- Light weight and different purple hues allow for wear with many different shades of purple. Very happy with purchase! Would recommend! <end>  one word CHEEP  The earrings are really ok but i had to squeeze most of the jump rings on them because they would come apart. They look great online--but don't be fooled by twinkling and turning! <end>  Absolutely beautiful  These earrings are absolutely beautiful. Better than expected. They are somewhat smaller than they appear in the picture which is a good thing, because I was worried that they might have been too big. They don't have that plastic quality that so many earrings seem to have and appear to be able to withstand a little throwing here and there.I loved the purple-ish ones so much I decided to buy the jet and onyx-coloured pair also. No regrets. <end>  High quality and beautiful.  My husband bought these for me a year ago as a birthday gift. I have worn them more than any other set of earrings I have (at least twice weekly) and I don't take any special care of them. Most of the time, they are tossed into a cup with a lot of other earrings. After a year, I've had no loose pieces, nothing came detached and no signs of wear or tarnishing.They are very delicate looking, not gaudy or overstated. In fact, they are so well suited for either dressy clothes or casual that I purchased the same ones in both red and pink for my other ensembles. I would say they are on a par with jewelry that I have purchased from Avon or JCPenney. They don't look "cheap" at all. Very tasteful. I highly recommend them for someone who wants to look classy and trendy but doesn't want their earrings to be noticed before they are. <end>  Gorgeous, Perfect Chandelier Earrings  I was very pleased with these when I received them, but I have purchased 1928 jewelry in the past and knew they would be good quality. Beautiful beading and detail, perfect length and drop. I wear them constantly and often get compliments on them. Some of my favorite earrings as they can be dressed up or down. <end>  Super cute  I love these earrings. They look great with almost anything; casual, professional and everything in between. These would make a great gift! <end>  Earrings  Bought this earrings for my Grandson's wife this Christmas and they looked very nice on her. The color went well with what she was wearing. <end>
 B000PKJZ7O  1928 Jewelry Burnished Collectibles Green Peridot Color Drop Earrings ||	  So Pretty and Dainty  Green and gorgeous. These earrings are perfect for daytime and evening wear. I think the stones compliment the brass tone of the setting. It is a dangle earring so it sparkles with every move. I also purchased these as a gift. <end>  Popular in my household  Guys, take note  I got these for my wife. She loved them. Nuff said.Seriously, these are cool, funky earrings that your wife/girlfriend would probably appreciate having. They're not exactly expensive, so I wouldn't try to give these as a big gift (birthday, especially anniversary). Instead, when you want to get her something just because, these fit the bill. But I'm probably preaching to the choir  if you're the kind of guy who'd spend $18 bucks on his wife's anniversary present, you're probably not browsing the web looking for jewelry. That's one more thing you never thought you'd do, huh? Get used to it.Ladies  I think my wife looks gorgeous in these, so get them for a friend, a special friend, or yourself...you'll be happy. <end>
 B000PKJZFQ  Silver Pink Chandelier Earrings ||	  Pink Beaded Silver Earrings.  Pretty earrings. Wear them a lot, I and leave on without irritation. Real silver, no nickel allergic reaction. Long fish hook backs that don't fall off easily. Got lots of compliments on them. Buy them, you'll like them. <end>  Detailed and Nicely Finished  I wanted pink and I wasn't disappointed. This earring is true to the posted image. The back is finished and looks just as nice as the front. I wish they were reversible. Sturdy, but not heavy. The dangle is 1 3/4" long and 7/8" wide. <end>  Pretty pink earrings  These are very pretty earrings. I have received several compliments on them. I would recommend these to anyone looking for something in pink. <end>  Cute  These earrings will really compliment a ring I bought for my daughter. She really loves anything that has a vintage look to it. These earrings fit the bill. <end>  Enchanting Chandeliers  Another fun & beautiful earring by "1928"! These are a soft pink on slightly aged silver. A fun accent for several different colors... my personal favorite is black. <end>
 B000PKNF4I  1928 Bridal Classic 18" Simulated Pearl Necklace ||	  Wow!  This is a terrific piece. I work at a higher-end jewelry store and everyone asks if I bought it from my store! Perfect. <end>  Fabulous faux pearls!  Since I am a fanatic about my real cultured pearls, I wondered if these would look nice enough to wear to work and yet survive the punishment during my triathlon training - sweat, heat and pool chemicals. I have had them about a month and so far I am pleased; they don't look "plastic-ey" and I still have my "signature" look while I am training...PERFECT!! (Of course I get teased about this often; who else works out in pearls????) I will update after 6 months of punishment to let you know how they have held up; but for the relative inexpensive price, I would buy them again. <end>  But they look real  I read other buyers reviews of these pearls and agree with most, that they look really good, especially for the price. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them on looks. I haven't worn them yet, so don't know how they'll hold up <end>  No Good  Ordered this item for a performance costume. The first copy came with a broken strand and the pearls rolling around in the shipping bag. We used the Amazon return process to return it and had a replacement within days. The second copy arrived in the exact same unusable condition. We can't try again, it wouldn't be available in time. Quality control on this product appears to be very bad. <end>  Wow. Nice.  Gorgeous. Can't believe how cheap this is compared to how nice it is. I especially like the lobster-claw type clasp. Easy to put on w/o any help. The pearls are also very shiny and polished looking. People will think you have a nice pearl necklace and no one but maybe a jeweler would know you paid next to nothing for it. <end>  Many complements!  I got a lot of compliments on these "pearls" at my wedding. I combined two strands with a coral necklace for a dramatic look. Highly recommended! <end>  Looks Expensive  I have had these pearls for a while now, and wear them at least once a week. They have held up great, and look really classy. When I found out Jackie Kennedy and Liz Taylor both wore faux pearls I thought I'd give them a try. I am glad I did. For $14 you really can't go wrong! <end>
 B000PKNFFM  Liliana Metal Knit Heart Drop Earrings ||	  Not exactly what I expected  I thought that the stones were black but they are blue. That could be my fault. I did expect it to be more victorian looking. They're very shiny so if that what you want then they're perfect. I really can't complain about the earrings. They are pretty and look really nice. They just aren't what I wanted. I bought it as a gift for my niece who is very artsy and likes alot of unique items. I will probably keep for myself or give to someone else and buy something else for my niece. I would recommend this product if you want shiny silver with blue stones. <end>  Silvery and pretty  I love these earrings because they dress up any outfit I am wearing. They aren't too heavy and look good with anything....and the price was right. I love 1928 jewelry anyway, but these are a good buy!!! <end>
 B000PKP96U  Gorgeous! Women's 14k White-gold 6.50MM (1CT) Moissanite Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Beautiful quality  This ring was even more stunning than the pictures showed. I closely inspected it to be sure I was giving my fiance a ring she would treasure and be proud of. The cut and clarity of the diamond are amazing. The craftsmanship of the ring itself is as good as any I've ever seen, and we'd looked at a lot of rings before choosing this one. The setting being Moissanite, we were also happy to find a stone that we knew for certain was conflict free. <end>  Beautiful, but not like the picture.  The picture of this item must be of a wider band, or a MUCH smaller stone than a one carat (1CT), as my band is quite a bit thinner than the picture. As well, the stone is slightly more yellow than the picture portrays this one to be (especially noticeable in natural light).However, all-in-all I still love the ring and plan to keep it. For the price, you can' t beat the brilliance of a moissanite.I've uploaded my pictures on the product page for reference. <end>
 B000PKPCU8  Burnished Brass Tone Olive Tear Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings  These are much prettier than the pictures. Excellent quality for the price. My daughter loves them. <end>
 B000PM9QP8  GREAT GIFT! Set of 2 Ring Holders (Cute Cat & Elephant) Pewter with Crystal Eyes. ||	  Great product!  These little guys are well made. Even though they are small they are heavy so won't tip over etc. Crystal eyes are nice touch. I purchased them as a birthday gift. She loves them. Besides being cute she likes the fact that they don't look like the typical ring holders (little dish with post sticking up in center). <end>  My wife loves these  I bought these for my wife because she would always take her ring off to wash her hands or go to bed and she would forget where she put it. Now with these we put one in the kitchen by the sink and the bathroom sink, she always knows it's on one of those 2. She loves the way the look and they are very strudy. I highly recommend to any one looking for a gift for your wife or someone else who wears rings alot. <end>  Rings, they be holding em'...  Aside from a website shipping cost miscalculation (which resulted in me having to pay approx. $3.00 extra to the post office in person), my order transpired and was received smoothly. As for the appearance of the product, no disappiontments. Both holders are cast pewter, and the faux crystal eyes provide a welcomed pinch of contrast. In terms of function, the elephant is easier to use, but both hold rings as expected. In addition, the pair of holsters have their centers of mass located such that an accidental tip over seems to be unlikely. I appreciate this aspect of the design, especially since each of my holsters are located near sinks. All in all, mission accomplised; the wife approved. <end>  love it  I purchased two of these because I got one for myself and sister, my sister and law saw it and I got it for her for Christmas! The second one I will give to my best friend because we always take are rings off when we cook or wash the dishes. This is the best way to put away rings and you know they are safe and won't go down the drain! <end>  Two Ring Holders  My grand daughter loves these ring holders. She has them on her dresser in her newly redecorated room. <end>  Adorable  These little guys are adorable. I'm only using the elephant right now, but I love the way he sits (rather than standing as others do). The eyes are a little weird (they're gems), but you get used to them. <end>
 B000PNRQPY  Clearly Charming Heart in Cream Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  lovely charm  I bought this and others for my anniversary bracelet I started. Each year I will buy a different heart. <end>
 B000PNV02E  Clearly Charming Red Heart with White Rose Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Sweet  I bought these for Valentine's Day, so I haven't given them away yet. Very nice charm. Well made. Clear, and will make a nice addition to the charm bracelets that I started for my Daughter-in-law and 2 Granddaughters. <end>  Top notch customer service from the distributor Clearly Charming  I wanted to design a special bracelet for a special friend and clearly charming emailed me providing outstanding customer service all the way. This beautiful charm is exactly how it appears as long as you understand the measurements in millimeters are small yet delicate and just right for a girl or women's wrist. <end>
 B000PQUAS6  Sterling Silver .925 Champagne cz Stone Round Circle 4mm Small Stud Earrings ||	  Nice but must have nickel in them  I like these earrings, but they tend to itch, so there may be some nickel in them. Otherwise I like them. <end>
 B000PQX9A2  Clearly Charming Lounging Monkey Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Fun Charm!  I bought this charm as a gift for my niece for her italian charm bracelet. It is great as she loves monkeys <end>
 B000PQX9D4  Clearly Charming Paw Prints in Heart Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Good deal for a gift for my dog-loving GF  She lost her I Heart My Rat Terrier charm, so I got her this one to take its place until we can replace the lost one, keeping this one as well. Why waste it? <end>  Italian charm  This was a X-Mass gift for a started bracelet for my daughter. We have two chocolate labs and I thought that this would symbolize's her love for them. The product is well made, and loops on to the existing bracelet. <end>
 B000PQZ50Y  Clearly Charming White Owl Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Really adorable owl charm!  This is a super cute italian charm of an owl. This one is white, but the same company also offers a grey one. Great price, quality, shipping costs, and delivery. <end>
 B000PRPU2G  .50 Carat Triple Circle Hanging Diamond 14K White Gold Earrings ||	  Beautiful, quality  I bought them as present for my girlfriend. These are beautiful earings. I just wish they were a little bit bigger. <end>
 B000PRSOW4  Sterling Silver Round Amber Ladybug Pretty Charm Pendant ||	  Ladybug Necklace  I bought this necklace for my great granddaughter. It was a great choice. I have one also. She is my ladybug so was happy to find this on line. <end>
 B000PSAHTG  18K Rose Gold over Sterling Silver Ruby 4mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  beautiful and very good quality  i got these earrings for my mom. she loves rubies and i love the rose gold so i thought i would be a perfect match.i will definitely be buying more from this seller when i have the money <end>
 B000PSWYG0  XPY 10k Yellow Gold Mother and Child Heart-Shaped Diamond Pendant (1/8 cttw, J Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  Precious!!!  Bought this for my wife for Mother's Day. Exquisite and delicate. She loved it and hasn't taken it off yet. Beau coup brownie points! I now fish anytime I want to. <end>  Mom loves this necklace  she definitely loves it. the yellow gold compliments well too. the only downside at all with this necklace is that the chain is a touch on the thin side, but still, wonderful, and worth every penny. <end>  way to small  looks and sounds bigger in the description, but this thing is so small its almost unbeklievable....... <end>  Mom earned it and she loved it.  This was a bit higher than my budget, but my mother had 6 children, so I sent it. One year later Mom still loves it. It gives her plenty of new opportunities to brag about her children and grandchildren. She certainly earned it. <end>  disappointed  Firstly, the item came after mother's day. It was too late to cancel because the item had already been shipped. For the $99 paid plus shipping and handling, I felt I overpaid since Kohl's had the exact same thing for $39.99. My grandchildren bought it for their mother and so I felt they were overcharged for the item. I only ordered for them because they were unable to do so themselves. It was their choice. I was extremely disappointed in the handling of the item since they could not give their mother her present on Mother's Day. <end>
 B000PTM6VC  Sterling Silver Teardrop and Bicone Shaped Clear AB Crystal 1.5 inch Long Dangle Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  crystal pendant  Beautiful! It hangs so nicely and catches every color! I receive many compliments on it. <end>
 B000PTQ8HK  18k Gold over Silver Tanzanite CZ 5mm Square Stud Earrings ||	  Perfect for a conservative look  Sometimes, you need a little something that is pretty but not flashy. These earrings are perfect for those occasions, with just enough sparkle to dress up your outfit without appearing at all flashy. The color goes well with a wider variety of suits than I thought it would, so don't be afraid of the purple- it works! <end>
 B000PU2IVE  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Ruby Stone Oval Small Stud Earrings ||	  Nice gift  Got this for my mom, last year for Christmas, She loved it. Wears it all the time. Just as described, sparkels like anything. The perfect gift. <end>  Ok for the Price  I was expecting a decent size stone but instead if you have an extra piercing any where on your body...this is the stone size perfect for this...the price was really too good to pass up regardless of the size of the stone. But nice looking and it will be used for my upper ear pierced area as a back up earring. <end>
 B000PU4ALK  SILVER .925 TANZANITE cz stone oval small STUD EARRINGS ||	  They are nice enough for the price  The stones are on the dull side while the setting is very bright and shiny. Also, the stems are VERY long and really pierce your neck if you have to cradle a phone. But, for the price, they were a good deal. <end>
 B000PUH94K  14K White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone 3 Prong Design (2.5 cttw equivalent), Size 8 ||	  looks great at the begining  After six months or so one stone turned a yellow coloration and the brightness in general faded. And again the first impression was excelent and for some that's important. <end>
 B000PUOR04  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1  0g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Serve their purpose  I ordered these for a friend and when they showed up they were hollow and the back isn't filled in so from the back they are really noticeable. There are better ones out there for cheaper prices, my suggestion is, though they do hide the front of the piercing fairly well, move on and find a better pair. <end>  Okay at hiding, better at covering  Sometimes when I wear these I forget my ears are stretched to 0g! However, you can still see them in the ears and they don't make my holes completely invisible. They only do a decent job at concealing the holes against my skintone. I like these best for wearing regular post earrings meant for non-stretched ears. I poke the regular post earring through the silicone hider plug and if the earring is big enough, the hole is completely covered. <end>
 B000PUQO8C  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1  3/4", Wearable Length  3/8" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  too bulky  i would have expected this to be a little less bulky. but it does the job its intended for, it doesnt make your piercing look like nothing, but it camouflages it enough that employers cant tell if you wear it covered by your hair or something <end>
 B000PUS4XA  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 2  00g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Great!  The product is exactly what I expected. The plug is very discrete as described, perfect for using at work and in job interviews. Thanks! <end>
 B000PUTITO  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1.5  2g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Great for work  One of my photography jobs didn't allow us to wear jewelry (get with the times!) and with these in most people couldn't even tell that I had piercings. Make sure you get the right ones for your skin tone. <end>  This work great!  When I'm wearing metal or wood plugs I cannot rest my head on my hand (small problem I know). With these I forget they are in, they are just more comfortable. Best yet, they actually blend into my ear pretty well from a distance which is important because I work at a hospital. Just be aware there are something like 3 shades, this shade works for me and I'm relatively light skinned. <end>
 B000PVEN6G  Square Celtic Knot Chain and Bar Cufflinks Sterling Silver Cuff Links ||	  Versatile cufflinks  I bought these for my husband as a gift, and they are really versatile and look great with everything. They aren't too showy and add a nice bit of flair to his cuffed shirts (without being too dressy). They look really great with jeans! He doesn't get too much use out of them as he often opts for his Tiffany & Co. links instead, but I personally prefer the styling of these, especially with casual outfits. <end>
 B000PVXR54  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Peridot 6x4 Oval Stud Earrings ||	  disappointed  When I got these earring I was impressed with how they looked the peridoot stones are smallish but they looked very nice.However the post broke off the second time I wore them. Very disappointed . <end>
 B000PVYB4A  18K Rose Gold over Sterling Silver Created White Opal 6x4 Oval Stud Earrings ||	  Perfect for young teens just beginning to wear earrings  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Simulated White Opal and Genuine Diamond Accent X and Oval Pattern BraceletI gave my nieces these earrings for Christmas and they were thrilled with their beauty and their mother was delighted with their simplicity. The girls said they were their first "good" jewelry and they looked smashing on them. Beautifully made with the subtle and mysterious shades of the opal, they've become a cherished part of these early teens' collections. <end>  Good buy  These earrings are very pretty; far better than I anticipated, considering the price. Definitely a good purchase. <end>  gorgeous.  love the opals very gorgeous the rose gold over sterling silver must be very high quality because i usually can't wear anything that's plated or not solid 18k gold.but these earrings seem very well made and don't irritate my ears at all.plus like i said the opals are very pretty i absolutely love them and will be buying more from this seller when i can.i know a lot of people who will be getting earrings for gifts in the near future  D <end>  great value  These are very pretty, very inexpensive, and so far are wearing very well. They aren't big, but are great in a third hole or if you're going for a pretty and subtle look. <end>
 B000PW2VXC  Heavenly Embrace Guardian Angel Pendant ||	  great  I was worried my daughter in law might think it to be too new age, but she loved it. <end>
 B000PWFUVC  Glamorous Pave Set Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Band ||	  Beautiful CZ Band  This is the second ring I have purchased from Eve's Addiction and it is as beautiful as I had hoped it would be. This ring is worn as a wedding band and the CZ stones really sparkle and shine. No one would know this is not a diamond pave ring and I do love it. <end>
 B000PWLJBC  Sterling Silver Four Heart Anklet ||	  10" SS Anklet  Very nice. Looks fabulous on either ankle. No kinks or problems with anklet. Will by from again in the future. <end>
 B000PXRJ24  Sterling Silver Princess Cut Pink C Z Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  just like the picture  This ring is cute. I bought two, one for me and one for a friend. They look almost exactly as pictured... if anything I would say they look a little lighter. Since the other review on here says darker, maybe it is a monitor difference, or maybe each one is a slightly different color. It looks really pretty on, not cheap as I was afraid it would with the low price.The stone is a little bigger than I expected though. <end>  Just like the picture!  I really enjoy having this ring. The stone color is actually a tad darker pink than the picture, but I really like it. <end>  pink ring  This ring was cheap looking when I got it. It was packaged well and fit okay. It just looked cheap. The seller was awesome. They refunded my money without any questions or hassle. I will buy from this seller again, just not rings like this. <end>  Nice ring  This ring is ok, a bit plastic looking, doesn't have a display of colors like the picture. It didn't take my breath away but it's still pretty. <end>  Perfect gift  Great for my 8 and 10 year olds. I would be disappointed if it were for myself. <end>
 B000PY91TM  18K Rose Gold Over Sterling Silver CZ 6mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  The item looks beautiful but it is a little bit big  The item looks beautiful as it showed in the picture. The size is a little bit big. I just hope it would be a little bit smaller The quality is good. Overall, it worth the money you pay. <end>  A part of me  Yes, these earrings are a part of me. I always wear them in any ocassions, casual or formal.I ordered rose gold and It's so pretty. The size is just enough. <end>
 B000PYC6ZS  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver Created Pink Opal 6mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  Nice earring, great price, but the metal turned a dark color  I purchased these earrings to match jewelery I bought while in the Caribbean. The first pair had a defective back and the store replaced them literally overnight. That's service! They are pretty little earrings. Unfortunately, over a few months time the metal on the earrings turned a dark color and no longer look like rose gold. "I guess you get what you pay for!" <end>
 B000PYKU6K  Clay Brown Choker "Bead Delighted Choker [Brown]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Bead Delighted!  Choker necklace is just as described and wonderful!Exactly what I needed! <end>
 B000PYMCH0  Glass Beads Red Multi-Strand Necklace-Oval "Knot Your Ordinary Glass Multi-Strand Necklace ... ||	  Gorgeous Red Beads...Just what I was looking for!  I looked and looked and looked!! And finally I found the beads in the color I had been looking for! Great find! <end>
 B000PYOE80  Chocho Seeds and Metal Red Necklace "Amazon Harvest Necklace [Red]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Lovely  This is a very nice necklace, well made, seeds are beautiful as is the way the necklace is designed. I recieve many compliments on this piece. <end>
 B000PYOFRU  Tagua Nut Blue Bracelet "Seeds of Change Bracelet [Blue]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Wish there had been measurements  This bracelet is exactly as it appears in the picture and I love that is fair trade. I have really small wrists though, and I probably wouldn't have purchased this item if the seller had included the measurements. It's a pleasantly chunky type of bracelet but I'm afraid it won't stay on my wrist. The opening is about 2.5" wide. <end>
 B000PYVXVQ  Sterling Silver 35mm x 40mm New Filigree Diamond Cut Marcasite Polished Finish 5mm Band Ring Size 8 ||	  Phenomenal  You lose a little detail in the photos, this ring is actually VERY silver, not the pewter(ish) color pictured, and the Marcasite is incredibly brilliant. This ring was worth every penny I spent. <end>
 B000PZ9FTC  Blue Turquoise Rectangular Strip Silver Pendant w. Leather Necklace ||	  Outstanding value  I bought this for my wife in the hopes it would be a great piece of casual wear jewelry. It is all that and more. She was thrilled when I gave it to her, and it goes well with a sweater and jeans or a nice blue dress. I am thrilled with the quality and the value. Service from Dahlia was great (as always) and I am a loyal customer because they have earned it. <end>
 B000Q30MZY  Orthodox Cross Pendant 14K White Gold 40.00X26.00 MM ||	  Couldn't / Wouldn't deliver on the order  I placed an order for this item on Tuesday with the system showing the item IN STOCK. Thursday I received an order cancelation, because the item was OUT OF STOCK. Oddly enough, when I searched again on, the pendant still showed up and showed that it was IN STOCK. Very unprofessional! Clearly I would not recommend purchasing anything from this vendor. <end>
 B000Q649KA  Genuine Marcasite and Black Onyx Square Sterling Silver Aromatherapy Scent Locket Pendant with 20" Cable Chain Necklace ||	  Everyone loves it!  I got this pendant for my girlfriend and she loved it. It looks great on her, and although it is a very unique piece, she is asked by her friends where they can get one. She had a hard time giving them the source because she wanted to be the only one to have it, but her friends are pretty persistent. She has not worn it with a scented cloth, as it was intended, but it looks very nice as it is. No need to put anything in it.I highly recommend this piece, and I am very happy with the seller and Amazon.com for a wonderful transaction. This is my first review for anything I have purchased on Amazon, but that is how happy we are with this pendant and the seller's (Silver Insanity) service. <end>
 B000Q668V8  Sterling Silver Teardrop Shaped Reconstituted Turquoise Polished Finish 2mm Band Dragonfly Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 ||	  Wonderful Ring  I purchased this ring for my Roommates birthday and she LOVED it. Also it looks great on her. I recommend it to everyone that loves torquoise  D <end>  Pretty and petit  The ring is exactly as pictured and looks very pretty on my hand. The color of the stones is rich and beautiful. <end>  Beautiful Gift  This Dragonfly Turquoise Gemstone ring is so pretty. I originally bought it as a gift for my sister but once I received it I liked it so much that I kept it for myself and gave her the butterfly ring I bought for myself instead. So, it made a beautiful gift to myself. <end>  Awesome  I bought it for my wife and she loved it. It's one of the best presents i have made her she says, she loves dragonflies and silver so it was the perfect gift. She wears it all the time!! <end>  My girl friend loved it.  I got this as a little something to stick inside another gift for my girl friend. For the price it's a nice little piece. <end>  Adorable Dragonfly Ring!  This ring is just beautiful! I love it! It is exactly as advertised. PERFECT! <end>  cheap and broken  This ring is very cute; but the stones just popped out during the first hour I was wearing it. Now I have to go through the hassle of sending something back because it was defective. The turquoise "wings" are very shallow in the setting. Don't buy it unless you enjoy going to the post office to return stuff. <end>  gorgeous little ring  A wonderful ring, silver and turquoise always go together well, but this one has a particularly lovely and elegant shape. <end>  loved it!  i ordered this ring and when i received it, i was thrilled. absolutely loved it! <end>  Dragonfly ring  What a darling ring! So fun to wear as a little extra something. Love the stering & I live in Az so I love the turquoise! <end>  Love it  I hadn't seen anything like this before, I bought it as a present but almost kept it myself. <end>  Pretty Little Treasure  This ring is just delightful! It made me smile when I first saw it online and I liked it even more when it arrived! You can't miss with this one. It's a sweet little ring! <end>  excellent ring very pretty  dragonfly ring is pretty in hand than the picture. i have had several coments on how pretty it is. very durable if you keep the higher wing closer to your wrist, it doesnt get caught on anything as easy. <end>  Love my ring!  Great details! A simple yet Beautiful design. I get many compliments on it when I wear it! Love my ring <end>  This product is a fraud.  This ring was a waste of money & time. I guess you really get what you pay for. But one would like to believe that $12.99 would go a little further. Guess not. If you buy this product, be prepared for disappointment. The ring will turn your finger green. <end>  Cute but I would pass if I were you.  I received this ring as an early Christmas gift from my husband and loved it initially. I am crazy about dragonflies and this one is adorable and the perfect size. It's not too big nor too small. Now for the not so good parts  I have had this ring for less than 24 hours and it has already started to turn my finger green. I'm very disappointed because a sterling silver ring should not turn your finger green like that. More than likely this ring is simply plated with silver. This is false advertising and horrible business practices. Also, I highly doubt that the turquoise stones are real. The actual stones that come in the ring are a little off color from what a typical turquoise stone looks like. Bottom line is that I like this ring, but I don't think it was worth the $25 my husband paid for it since nothing seems to be real. <end>  Terrible Ring  I have bought two of these rings over the last 6 months and both have broken within a few weeks! The first one lasted about 3 weeks and the one of the stones fell out, so I bought another one to replace it for my girlfriends birthday because I thought maybe I just got a faulty one and I was going to give it another chance. The second one lasted two weeks, then the stones fell out. This ring is very poor quality <end>  Cute but cheaply made  This ring is adorable...unfortunately, the stones fell out shortly after i purchased the item.I would not recommend purchasing this ring! <end>  Beautiful design, but stones appear fake  I received the ring in a timely matter, it even came in a beautiful pink box wrapped up. I think it looks pretty and is nicely designed, but I am a big fan of turquoise and these stones don't look genuine. They also appear glued on rather then set in the metal. It is a nice ring and I wear it every day, but if you are actually looking for the stone turquoise I wouldn't suggest it. <end>  Love it!  The ring looks the same as in the picture and seems to be all that was described! The only thing I wish was different is the option of half sizes... but I'm still satisfied! It's a simple yet beautiful ring.  -) <end>  dragonfly ring  The ring arrived within the time frame I was given when I placed the order. The ring came in a gift box with a bow on it which would be great if you wanted to purchase it as a gift. The ring is as pictured and the sizing is right on. I would buy from this seller again. <end>  perfect!  this ring is perfect for us dragonfly obsessed gals, and its discreet but fashionable at the same time.I wear it everyday =DPretty Dragonfly Reconstituted Turquoise Band Sterling Silver Ring Size 4 to 8 <end>  Nice ring  Not quite as pretty as the picture but still a gorgeous ring. The gift box is a really cute nice touch as well. <end>
 B000Q69NCO  Egyptian Cross Ankh of Life Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Egyptian Cross Ankh earrings  I liked the earrings a lot but lost one after wearing them the 2nd time. I gave them a 4 star because they're just too small. Other wise they are some beautiful earrings and when I find a larger pair I shall be purchasing them. <end>  Nice!  They were a bit smaller than I would have hoped, but they weren't for me and my friend adored them! Well worth the price, considering how inexpensive they are! <end>  Beautiful  I had to find a new pair when I lost one of my earrings and these are so nice and high quality. There are lots of necklaces and rings out there but not that many earrings. <end>  Great!  The earrings were exactly what I expected. They were lightweight and thin but, good quality. Can't beat the price and definitely worth it. Totally pleased. <end>  Pretty but extremely malleable  I loved these earrings but unfortunately they bend VERY easily and I will end up having to replace the hooks. However, considering the price I paid I guess that is to be expected. <end>  bought them twice  I like these earings because there not only beautiful but there light weight so its not draggin down your ears. <end>  Perfect in every way  These earrings are lightweight, delicate, and really beautiful. In my opinion, they are PERFECT. On top of that, the price is really reasonable. Don't think for one minute that more expensive ankh earrings would be superior to these! I bought an extra pair to put in the safety deposit box in case I ever lose them. <end>
 B000Q6NWJY  Watch Cleaning Kit ||	  Excellent!!  This Blitz kit is suprisingly very good. I did not expect that is could make such a difference on my watch, but the watch is now sparkling clean, probably better than what I could get if I gave the watch to a watchmaker for a cleaning/polishing. <end>
 B000Q74G7A  Sterling Silver Polished Finish Filigree Floral 12mm Wide Band Ring Size 10 ||	  Love this ring!  I absolutely love this ring! It looks great, goes with everything and is so attractive! I get compliments on it all the time. It's different and fun! <end>
 B000Q76K4M  Sterling Silver 17mm Wide Stardust Finish 7mm Band High Polished Ring Size 8 ||	  beautiful ring  wow, i love this ring. i got it today and i cant wait to go out and wear it. its not overpowering and not bulky, it is just the right size, and looks great on a middle finger. <end>  Love the sparkle!!  When I first got this ring, I got many compliments on it because its so sparkly. The advice I was given is when you have a ring with this texture paint clear nail polish on it and it will prevent build up of any tarnishing. I did, and it has helped, although over time it has gotten a bit dull, but what can you expect...it is not an expensive ring.  ) <end>
 B000Q7SA40  Sterling Silver Black Star Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  I really have been impresed with Sajen's craftsmanship  This is one of 8 Sajen products that I own and I have been very happy with all my purchases.The ring is well made and feels very "solid". I wear it as a "pinky" ring and I feel it is a great size for that. <end>
 B000Q88FMG  Sterling Silver 19mm x 23mm Filigree Scrollwork Floral Design Polished Finish 3mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  I very pretty Ring  My favorite of all my daughter's rings. Looks so pretty on her hand. Great price, great value. Delivery was quick and on time. Presentation exceptional. <end>  Loved this ring.  I ordered this ring and i love it. It fit perfect. I will defently be comming back.I don't won't to take it off. Debbie Hicks <end>  Very pretty! Good deal!  I have used this company on a couple of occasions and been quite satisfied. This is a very pretty ring and a great price for the quality. I would order from Gem Avenue again. <end>  Very pretty ring!  I love how it's flat and lies against my finger! It's beautiful and my friends noticed it immediately. The only thing negative I would say is I thought it would have been a little bit bigger, but no big deal. I'm content with the size. <end>  Simply beautiful  I ordered this ring as a present for my sister's birthday. She absolutely loved it! I was surprised by the level of quality - not to mention that it had such a reasonable price. I ordered two similar rings from other companies and I was terribly disappointed by their poor quality. It was even more beautiful than the picture. I will be using this company from now on. The customer service was great too - I received the ring very quickly! <end>  I LOVE THIS RING!  This ring fits perfect, is true to size, and is perfect for everyday wear. I have a hard time finding a small ring (I wear a size 5) this ring fits perfect and I can't say enough about how much I love it  -)I will be ordering from this seller again for sure! <end>  good looking  I was pleasantly surprised when the ring arrived in a cute little ring box. It;s a good looking ring, and very nicely nicely detailed with a soft sheen.It was a present for my daughter and she was well pleased with the gift. The ring looked terrific on her middle finger, fit well and was much admired by her friends. <end>  Sooooooooo COOL  This sterling silver ring is almost the BEST of my jewelry possession. You just can't imagine how elegant and delicate it appears to be - far beyond my expectation. Gorgeous! <end>  AWESOME JEWELRY  As usual Gem Avenue has come thru with a great piece of jewelry. Their rings are the best I have seen & their prices are terrific!! <end>  simply elegant  This ring is quite solid & elegant and I always get compliments when I am wearing it. It looks like it will last a long time without changing color as well. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I'm in love with this ring. It's become one I wear daily and I always get compliments on it! &lt;3 <end>  a little small  this ring is ok but alot smaller than i thought it would be. but that's the great thing about shopping through Amazon and Gem Avenue too. never a problem sending something back for a refund. <end>  Great deal and beautiful  I love this ring. It is so feminine and pretty. It came in a little gift box which was a nice touch <end>  Beautiful; and after 3 weeks still as shiny and new as day 1!  I cant say enough about the quality of this ring! its beautiful! I wear as a thumb ring and have received so many compliments on it! Love it! Will definilty buy from this seller again!! very happy!! <end>
 B000Q8BS8E  Sterling Silver 15mm Length Wavy Design High Polished Finish 3mm Band RingSize 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Simple and pretty  I also love this ring. This rings deign is simple but so elegant.thank you! <end>
 B000Q8C5YK  Sterling Silver Polished Finish Clover Leaf 8mm Wide Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Great Thumb ring  This is a great thumb ring and if you like clovers this is for you. it is not too big and not too small. You can pair it up with a plain silver band for a awesome look. I highly recommend this ring. It's very pretty. <end>  comfortable stylish fit...  versatile ring; purchased this ring to fit pinky finger; sits beautifully; style would suit any finger... stylish; does not hook or slip... very versatile product <end>  Perfect!  I really love this ring. It's just what I was looking for. It's beautiful and so is the price! <end>
 B000Q8E3MM  Stainless Steel Poker Ring - Clearance Final Sale ||	  Doesn't look as pictured  It doesn't look as bold, substantial and shiny as the picture. It's more dull, somewhat like brushed metal, and thinner. Nice ring overall, though. But don't expect too much. <end>
 B000Q8LVK4  Sterling Silver Marquise Shaped Garnet Cubic Zirconia with Solitaire Celtic Endless Knot Design Polished Finish 2mm Band Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  My New Favorite  This ring has a dainty, elegant look. The celtic knotwork at either side of the gem is very well done with an open lacy feel to it.Unlike many other small rings, however, this ring is not flimsy. As someone who works with their hands, my rings take a ton of abuse. They also are taken off/put on multiple times a day. This ring is sturdy enough to withstand my kind of daily wear without bending or losing shape. I've had much more expensive ones that haven't lasted half so well.I was happily surprised to see that it came gift-ready in a cute little ring box. 5 stars for the ring - and a little extra for the presentation. <end>  Lovely ring  This ring looks very well on my hand. It is much prettier than in the photo. It is really a nice piece of jewelry that goes well with my other silver pieces. <end>  Very nice ring.  This was a very nice purchase! I love garnets..it's not a real garnet but. looks beautiful! Not too big which I really like <end>  pretty  This is a pretty ring. the sizing was true, and its a pretty piece. The stone is a bit off color, but not more than I expected. <end>  good ring  its a good sized ring. its a little small but is really nice. it fits perfectly and it looks exactly as advertised. <end>  Great product and great gift  I bought this ring for a friend of mine and she loves it. The quality is great and I'm completely satisfied. I definitely would recommend the jeweler to others. <end>  great ring for the price!  I was very pleased with this purchase. The ring was well made and very pretty. <end>  Very nice for the price!  I wanted a ring to wear until I could get my wedding ring resized. This little ring was a pleasant surprise. It is very elegant on! I love it! <end>  beautiful  bought this as a christmas present for a friend of mine and she wears it all of the time. its an awesome present. <end>  Just what she wanted  My mother was happy with the shipping of the ring and my daughter loved it. It was just what she wanted to replace a ring she had lost. <end>
 B000Q8WI24  Stainless Steel Locking Bangle Cuff ||	  Great little accessory  I had this cuff for a while and definitely like it a lot. The cuff sits comfortably on the wrist, the locking mechanism provides simple way to put the accessory on, and the stainless still prevents the cuff from being scratched. The cuff's unusual design attracts attention and proved to be a great conversation starter in a few cases. <end>  False advertisement  "This is NOT all stainless steel as it says. the black hinge part is PLASTIC, can be easily twisted and bent/broken. Buyers should go with one that appears to be ALL metal or steel. I made a big mistake buying this!!" <end>  Broke after a couple of days wear. Seller did not respond to problem. Would like a refund. Do not thnk well made at all  this time broke after a few days use... Tried to email seller for refund as U do not want a replacement as would be the same quality. No response from setter. This tiem was shipped to the UK and not worth shipping back. but very dissapointed with it and lack of response from seller <end>
 B000Q8X1FW  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Pendant Enhancer ||	  love it  Looked forever for something like this - wear it all the time with solitaire pendant. <end>
 B000Q9TSDU  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut 18mm Marcasite Polished Finish Filigree Floral 3mm Band Ring Size 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  My New Favorite Ring  I love this ring and it is now my new favorite ring that I wear every day. It is a perfect size and feels very sturdy and made of quality materials. I've had this ring for 4 months now and it still looks new. Great ring and definitely a great value. <end>  Lovely sterling silver diamond cut marcasite band filigree floral ring  This ring looks the way it does in the photo, so no surprises. It looks great on my finger and I have received several compliments on it, specifically on its style. This ring is versatile and looks great with other sterling silver jewelry that I own. The ring arrived promptly and I would definately recommend it to others because it looks pretty and it is inexpensive. <end>
 B000QC0VJ2  LWRS045 .925 Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Marcasite 3mm Wide Polished Finish Band Flower Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Pretty ring  I like this ring. It is a nice shine and it is not a large flower which I was thinking when I ordered it. It is nice enough to be something that I can wear throughout the day and to the office and not have to take off when I am typing. It is a little larger in size, but I rather have my ring a little larger than smaller and having to put it away than showing it off. I like the way that this ring feels with the smooth band throughout the ring. Nice ring for a nice price. <end>  Beautiful ring!  When my ring did not arrive by the expected date, I contacted the vendor. Turns out the original package was sent back to them open and the ring missing! They promptly sent me a second ring free of charge. Wonderful customer service! The ring is very pretty. If you like the more antique look this ring is for you. I have larger fingers (size 9) and it is the perfect size. I was afraid the flower would be too small but it is very flattering on my finger. <end>  Cheap looking and gift box was filthy  I expected this ring to be a little more substantial in size. The band is also thin and cheap looking. This really looks like a little girl's ring. I am sending it back. Also, it came in a yellow satin gift box that was absolutely FILTHY! It looked lke it had either been handled by someone with disgustingly dirty hands or had fallen in the trash or something--just disgusting. I would not order from this company again. <end>  beautiful ring  just got this ring (fast service, and comes in a cute gift box). like other reviewers have said, it is not too big, and not too small. looks even nicer in person than in the photo. and, great price! highly recommend. <end>  Nice ring  This ring is a little bit smaller than I thought - I would like it is bigger, but is still nice. Delivery was quick and the ring has been received in a nice gift box. I would definitely order items from Gem Avenue again. <end>  Very Lovely!  The flower on this ring is very small but I think it gives the ring more of a classic look. I hate having large rings that feel heavy on my fingers. It's a classic look, simple and sweet. I would recommend this to anyone. <end>  Romantic Rose Ring  This rose ring is just so charming, it looks like an heirloom piece. Much, much, nicer in person and it has that great versatile look where it could be worn with jeans or a fancy dress. It really is unique and the detail is lovely. It feels very sturdy and well made. I can picture it suiting many different ages as well and, as always, with Gem Avenue the price is incredible! <end>  Ring review  Liked the ring. I wear it all the time. Hasn't tarnished or lost it's looks. <end>  pretty pretty  this ring is perfect not to big not to small. I get a lot of compliments!! its just a grreat piece!! <end>  Happy with Diamond Cut Marcasite Sterling Silver Flower Ring!  I purchased this ring because it looked so classy and the price was quite affordable. When my flower ring arrived, I was shocked/delighted at the beauty and quality of it. The size and shape of the flower is perfect, like a centerpiece. The diamond cut causes the ring to sparkle as it reflects light (impressive classy rich quality). I made an excellent choice ... I wear it everyday!Experience the happiness of wearing a classy ring ... purchase for yourself, relatives, or friends. I Highly Recommend! Thanks for allowing me to share my happiness with this product and company (prompt quality service).Frenchiel <end>  Love it !  This ring is simple & lovely. Although I thought the flower is bigger than it is, I find it just right. <end>  A little disappointing  Although the ring is overall pretty and very unique, it had a chip in the silver plate. But no one notices it but me and I can kind of pretend that it's a smudge...lol. Overall it's a nice looking ring. <end>  Beautiful  This ring is especially stunning. You can wear it with anything and it has a touch of Gothic flair to it. <end>  Beautiful ring  The ring has a unique look, kind of vintage-looking, and the flower is just the right size. It can be worn with anything. Fast shipping from Gem Avenue. Highly recommended. <end>  Rose Ring  I agree with the person that already commented on the fact that it is very versatile, that is one reason why I like it so much. It's my new favorite right-hand ring. <end>
 B000QC36N0  Sterling Silver Round Shaped Garnet Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Polished Finish 2mm Wide Band Promise Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Garnet ring  I bought this for my daughter for Easter and she loved it. It is hard to find size 5 rings.Good quality for the price I paid. Came in a cute little box. <end>  Christmas gift for my goddaughter  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 14 year old goddaughter. She saw it online and fell in love with it. When she opened the pretty box it came in she was soooo excited. Thank you, it made me the Godmother of the year.! <end>  nice for the price  I purchased this ring for my significant other(a very picky jewelry owner)and she loved it.The quality and finish were very good.For the price you pay and the guality you get,you can't go wrong with one.sizing is accurrate as well. <end>
 B000QC7AEQ  Sterling Silver 28mm Design Floral Filigree Flower Polished Finish 4mm Wide Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Pinkie Ring  I bought this ring to wear on my pinkie. It looks great and I have not taken it off since I got it. I love sterling and will definitly order from Gem Avenue again. <end>  Gem Avenues rings  Beautiful, perfect size, my thumb has never had a ring on it but I don't know what I would do without it. Will bye again , sterling silver, pewter, or white gold. Thank you so much for the new experiance in rings. <end>  cheap  when I received the ring it was already bended a little I tried bending it back but it wouldnt bend back to a perfect circle, very cheap you shouldnt have to deal with poor quality like this if you try bending it over and over it will eventually break and the repairs are way more expensive than the actual ring...Dont recomend it at all <end>  Not good quality  I was excited to find this ring on Amazon, I loved the design and it had good reviews. When I received it, I was not happy. It looks like one of those cheap jewelry pieces you get out of a 25 cent crane machine. The silver bends very easily, and the center piece of the ring does not sit on my finger straight. Not worth the return, I just have to cut my losses. Not worth this price at all!! <end>  Great Quality!  Love this ring! True to size, as well as great quality! Also, Cheap for sterling silver!! &lt;3 it! <end>  Beautiful ring  I was looking for a ring to wear on my index finger. This one is perfect! It is the right length to not interfere with movement but still large enough to cover the finger up to the first knuckle. It looks great! The packaging was very impressive too. It came in the cutest little ring box. It would be great to use as a gift. <end>  beautiful  the ring is beautiful, I'm very happy with it, and would buy from this seller again. <end>  Beautiful Ring!!!  I bought this for the price originally, when the ring arrived it is much prettier in person than the picture showed. My teenaged daughter will absolutley love this when she sees it in her stocking! Thank you! <end>  Perfect  I bought this ring for my 12 year old, and it is perfect for her. I was pleased with the appearance it is light weight, and delicate, a beautiful ring and a great price. The gift box was an added surprise. I will buy from you again. Thanks for the great bargains. <end>  Filigree Band  Very excited about my new ring. It fits just right. Never had a lot of good rings I liked, but this one I do. I also love the filigree style, it's almost reniassance looking without the price. Love this type of jewelry. I will purchase again. <end>  cute!  love this ring bought it months ago and i wear it everyday lots of compliments <end>  very pretty ring  I love the detailing on the ring and I wear the ring all the time. I was excited to see that the ring is exactly as pictured and it is true to size. <end>  Not what I expected  Ring was too small even though I ordered a size 8, so I gave it to my mother. <end>  I ADORE THIS RING !! EXCELLENT PRICE & QUALITY PRODUCT, CHECK IT OUT!!  I searched through thousands of listings for the perfect, contemporary style ring for my first finger, I found it in this ring. It is gorgeous, trendy and the price is incredible. Trust me, buy more than one because it also makes a wonderful gift and can be worn on any finger. Worth every penny & love this seller, awesome products & great communication!! Thanks so much, I will buy here again. <end>  Love it! Love it! Love it!  I've ordered rings from other companies and the picture of the ring has always been much bigger than the actual size. I was not at all disappointed with this ring. It came in the cutest little box where as other companies just put their products in little plastic bags. I love wearing this ring. It's definitely worth more than it's price. <end>  Very Pretty Ring  I bought this for myself, my 13yr old daughter loves it. She's also worn it a few times. It if a very pretty ring and comes in a sweet little box, great for gift giving. <end>  Cute  Very cute and nicer than I expected for the price. Runs pretty big though so get a size smaller than you think you need. <end>  UUGGgggg!!  I was very excited to see such a beautiful ring at such a low price. But my excitement soon faded to disappointment when I recieved my ring. Although it is very well made, the width of the ring just dosen't cover my finger. It leaves the sides of my finger revealed which was not what I was looking for. The ring looks bigger in picture than it did in reality. I hope you will take my warning seariously and not fall for this ring like I did. <end>
 B000QCI1QM  Solitaire Glory  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Bezel Set Solitaire CZ Pendant ||	  Gorgeous!  This pendant sparkles brilliantly, even under very dim lighting. It's very high quality at an amazing value and sure to get noticed. I highly recommend this item. <end>
 B000QCIWX4  1928 Jewelry Vintage-Inspired Crystal Drop Earrings ||	  I was fooled by the pictures  They look very nice on the pictures. I bought the earrings and the matching necklaces. But when I received the real things, they look so crappie. The metal parts and chain have sharp edges all over the places. The "Black-Diamond Crystal" are actually cheap plastic beads with big molding offset edges. The service from the seller is even worse. I paid for shipping and have the item returned the next day but only got 60% of my money back. Don't be fooled! <end>  Very Nice, Great Price  I almost didn't get these because of other reviews that they looked cheap, but they are cheap and I needed cheap, but nice earrings, so I got them. So glad I did! They are very lovely and look much more expensive than they are. I get comlimented on them all the time. <end>  Okay, not quite how they look in the picture  The earrings that I have are darker than the ones in the picture though they are still a nice cobalt blue. Too bad they aren't a little bigger, I'd like them a lot more. Still cute though. <end>  black crystal drop earrings  The earrings are even prettier than they appeared in the picture. They also look more expensive than what I actually paid. Another satisfying purchase from Amazon. <end>  Great inexpensve costume jewelry  As a st0cking stuffer, my adult daughter loved them. Are they real gems? No. Are they classic 20's costume jewelry? Yes. Worth the $20. <end>  Got them for a party and worked out great  I've been looking for a pair of inexpensive, beautiful vintage looking earrings for a Victorian Era Christmas party to go along with my black dress (yeah, it's probably focused on the Edwardian Era or even later, but fashion haven't changed drastically yet during those days. They could still get past the near-30-years difference.)To be fair, they do resemble the pictures, just that you don't actually get to touch the products. I probably won't get them if I were to be shopping in a mall, but they do the trick. Not sure how the blue and orange look, but black could definitely fool people thinking they're expensive / authentic without taking them off and examining them. Would still look good with modern dresses and outfits. <end>  Small  ALthough I liked these earrings, they were way smaller than I expected - - very pretty blue, vintage feel but much to small for my liking. <end>  beautiful and quick shipping  I purchased these earrings for my mom as a gift to symbolize her first grandchild, a September sapphire baby. She loves them. They look just as they are pictured here and look very nice on. Definitely recommend these. <end>  Very Nice  These were purchased for my daughter to go with a prom dress. They looked fabulous. I had purchased the matching necklace and she received many complements. <end>
 B000QCIXME  Sparkle Silver Tone Crystal and Faux Pearl Linear Drop Earrings ||	  Pearly White  Lovely earrings.The best two features are they are extremely lightweight ... just think ... no elongation of your piercing ... and they come with the plastic back around the post. Very comfortable to wear. I've worn them several times and have not had the itchy earlobes syndrome that comes with non-surgical steel.As a buyer you may want to know that the faux pearl is not transluscent as pictured. It is a solid sphere. And the metal is not the pewter color seen in the picture. It is a very shiny silver color.For those who do not page down to the product description and stick with the product specifications, the drop is 2" which equates to the 5.1 cm seen in the product specifications.As I type, 1928 has a 20% off sale on everything! through Sept 6, 2008. I must go look for more jewelry. <end>
 B000QCK7G4  Dainty and Elegant  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cubic Zirconia Circle Swirl Pendant Necklace ||	  Great purchase, no complaints.  Excellent product for the price. Looks far more expensive than it was. I got a couple to stock pile for gifts, all recipients have been very pleased! Item has held up for a while, would buy again. <end>
 B000QCKUMK  Antique Style Sterling Silver Filigree .63ct Cubic Zirconia Ring ||	  Gorgeous Ring  Wow, for the money you get a great deal on this beautiful ring. I'm using it as a temp for my wedding wrin as I'm pregnant and my originals do not fit right not now. I'll use it later on my right hand...much too nice to put away. The zirconia is beautifully cut and looks like the real deal. Only draw back is I prefer a band a bit wider than this one other than that it is exceptional. Janeliunas Jewelry, great customer service. <end>  The CZ out-sparkles the setting...  I received the ring much faster than I anticipated- in that regards- communication and packaging by the seller is outstanding! I was not as happy with the ring as I thought I would be... The CZ is sparkly and beautiful... the setting has a very dull finish. I uploaded some photos so you can judge for yourself.EDIT ON 9/21/08I used a regular polishing cloth to try and make the setting shine but it didn't work. Then I used a dremel with a homemade polishing disc and polished the setting and that worked quite nicely. Now the details in the ring setting stand out a little more. I just wish I could figure out a way to make the filigree holes bigger... they're like pinpricks... <end>  Beautiful reproduction at a great price  I bought this ring in silver and I love it. The CZ is very nice and the detail of the setting is exquisite. I also bought a similar ring in white gold and am not as happy with it. The white gold is not shiny and rather dark even though I tried to clean it. Go with the silver, it's prettier and less expensive. <end>  Gorgeous Ring!  THis ring is gorgeous. It is cut just like a diamond so it looks like the real thing. I love how the sterling looks just like old platinum! Its great if you like vintage jewelry. <end>  Simply Gorgeous  When I received this ring I was totally amazed! It is gorgeous and for the money I spent it looks I spent alot more. They have a ring for 500 dollars that looks just like this one. I feel I am wearing a ring my grandmother wore! I recommand this ring to anyone who likes vintage jewlary. The sellers were very helpful when I emailed them. I will pay other jewlary from these sellers and actually have a few items in my wish list waiting to purchase. <end>  vintage treasure  I bought this ring over a year ago and still love it! The quality is excellent and looks very much like an original that my mother owned. I just LOVE it!!! <end>  reviews were great  I shop on here all of the time and am usually very happy with my purchases whether it is furniture or in this case this ring. The reviews were great which is part of how I make my decisions on OS. This time however, the ring's center fixture was way off to the side making it completely unbelievable. <end>  Lovely ring...  I had bought this style before, but set with aquamarine, so I knew I was getting a beautiful piece, but seeing it in person surprised even me. I cannot say enough good things about this seller and her jewelry. Great service, prompt responses, and infinite patience with my myriad of questions... All of the rings I have purchased from her have been gorgeous and crafted with obvious pride and attention to detail. I LOVE this ring! I also ordered one of the bands at the same time, which was great because she made sure it was formed to fit together perfectly. You would never guess that they are not an heirloom set passed down through generations. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I love my ring! The only reason I gave it four instead of five stars is because the engraving isn't as detailed as I expected. I still really love it, and it's a perfect alternative to an extremely expensive ring of the same style. <end>  Amazing quality for the price  This ring looks so much like the real thing it is amazing. The setting is beautiful and detailed and the cz is appears to be of the highest quality. Truly looks nearly indistinguishable from an actual antique ring. This ring looks like it cost thousands, yet only cost around $60. This is truly the best cz/sterling silver ring I have purchased. I absolutely love it! If it is not shiny enough for you out of the box due to the anitiquing, just polish it with some silver polish and it will shine up beautifully. I highly reccomend this peice of jewelry. <end>  nice ring  I am happy with my ring and very happy with the service I received from Nancy. This is a lot of look for the price. <end>
 B000QCL376  1928 Jewelry Vintage-Inspired Crystal Drop Necklace ||	  Don't be fooled!  They look very nice in the pictures. I bought the necklace and the matching earrings. But when I received the real things, they look so crappie. The necklace is only 14" long. The metal parts and chain have sharp edges all over the places. The "Black-Diamond Crystal" are actually cheap plastic beads with big molding offset edges. The service from the seller is even worse. I complained about the length and the quality of the item and want to have them returned for refund. The seller asked me to have them shipped back at my cost. I paid for shipping and have the item returned the next day but only got 60% of my money back. Don't be fooled! <end>  wedding jewelry  This was bought as a set with the earrings for my new daughter in law's wedding party. The girls loved the set. <end>  Whoops  It must have been late when I ordered this for my wife. I don't know what I was thinking. It's overpriced about 80 times at $20. You could find a similar necklace in a gumball machine for a quarter. <end>  Nice costume jewelry piece  Cute. Yeah, a little cheap construction, and the crystals look a little cheap, but it's not an expensive necklace so you're not going to get anything fancy here. I just like this style of jewelry and my hubby never knows what to get me, so I put this on my wish list as a guideline for him. The clasp and the links look and feel sturdy, so it's good costume jewelry. <end>  Love it  This is a pretty and lovely simple necklace..The pic is prettier than the actual procuct because the chain is so dark But it is still nice <end>  Sooooo beautiful!!!  I have a pair of black metal earrings with dark blue sapphires in them and have always wanted to have a necklace to match. This one matches perfectly and looks so expensive and elegant! <end>  Beautiful  I bought this to wear with a formal Mother-of-the-Groom dress. The necklace (and matching earrings) were absolutely beautiful! They were dainty and not 'flashy'. The price was reasonable, it was well made and I got several compliments! <end>  Very Pretty, Right Price  It is a very sweet necklace and not too expensive. Could be in a nicer pouch than a plastic bag, but that's about it. <end>  Classy  I was not sure when I saw the pic if this would be a classy looking piece but it is and it looks great! <end>  My Wife Loves This!  Given as a birthday present to my wife, she loved it and now she thinks I actually have taste! <end>
 B000QCL4WA  Sapphire and Silver Tone Square Earrings ||	  Okay  Didn't find the earrings to be of the quality I expected from the photo. Not bad, but not great. <end>
 B000QCMCHQ  Glamorously innovative  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cubic Zirconia freeform Cross Pendant ||	  Unique and Beautiful  I've never seen any cross design as elegant and unique as this. It's perfectly sized and looks a lot more expensive than its price.It arrived in a nice box a lot earlier than expected.I bought one and was very pleased with it. Buying some more as gifts. <end>
 B000QCMZ64  Vintage Style Sterling Silver Filigree .50ct Sky Blue Topaz Ring (Sz 6.5) ||	  This is Beautiful!  I love this ring! The work is intricate and gorgeous and the stone just sparkles. The next time I order another ring it will definately come from Janeliunas Jewelry! <end>  Blue topaz ring  This is much smaller than I expected and there is a cut mark where the two ends of the band came together instead of it being one solid piece. <end>
 B000QCN6ZS  Lovely Lockets Brass and Silver Tone Filigree Heart Necklace ||	  Great product! Great price!  This locket is really nice. The price is right and it's every bit as lovely as the picture shows! I ordered another one. I'm putting in pictures of my mom who passed away and giving them as gifts to my sister and my aunt. Good buy! <end>
 B000QCN9PK  Pretty in Pearls Gold Tone Mesh Bead Falling Rings Earrings ||	  cute for costume jewelry  these earrings, although frankly costume jewelry, are quite attrtactive and not too heavy for the lobes <end>
 B000QCP47Q  Vintage Style Sterling Silver Filigree .50ct Mozambique Garnet Ring ||	  Love it  It's a very nice ring with a good price. Other reviews said it was too small but if you have small hands then it will look good. <end>  Beautiful  This is the second ring that I have bought from this seller and it is amazing like the last. I get many compliments on it and it is just as they picture it. I love the look of art deco pieces so I am sure that I will purchase another item or two from them.  ) <end>  This ring is small and looks like a cracker jack toy surprise!!  When my daughter opened this on Christmas she looked so sad. It does not look like the picture. That has been magnified so much. You can not see the filigree it's so small.It took along time to get. <end>
 B000QCP4OE  Antique Style Sterling Silver Filigree .65ct Sky Blue Topaz Ring ||	  worth the wait!  Let me begin by saying that the stone that came is more azure than the baby blue one depicted above- however, it is still quite beautiful. The ring itself is perfect- it is extremely well crafted. With filigree sometimes the metal is thin and feels as if it may break at one wrong bump, but this feels solid enough that I am not constantly worried about it. definitely worth the wait for this beauty. <end>  Beautiful ring and super seller  I purchased this ring for my niece for Christmas and it was more beautiful than I could have ever imagined. It is a fine quality antique reproduction and, at 16 years old, my niece loved it as much as I did. I had a hard time finding a small size for her and this is one of the few sellers that has sizes smaller than 6. I'm so glad that I ordered this one for her and it's something she can continue to wear into her adult years.I contacted the seller twice--once to change the ring size and once to change the ship to address. Both times they were very quick to answer my inquiries and were able to make the changes.I was very satisfied and impressed both with the ring and the customer service. <end>  Always quality...  I have bought several Janeliunas' pieces for my wife and they all have been qualityproducts with reliable descriptions and always a great value. This piece was a replacement for another ring that I had bought from another vendor. The quality wasnt there, so I went back to Janeliunas because I knew could depend on them. I wasn't wrong. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful!  This ring is so much prettier than the picture. We gave it to our daughter for her birthday. She has received so many wonderful complements. I was looking for an antique-style silver ring and that is what I received - and more. <end>  Worth the wait!!!  The ring took about 3 weeks to get here, but worth the wait. Beautiful setting and the blue stone looks like a blue sky. I love it! Very vintage looking which I love. <end>  beautiful ring  nice ring but the silver was thin and it broke. but it looks real pretty. <end>
 B000QCPEUS  Charmed Heart Simulated Pearl and Crystal Stretch Bracelet ||	  too plastic  This bracelet is much more plastic than it looks in the photo. It's okay, but absolutely not worth the $22 I paid for it. You can get something like this for ten times less in Walmart. <end>
 B000QD2I06  Large Round Blue CZ Ring (size  7) ||	  Unless you're Elton John ... forget it  I purchased this for my wife as a joke and it was a complete success. She's worn it to a couple of costume parties and gotten some great laughs. For this it's actually 5 stars. <end>
 B000QD2I2O  Large Round Blue CZ Ring (size  9) ||	  Unless you're Elton John ... forget it  I purchased this for my wife as a joke and it was a complete success. She's worn it to a couple of costume parties and gotten some great laughs. For this it's actually 5 stars. <end>
 B000QE051Y  Bask in the Spirit of Spring  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Vintage Floral Basket Brooch with Lavender CZ and White Crystals ||	  Check the size!  This is a pretty pin, but it is much, much smaller than it looks in the picture. <end>
 B000QG58Y6  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut New Marcasite Ivy Leaf Polished Finish Band Ring Size 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Stunning!  This is definitely my new favorite ring. I've worn it every day since I received it and have gotten so many compliments on it.The shipping was speedy, the product was gorgeous and prefect and I definitely appreciate the little ring box it came in.Will definitely be buying from them again (and probably soon!) <end>  Beautiful!  I received this ring for a Christmas present from my sister, and it looks great. I think it looks better in person than in the photo. I have very small hands, so I wear it on my middle finger. I think that proportionally, that is probably the best finger to put it on. I think it's a little overwhelming as a ring-finger ring. I really love the marcasite, and the ring is very shiny. I was surprised to see the price when I looked it up on Amazon to write the review. I thought it would have been more expensive. I also like that it is real sterling silver, so it doesn't upset my sensitive skin.The one thing I don't like is the design sometimes catches on things like when I stick my hand in my pocket. I am a little worried that I might catch it and bend it since silver is a malleable metal. I just try to be a little more careful when I am wearing it out and about. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I love this ring. It goes with my style very well and is a great addition to a variety of looks. I will be wearing it often! <end>  WOW***  You Were So Right!!! The Picture "Does "Not"do this ring justice! It is absoloutely breathtaking!When I opened the box....I actualy said "WOW!". Just did not expect such a "BEAUTIFUL SURPRISE"!I'm ordering a second one .....just in case anything ever happened to it!!! <end>  Very nice  My girlfriend really loved this ring. It is a very great ring for the price. <end>  Perfect fit!  This ring is a perfect fit -- it's very unique and great quality...well worth the price!! <end>  not a good choice for small hands  This ring looks delicate in the photo but much less so when you receive it. It's best for someone with fairly large hands. I'm 5'4" and wear a size 6 ring and it looks very clunky on me. Also, it's definitely not one of those rare finds where you can't believe how little you paid for it. It looks like a $20 ring, which is fine since it's nice to have rings like that for casual wear. And on someone with large hands it would be quite nice. <end>  Best Price  I saw this ring on another site for a lot more money and am glad I bought it here instead. I've gotten a lot of compliments on it -- it really draws the eye. Fast delivery, beautiful ring. <end>  Gorgeous statement piece!!  This ring is beautiful and stands alone wonderfully as a right hand or a left hand ring. Excellent value, fast shipping, unique piece! <end>  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Marcasite Band Ivy Ring  The marcasite ring was beautiful. It was delivered promptly. It was received in a beautifly wraped box. I would definately order items again. <end>  Elegant ring.  The photo does not do justice to this georgeous, graceful ring. I wear this often - it is truly lovely. <end>  Excellent Value !  Very well made. Much, much more than I had expected because of the low price. I will definitely be shopping here again and again and again. <end>  Unique leaf ring  I love this ring. It's pretty, slightly shiny, and very graceful. The size is large, but it's a delicate design, so it appears just right (I have smaller fingers and wear this on my middle finger). It's also thin on the finger, which makes it comfortable to wear, even with the unique shape. The value is amazing, so don't hesitate to buy. <end>  Vintage style  .925 Sterling Silver Diamond cut Marcasite Band Ivy Leaf RingI absolutely adore this ring. It's simply lovely. Very comfortable and pretty to look at, yet sturdy. I've received many compliments, and would most definitely recommend it. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is really beautiful piece of jewellery. Everybody who noticed it, gave me a compliment. Delivery was quick and the ring has been received in a nice gift box. I would definitely order items from Gem Avenue again. Would recommend this seller! <end>  silver ring with marcasite  I really like the leave design and how the ring wraps around my finger. It is comfortable and very different. <end>
 B000QG71K0  Sterling Silver Polished Finish Filigree Floral 12mm Wide Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Love this ring!  I absolutely love this ring! It looks great, goes with everything and is so attractive! I get compliments on it all the time. It's different and fun! <end>
 B000QH0XAE  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Quartz Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  not as pictured  disappointing. overly shiny and is adjustable--that may be in the description, but i didn't see it. And though i decided to return the ring, Amazon's return policy made it extremely easy, and best of all--return shipping is free! Thank you, Amazon, you rock!! <end>
 B000QH79OM  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Black and White Flower Ring, Size 5 ||	  good for the price  it has great style but it gets caught on stuff and then it will bend out of shape. it is pretty easy to bend back but it won't last long. <end>  Very pretty, very easily broken  Twenty dollars for a ring does not guarantee its quality, but it shouldn't mean it's a piece of junk either. For the first week, I wore this ring happily and was impressed with its comfort (I would afraid it would be stabby) and attractiveness. Since the two flowers are not connected, I thought I might be able to adjust the band size slightly. A small amount of manipulation later...crack. I didn't break it, but it was clear that the ring was not at full strength. I kept wearing it, expecting it to split in half, and it would be my fault (though I would have expected something a little stronger).Then, about a week after that, I put on the ring in the morning and noticed one of the stones had fallen out. Now the ring is double broken. Lame. Considering my cheaper everyday ring, theMarvelous .925 Sterling Silver Band Princess Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Slim Promise Ring, has stood up to far worse mishaps, I think that the price on this ring is too high, and the production just isn't a decent quality at all. Unless the price drops by half (at least), save your money. <end>  Beautiful!  This ring is so pretty. It looks exactly how it is shown in the picture and it looks really great on your hand. <end>  cubic zirconia ring  I adore this ring so much, it has gorgeous flowers on it for a good look. <end>  ring  Its a pretty ring, it looks excatly like the picture. It is really easy to bend. I let my friend see it and she accidently bent the ring. I was able to bend it back into shape. thats the only problem with it. <end>
 B000QI5AYM  Indigo Cat Face Gold Earrings by Laurel Burch ||	  Size issue  The earrings are nice, they look exactly like the picture, but they have a problem with the size  the are too big to wear! However, the store's other options for earrings (the ones with a hook) are perfect. <end>
 B000QYBFCW  Classy 8mm Dome Style Comfort Fit Mens Tungsten Carbide Wedding Band Ring Size 8 ||	  Great ring and great price!!  I have only recently acquired an interest in men's jewelry so I am still learning a lot. I bought a titanium ring thinking that it was indestructible but after only a month or so there is a lot of noticeable scratching. After reading about tungsten carbide I was intrigued, but I didn't want to pay hundreds or thousands of dollars on something without knowing I liked it or not. Plus it was hard to believe some of the claims about tungsten carbide. So you can imagine my surprise when I saw a tungsten ring for only $29.99 on Amazon (plus I was lucky that it was the right size!). Anyways I did order it and it came noticeably faster than what I was told. Let me tell you, I love this ring! I intentionally got a plain, shiny finish so I could see how well it stood up to time and punishment. I have only had it a few weeks now, but I am amazed at how strong this metal is. The only slight mark I can see on it is a very slight sort of blemish (which is not noticeable unless closely scrutinized under very bright light) where I tried to vigorously tried to scratch it with a titanium spork (sorry, it was in the name of science!). The moral of the story is that this is an absolute steal for $29.99 and I look forward to wearing this ring for years to come! Thank you! P.S. Also the rounded shape of the ring makes it very comfortable on the hand as well as not being destructive. My previous ring had a sharp edge and could really hurt if scratched against the body. My advice would be to take this into consideration before buying any ring. <end>
 B000R7Z12S  Miss Sixty "Vintage" Collection Charm Necklace ||	  Nice, but not once I had hoped for.  I have a few necklaces from Miss Sixty, and the first two I ordered have more weight and appear to be better materials. This one looks a little cheap and may be better suited for tweens. <end>
 B000R8KCEE  NFL WRISTBAND BRACELETS - ARIZONA CARDINALS ( 3 Pack ) ||	  Wristbands  Hi,I have rec'd these on time and they are made nice... I have bigger size wrist, so these were abit too tight for me, but I gave them to my daughters who like them, and they have had some compliments on them....I decided to put one on my purse to show it off...thank u..... <end>
 B000RB43GO  Small Sterling Silver Detailed Rose Flower Ring(Sizes 3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  So Satisfied  Very quick delivery. The band is smooth and the rose is lovely. Very comfortable and very pretty.Edited to add  5/23/2010I get more compliments on this ring than anything else. I've worn this ring every day since I received it (gone through the wash a few times too) and it's still gorgeous. I'm so glad I got this ring. <end>  Gorgeous ring at a gorgeous price  I bought this ring as a reward for myself for completing a milestone. I have very specific taste in jewelry. I enjoy simple pieces that can go with anything. When I saw this ring, I knew it was just perfect for me. I ordered it, hoping it would live up to my expectation. I could not wait for it to arrive. I opened the box and was delighted to see it was in a lovely little velvet bag, with the inside a little plastic bag inside. I put it on, and I fell right in love with it. I wear it all the time. It is very sturdy and looks lovely on my hand. This ring is very much worth it and is definitely at the right price! <end>  Absolutely beautiful ....  I have to say I'm in awe by this ring. The silver is really high quality and is genuine with a stamp inside the ring. The rose has beautiful detail and looks very elegant. For this price, it is absolutely wonderful and I would definitely order again. Not to mention, the size of the ring is perfect  not too large, but not too small, so just the right size to be seen. <end>  best ring ever  I love this ring. I bought a size 4 and it fits perfectly. I've had this ring for about a year now and have not noticed any tarnishing or change in color. The ring is sturdy but comfortable. I wear it everywhere- in the shower, when I'm cleaning, and even to my job at a farm and have not seen any visible damage to the ring. I'd recommend this to anyone  ] <end>  Too small  I had looked at quite a few of Silver Insanity's rings before purchasing this one. The service was great(fast shipping, arrived in a black velvet bag), and the ring is sized perfectly, but it is too delicate for me. I read the specs before buying, but the rose is a bit on the small side. Good for those with skinny fingers; good for those who wear a size 5 and under. The way it is designed also makes one side of the leaves behind the rose thicker than the side. It's a bummer, as I was really excited about getting this, but it just isn't up to my expectations. <end>  Sterling Rose Ring  The ring was a hit with my daughter. She loves it and wears it proudly. It is very cute and is as described in the advertisement. Thank You. <end>  Misshapen and odd looking  The ring I got was very off kilter and looks odd. In looking back at the picture it does show a rather large base on one side. From the angle of the picture it is hard to tell that the ring is not symmetrical below and above the rose. The one I got just looks like there is a big blob of silver to one side. It's a bummer. <end>  ok..  one thing i want to talk bout is that the inside of the rose is concave, when i want to take it off, it will scratch my finger. but that is ok.. <end>  rose ring  The rose ring, I ordered in the wrong size, and was not available in my size. Was offered to select another ring, or a refund. I chose another ring, and am happy with my purchase. <end>  Great ring....  Originally I bought this ring for myself...but my daughter loved it so much I ended up buying one for her birthday. We both are very happy. <end>  Fantastic Ring!  I purchased this ring over a year ago and it still looks as good as the day I bought it. It is a beautiful, delicate ring, and I get many compliments. Over time, there is absolutely no ware or damage. And I have worn it everyday for a year! <end>  simple and beautiful  I have been looking for a rose ring for quite some time and was never able to find one that wasn't so flashy. This ring is perfect. It is small,simple,and beautiful. For someone who isn't a big jewelry fan in general, I am in LOVE with this ring. <end>  Nice Little Ring Promising Love  I got this for my gf,juz to promise her that I love her and only her,she loved it. I gave it to her while we was in Orlando, after she was hinting that she wanted a ring, she didnt know I was going to give her one. But the ring is small and shiny, and it fit perfect on her finger. I suggest that anyone and everyone get this ring for their love &lt;3 <end>  Sterling silver rose ring - size 9  This is a beautiful little ring that I bought since my middle name is Rose. It is cute and a nice addition to the jewelry I own. <end>  a nice ring for sure  This ring looks very nice and wears well. It's very pretty and the detail is nice. The rose is kind of small so I don't know if I would recommend it for someone with larger hands, but it is very nice (even on larger hands). <end>  It's beautiful  This ring is beautiful and I got it for my wife and it's great but the rose on it is vary small smaller then the pic <end>  Beautiful  Very beautiful ring. The rose is very detailed. It is not cheap quality and the grade of the sterling silver is 925. <end>  I Love It!  Wow! i love this ring. my mom bought me this ring and i abosolutly love it! i just got it a few minutes ago and my friends are over and they adore it! its totally worth the buy. oh and moms it is totally an idea for cristmass for teen girls like me. <end>  Quick Shipping and Awesome product  Small Sterling Silver Detailed Rose Flower Ring Size 7(Size 3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10)I love this ring. I was looking for ring in a very specific size because I have big fingers, and I fell inlove with this one. They shipped it right away and I got it with in 4 bussiness days.I was very pleased with the quality of the product also. <end>  Very delicate  A very pretty, nicely-crafted ring, but tiny - even smaller than it looks in the photo. <end>  WOW  I absolutely love the ring. It is better then what i was expecting. So many people have commented about it today. Plus wow that was quick shipping, the ring came 3-7 days earlier then what it was expected to be here. You did a great job guys and definitely worth the money. <end>  Lovely!  This little ring is absolutely precious! It's extremely well crafted, with lovely detail and finishings. It's a catch for this cheap price! I get compliments on it all the time; I can honestly say it was worth the money. A friend of mine and I use them as friendship rings and we both adore them. Beautiful and inexpensive, it will probably make a great gift or a little something for yourself. It's a fabulous, classic and fun accessory. The only thing to watch out for is that the ring measurements are exact! So if you want a little room, move a size up. But, mine is a 5 and it fits perfectly. <end>  LOVE this ring.  My mother and I both bought thins ring to have matching.We both wear it every day.It's delicate and pretty on my finger.We're both so glad we bought it  ) <end>  silver lining  I loved the prompt delivery. I have gotten many compliments on the ring I ordered and I am quite pleased with the quality. The size was very accurate and fits me perfectly. I have no complaints! <end>  Just what I wanted!  The ring is beautiful! It arrived well before the expected date. The rose is small, detailed,and dainty. When I first wore it, I received so many compliments.It does get caught on things, but what ring doesn't? The band has become a bit deformed in the month I have had it, but it still fits perfectly. If you are looking for an elegant accessory, I would recommend this one. <end>  Beautiful!!  I got these beautiful rings because I wanted to surprise my 3 1/2 year old with a big girl ring without having to spend a lot of money (since she is 3 1/2). I got one for her and one for myself and they are soo beautiful, great shape, pretty little rings and she loved it!! It came fast and I'm so happy with the whole experience!! Definitely recommend especially for your daughters  ) Gorgeous little rings  ) <end>  Very satisfied  I was extremely excited when my ring arrived. The delivery was prompt. The quality of the product was quite lovely, and I was surprised by the detail in the rose and the tiny leaves. I am, over all, very satisfied with the product that I have received. <end>  Tiny Rosebud ring.  This was a Valentine gift for one of my daughters. I paired it with the matching rosebud earrings. I guessed 2 sizes smaller for a pinky ring (sz 4) and it was perfect. These are sterling silver, and the matching earrings are too, which made an excellent buy! <end>  Worth the buy  such a cute ring, definitely smaller than expected as far as rose size, finger size perfect. Wish they came in half sizes as I would probably be a 9 1/2 but went with size 10 fits nicely. Even looks nice on larger fingers, as I have such I am very particular about how rings look. Def worth the buy! <end>  small but perfect  For some reason i thought this ring was going to be bigger than it actually ended up being, but that's my fault for not spending the time work the measurements out. The rose part of it isn't as clear and defined as i would have liked but i still love it. I get compliments on it almost every time I wear it. It's very sturdy but delicate at the same time. <end>  Small with a great price  I was surprise how detailed this Rose Flower ring was. From a distance and up close you can tell it's a beautiful rose flower ring. My wife loves it. Many compliments. Doesn't look cheap. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  The reviews convinced me to purchase this ring and I am glad I did. It is beautiful! It is not too big or too small. I bought some rose earrings to match and they compliment each other. I also received the order quickly. No complaints here  ) <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this ring to wear on my right hand and to match a necklace/earring set I have. The ring is of good quality silver, not the cheap kind that bends and ends up creating a mis-shapened ring. The ring looks just as it does in the photo and looks beautiful when worn. There's not much else one can say except that it's great quality, good price and if it's your style then I would definitely recommend purchasing it. <end>  Silver Rose Ring  The ring is absolutely beautiful! It is very detailed, delicate, and just so very pretty and feminine. The picture makes the ring look sort of antique-y and old, but when in actuality it is very shiny and bright. Definitely not as dark as it looks in the picture, which I was sort of hoping it would be. But that's fine, I am very pleased with this purchase and recommend it to anyone interested. <end>  love it  I wear my ring every day and have gotten many compliments! This was exactly what I was looking for, at a great price, and I receieved it just a couple days after I ordered. I would definitely order from Silver Insanity again. <end>  A thing of beauty....joy forever!  Rose is my flower. I am happy to choose this "Detailed Rose" ring for myself which I never took off once I recieved. Its a pleasure to look at and a treasure to own. <end>  good. but don't be fooled  I am a guy, and I got this ring as a one month present for my girlfriend. she likes it lot and wears it all the time on her finger or on a necklace. we are both rowers so wearing rings during rowing is not comfortable. so mostly she wears it on the necklace, and i was disappointed that this ring has the space inside the rose carved out to save material. so on a necklace it looks pretty cheap.also the rose is actually much smaller (about 3/16 of an inch) than it looks in the picture. I was expecting a rose much closer to the size of 1/2 inch.I gave this four stars based on the fact that my girlfriend likes it so much. but if it was just me I'd give it more like 2.5 or 3 stars.still its cheap, can't argue with that. so if your looking for a nice gift, and not looking to spend much at all. Yeah, go ahead and get it. <end>  Rose ring far undersized  Rose ring was extremely small. It could only be used as a pinky ring. I should have returned ring for reimbursment. <end>  Silver Rose Ring  This ring is so beautiful and sturdy. I got it for my 5 year old granddaughter who is in the hospital. She loves it. I was sent the wrong ring the first time, but the company sent the correct one quickly. I am happy with the ring and the service. <end>  nice ring  Nice ring. Nice feel on my finger. I am a big fan of silver and I love how the rose twinkles and sparkles when it catches the light. <end>  I love this ring.  I love this ring. Many of my friends tried to take it from me because they wanted it too! <end>  I love love love this ring!!!!  It is the most perfect ring. My husband purchase this ring for me "just because" and every time I look at it it makes me smile! Not just because it is a gift from my wonderful husband but because it is so darn cute, and it looks great on my hand next to my wedding ring.  ) <end>  good purchase  i think this ring was a really good purhase. it came in a little blue drawstring bag (which i thought was nice). the picture does lead you to think that it's bigger than it actually is but with my skinny fingers it looks fine. i love it! <end>  roseringreview  The item was great it matched a ring that my wife had that she wore into. thank you very much <end>  Gorgeous Rose  Truly silver. Won't turn your fingers green. Great price! I love it! It is so beautiful and gentle up close. <end>  Love it!  I ordered this ring out of a whim and I couldnt be happier with my purchase. I wear the ring all the time and its the perfect size. I recommend this ring to anyone who loves true beauty. <end>  Great little ring  This is a small ring but for the money you can not beat it. Very well made. <end>  Outstanding Quality & Service  I bought this just as a joke for my girlfriend, since she loves flowers so much. She hasn't taken it off in 10 days, and we both liked the little cloth puch it arrived in. What was intended as a joke turned into a nice gift. <end>  Excellent dealer!  I was amazed at how quickly I received the ring! I think it is higher quality than what the picture shows, and is very delicate and feminine. The ring size is a little bigger than I expected, but not enough to be a problem. Thank you Silver Insanity! I will be ordering from you again in the future. <end>  Yay!  This ring is beautiful, and has even though it looks small on my large size 10 fingers, I am happy with my purchase. Also, this price is quite nice. <end>  Had It For Three Years!  I've worn this on a daily basis for three years, now! It's very pretty, and doesn't irritate my skin or turn it nasty colors! <end>  Fast Delivery.  It is a great ring for my teenager daughter. I bought 2 rings and i like this one less. The flower is tiny and the band is thin. The flower stands out. I rated 4 stars because it is tiny. Maybe will look ok on small hand as i bought size 9. <end>  LOVE THIS RING  I love this ring so much. I can see it being one of my favorites forever. It's cute and very detailed and great for my small hand. I love silver specks products as well. Can never go wrong with this company cause they ship quickly and sell quality jewelry. A++++! <end>  beautiful ring  Just got this ring! Its so pretty and so dainty. I recommend buying this if u things that are so cute. Cant beat the price! <end>  stones are amazing  It fit perfect and the stones are amazing. The pics here don't do it justice. I own a lot of real, fine jewelry and my friends thought this was an expensive designer purchase! I love it! <end>  Perfect  I love it! The picture really doesn't do it justice. It's incredibly classy and it has a simple beauty to it. It arrived earlier than expected. Will definitely be buying from them again. <end>  the flower was bigger than expected  The ring arrived quickly, and it was clean and nice, but it looks prettier in the picture. For example, the flower was larger than I expected. <end>  Love it!  I had this ring for a year and loved it! Unfortunately, I lost it a few weeks ago and am so glad they still have it! I always get compliments on it, it fits comfortably. It's great! <end>  Photo does not do this ring justice.....  I have to say for the price this ring is amazing. Very, very pretty. The silver is much brighter than the photo communicates though. It is much more shiny than the photo, not antique looking at all, just very pretty and classy.I don't think for the price you can do much better! Will for sure but more from these guys.Packaging was very pretty as well. Comes in a pretty, black velvet bag in a pretty box.A+ all the way. <end>  Delicate and Beautiful!  This ring is perfect for me and my tiny, size 5 fingers. The rose is perfectly crafted and it looks great! <end>  Cute flower Ring  I love rings. I need more pinky rings and it's hard to find size 4 rings that aren't just for children. This ring is nice. It's a nice flower ring that is perfect as a pinky ring for me. <end>  so pretty (  This ring is so pretty. It's very tiny and suddle. I've never seen another ring like it. I'm actually wearing it now (  I have no complaints. Its great quality and all. <end>  Rose ring  The rose ring I ordered is so pretty. Without all the pretentiousness of a stone, it is easily recognizable as a rose. I've never seen anyone else wear one and I am really happy with it. <end>  Perfect!  I wanted a pretty pinky ring and this was just what I received. The ring is elegant; a perfectly executed rose at the height of bloom. I absolutely love it and will buy another from this company. Also, the shipping was on the money, too. It came a few days after ordering by USPS without express shipping. Perfect! <end>  Nice ring, though smaller than expected  This ring, is really pretty, very detailed, but a lot smaller than I expected. I would of given it 5 stars, had I not discovered that it has some small holes, it seems that the rose was sort of soldered on the ring, but not completely. You can't really see the holes, unless you look for them, and I didn't really want to pay 5 dollars for another ring, so I kept. <end>  Horrible company - Thieves  I ordered this item. But was shipped some random pendant. The have failed to respond to multiple emails asking them to correct the problem. Luckily I was fortunate not to make a large purchase with them. Would not do business with these theives again. <end>
 B000RIUNRU  New Gold Plated High Polished 4mm Magnetic Toering ||	  Too thick  Product is too thick meaning it pushes your toes apart. The gold tone fades very quickly. Basically, I had it a month before trashing it. <end>
 B000RQIVMG  PearlsOnly Bliss Black 6.0-6.5mm A Freshwater Pearl Cultured Necklace 18 inch ||	  Great Value, Beautiful.  I read another review about the white version of these and was horrified the buyer wasn't happy. I bought the white ones for a friend who is over the moon, and the black ones for myself and my mother. These are freshwater pearls so there is some irregularity with them, both in color and shape. It's part of their beauty. This necklace is a lovely length, and the pearls are a good size. It's got those really pretty petrol colored green and purple tinges, as well as a nice wieght to it. If you've got a few spare $1000 and are after 18mm tahitian pearls, then don't buy these. If you're after a very pretty necklace you'd be proud to be seen in and want people to comment on, then these are for you. I'm going to buy some of the other colors. <end>  Excellent price for the quality  My husband bought me these pearls for Christmas.They arrived about 7 days after being ordered, appropriately packaged  secured in the box, in a protective cardboard box, wrapped in bubble wrap and placed in a mailer envelope. They ship with a printed certificate of authenticity, a little baggie to keep it in, and a pack of five flawed pearls that are a little gross looking.The pearls are exactly as described Moderately blemished (Which for those of you who are illiterate means that you're going to see bumps, lines and "globs" on some of them, it's not paint, it's the actual pearl material forming over bits of sand/grime. That's what pearls are, covered bits of grime, sand, and debris.The pearls are described as being "semi round" which means you can expect some oblong or egg shaped pearls, but nothing really deformed looking. Personally, I like flawed pearls better than the perfectly rounded fake looking ones. I know they're real, and I appreciate the pearl formation process.The luster is nicer than I expected, the pearls are shiny and beautifully colored. Black pearls aren't really black, they display beautiful hues of peacock green, purples, golds, and blues thrown over a dark - medium gray base. It's a beautiful effect, it reminds you of oil slicks or petroleum on water. It's a beautiful iridescent shimmer, you're going to be surprised with these.The pearls are strung on silk thread and a tiny knot is tied between each pearl as to prevent the pearls from all slipping off the thread if the necklace breaks.The weight is nice, these are weighty dense pearls, not thin coats of pearl substance over larger plastic beads like some companies will sell you. They're real, you can tell if you've ever held real pearls in your hand.The clasp is good, it will prevent the necklace from just slipping off, but it's always a good idea to have them checked once in a while to make sure your knot isn't coming loose.Remember, regular check-ups are key in preventing the loss of your precious stones and pearls.The bottom line here, is yeah, they're blemished pearls but it clearly states that in the description, so most of the negative reviewers need to learn to read. <end>  Excellent Value for the Money  I added these pearls to my wish list and was elated to receive them as a gift from my sister-in-law for Christmas. If you're looking for perfectly round flawless pearls, this isn't for you. However, for the money these are an excellent value. No one notices the minor irregularities and most think they are far more expensive. The clasp is particularly pretty. My mother received much more expensive pearls ($180) as a gift and I actually think mine were prettier! <end>  Hmmmm...  The necklace is very pretty however there are indented rings around most of the pearls. I know they are usually mishapen but it seems something else happened. I am returning the product for inspection and they said they would replace the product if found defective. <end>  It was ok!  The shipping was great it got here in no time, butttttttttt the necklace left something to be desired. It was rough and had gouges. It still looked great from afar. I think it was a ok buy, but for 20 dollars i can live with it. <end>  Great deal for the $  The pearls are just as described, fast shipping and nicely packaged. Even came with a nice storage bag. <end>  Gift  It was given as a gift for my wife and she loved it. You can purchase pearls but Black pearls WOW. <end>  Christmas Gift  These were a Christmas gift for a good friend a few years back of mine and she absolutely loved them and she still wears them. <end>  Nice for $  These are not top of the line pearls nor do they feel as such, but they are nice for the price. Make sure you have a general idea about neck sizes because these could be a choker on some. <end>  Deformed  These pearls are very clearly deformed. I understand freshwater pearls are not perfect circles but these are clearly of terrible quality. Pearls come in four classes  aaa, aa, a, and junk, where aaa is the best. I now own all four classes, and previous to the purchase of this strand only the first three. I also have a problem with the clasp. This necklace always seems to fall off for no apparent reason. The clasp is undamaged but doesn't properly stay together.For the money these pearl have nice color and luster but the overwhelming deformity ruins the strand. <end>  Awesome!  I don't buy a lot of jewelry, but man oh man I have gotten a lot of compliments on this necklace. She loves it, her friends love it, I love the price... <end>  Bad Pearls. Not a bargain by any means  Having purchased many pearls over the years, I'm well acquainted with inexpensive pearls, freshwater pearls, and pearls that are suitable to give as gifts. These pearls are definitely not suitable to give as gifts, unless your recipient is EASILY impressed. Most of the pearls on the string were badly misshapen. They looked like two half-pearls squashed together. They just weren't nice at all.The good things were the color and the packaging. The packaging was stellar. The pearls were not, alas. I'm stuck with these because there's no way I can give them as a gift, and I misplaced the receipt so I can't return them.If you want a better option, look forPearl Freshwater Cultured Pink Tones Necklace Strand 7.5-8mm 18" Heart Clasp Bucasi-- which were cheaper than the PearlsOnly pearls and considerably more beautiful. There were no double pearls in my strand, the pearls were very symmetrical (for freshwater pearls, anyway!), and the colors were lovely. The clasp was stunning, too. The only thing lacking in the Bucasi pearls was a nice box. Heck, for this quality of pearl I'll provide my own box. <end>  Marilyn from Calif.  I wasn't expecting alot for the price. But I was really disappointed in my pearls. Every pearl had a very noticeable flaw on it. <end>
 B000S11SOS  Amazon.com  Necklace Bracelet Extender Set - 1&quot;, 2&quot; &amp; 4&quot; - Gold &amp; Silver Tone ~ 6 Pcs in Total (FB210)  Clothing ||	  Excellent Customer Service  I am so pleased with Serenity Crystals. Sophie was great as the US Mail lost my order twice and she was great to work with. The product was just what I wanted. Kudos to them! <end>  extender set  The extenders were as described. I'm very pleased with them and the delivery was quick. <end>  just what i needed  No matter how long you need to make a certain piece of jewelry this will help. <end>  Thank you!  I couldn't believe how fast I received this item! And it's exactly what I needed. Thank you! <end>  NECKLACE BRACELET EXTENDER SET  Merchandise as promised - good quality - fast & free shipping. Would use Amazon over and over again for purchases. <end>  Serves my purpose  Nice to be able to get extenders to make necklaces more comfortable to wear. I have a short, chubby neck and most necklaces come too short for me. <end>  Not worth it and terrible product  I knew I wasn't getting real gold or silver, but I didn't expect for the gold extenders to turn black after only 2 days of wear!Save yourself the trouble and spend the money to get a good quality product. <end>  Nice quality  Great chains- the gold and silver really look good and I love the multiple sizes....My mother was looking for something to increase some of her necklaces' lengths and she will love this product- works great with the magnetic clasp additions I bought as well to help her out too <end>  too big!  These are great for making necklaces longer but they are thick and really doesn't look right with finer chains that I have. <end>  Christmas present  They are not for me they are a Christmas present but they look like they will be just what was asked for <end>  These are ok  Needed to extend a necklace that was too short- these work fine. My hair is long so it covers up the extension in the back. They are &#34;ok&#34; quality. <end>  Perfect  Perfect for extending any necklace or bracelet! & Since it comes with 3 of each color, its convenient to use on multiple necklaces or bracelets! <end>  unless you buy it for a similar chain in design and size...very noticeable  chains are large and when you put on the extender it does move around and you have to always adjust it moving it in the back. It's also very obvious when you wear it if it turns around i mean unless you are extending it with exactly the same type of chain and size. i return it. <end>  just what I was looking for  great price and just what I was looking for! The variety of clasp are awsome for the price I paid. Good quality! <end>  Save your money  I wore each one of these extensions once and they tarnished by the end of the night. If you need a brown metal extension this is your products. <end>  Good variety  This collection offers a good variety of extender lengths. I use them constantly. The mechanical parts work easily and smoothly. <end>  Poor Quality Stuff  All 6 pieces were very poor quality. I realize the set cost next to nothing but "you get what you pay for" holds true once again. The clasps had no springs in them. No way to keep them closed. The first - and only - time I tried to use one, the necklace fell off two times before I could leave the house. The company refunded my money with no problem, but they did manage to get in a dig at my attitude. I was told that "we have sold hundreds of these sets to satisfied customers", so, in essence, what's wrong with me? I just don't like to get ripped off. I found a local jeweler who made extenders for me - at a cost of about $10 each, and am much happier. <end>  Hook on necklace extender is a bit flimsy  I received my order very quickly & I am generally satisfied with the product. Just one quibble -- the hook on a couple of the necklace extenders is a bit flimsy & will sometimes remain in the open position after it has been opened & then released. After hooking it onto a necklace, I feel that I must look closely to make sure the hook has returned to the "closed" position & several times, I have had to manually push the thing closed so that the necklace doesn't slip off. In other words, the hook spring mechanism doesn't always work. <end>  looks fake poor craftsmanship  I bought 2 sets after reading other's review. Yes, they arrived timely. The yellow gold looks fake 24K and the silver is tarnish black, also the craftsmanship is poor. When I spoke to the customer service she said the extenders was not to be use with real gold but rather costume jewelry. To return I would loose out on Shipping both ways and the 15% restocking fee. I bought an extender in the mall at one of those earring/costume jewelry store for $5.99 that looks and is made much better, goes perfectly with my white gold chain. Chalk this up to a learning experience. <end>  This works well!  These necklace and bracelet extentions work well and are very reasonably priced. Only drawback is if you have a fine chain, the extentions are pretty thick and might be very noticable. They came reasonably quickly, also. <end>  Do the job, but definitively cheap  Got these almost a year ago. They do the job, but the silver ones lost their polish and look really bad after a couple of wears. Since they are at the back of your neck under hair, it is no big deal but they are clearly poor quality... but priced accordingly <end>  Poor quality, overpriced shipping  These are very poor quality. Can't even open two of them. Shipping was $4.99 but the stamp on the envelope was $0.88. Don't waste you time or money on these. <end>  Green jewelry  I purchased the entire offer of the 3 types of length in both silver and gold. I wore the longest silver chain for 4 days and it turned dark gray then it turned green. Same for the longest gold chain. Will not buy from this company again. Don't make the same mistake. <end>  Good practical extender set  Great price, fast shipping - one of the gold extenders had a minor flaw - two of the links were fused together. Other than that my wife loves them. <end>  Cheap  Terrible! I used a gold one on one of my necklaces, it turned blackish green in no time at all. I don't recommend them. <end>  bracelet extender  I sent this as a gift to Fiona Molloy, directly to her from Amazon. When I asked her about it, she reluctantly said it was not a good quality and may have been all right for a little kid. She spoke reluctantly because she did not want to offend me. Needless to say, I was very disappointed expecially since I spoke with Sophie and she assured me that it was of good quality; that her price was low because they are wholesalers.So, I learned a sad lessen and lost money in the process!Jeanne Snyder, RSM <end>  GOOD QUALITY, ONLY USEFUL FOR HEAVIER NECKLACES  I usually wear light necklaces, and these extensions because of their being relatively heavier than my necklaces pulled the whole necklace back and created a funny situation in which the extender was not on the back of my neck anymore, but standing way lower, dragging the front of the necklace up to my neck, making it look even shorter than it was in the first place.If you wear heavier necklaces with somewhat heavy pendents I guess you'll be fine though. <end>  Extenders  These are perfect and just what I was hoping for when I ordered them. I will not hesitate to recommend these to others. <end>  did not receive what was shown.  I received 6 silver extensions instead of 3 silver, 3 gold.I kept them because it was better than nothing. But, I would have liked to receive gold ones as well. <end>  No gold tone  I received the extenders, and they work fine. The problem was they were all silver tone instead of three gold tone and three silver tone. I do not need duplicates of the same color. <end>  Disappointed  I am so sorry to say that these were a disaster.Every one broke immediately.I have no desire to be mean,but really,an inferior product. It arrived on time but I am disappointed with the product. <end>  not what I ordered  I ordered this because it was in gold and silver tone, it came today in silver tone only. I have 2 of each size in silver tone. <end>  Necklace/Bracelet Extenders  These chains are perfect for necklaces and bracelets! The right sizes for extending any of your necklaces or bracelets. Great price for all 6!!!! <end>  Just what I needed  I had shorter than usual necklaces and these extenders were just what I needed. Now I can wear my necklaces without choking. <end>  Necklace Bracelet Extender Set  I got my "Necklace Bracelet Extender Set" order promptly, and the packaging was impressive. Moreover, the chains looked exactly as how these were presented on the site. <end>  I had high hopes  I was so excited when I got these, but they did not perform well. While it made my necklace the perfect length, after one day of wear the "gold" wore off and it turned an ugly dark color. Now I can't wear the necklace unless I have a collar on. I am now looking for an actual gold extender. <end>  Not a Match  Was looking for a chain extender for my chain necklace. These were to flimsy and they weren't a close enough match. <end>  great product  bought for my four year old , arrived on time and beautiful, one set was enough to make an ankle fo rme <end>  Good Value  Like the different size extenders. Quality is good for the price. I don't think they would hold up to everyday wear--they would discolor. However, they are perfect for the necklaces you occasionally wear. <end>  For costume jewelry only  I think these extenders are just OK, considering the price point. I've had them for a little less than a week now & have been using the 4" gold extender almost daily. The "gold" turned a very dark brass color after approximately 2 days of use. Also, these are quite large chains. They're a lot bigger than your average pendant chain so if your necklace gets turned around on your neck, the extender will be very obvious. I took a picture to show the discoloration & size, but this particular product or vendor doesn't seem to allow for customers to share their photos. Red flag.I like the size options included in this set, but you'll have to wear these with your hair down or a collared shirt to hide the discoloration and/or large size. <end>  I gave this as a gift with necklace and bracelet set ... Insured the perfect fit  I like that I could by any necklace or bracelet add this to the package and I knew I had the right size. No worries! <end>  You get what you pay for, but it's still not bad.  So I got these for a necklace that my boyfriend had given me that was too short. I planned on using the longest gold one so i could fluctuate to any length i wanted it to be. It came with all of them so I'm not 100% on what to use the others on, but I'm sure I'll find a use for them. The only problem is that it tarnished after the first couple of days I wore it. I still wear the necklace every day and have not had any problems with the closure of the clasp. <end>  Exactly what I wanted.  After going to a local shop with no luck on finding and extender. I found this on line and it is of good quality and it was here in time for Christmas to extend a bracelet for my daughter.I have no regrets at all. <end>  Love these necklace extenders  Went to getmore of these and this particular set wasn't available. It works to extend necklaces that are to short, would recommend to others. <end>  good product  These work very well for making shorter necklaces longer. I pair them with magnetic lobster clasps to make necklaces easy on and off also. <end>  Perfect for the little bit of extension on your necklace  I used to use old bracelets to extend my necklaces, but these work so much better. I do like that you get both silver tone and gold tone, to go with whatever you are wearing. <end>  Necklace extenders  I love this product. You get three silver and gold (what could be better)and it is a great value for the buck. I've used all six since I've purchased. In the winter I like to wear my necklaces longer because of the bulkier clothing I wear and this allows me to do this. It likes doubling the quantiy of my necklaces. I even purchased a set for a Christmas gift and am thinking about purchasing even more for friends. <end>  Not bad  The extensions work well. The only downside is that the chains are thin and so has a very small clasp that is hard to handle. <end>  Can help make an outfit!  I cannot tell you the number of times I had the perfect outfit and knew I had the perfect piece of jewelry to go with it, only to find that the necklace was too short to hang the way I wanted with the blouse I wanted to wear. That is one of the reasons these things are so great. It has also expanded my choices in jewelry because now I can purchase someting I think is a little too short without any worry - I can make it any length I want! <end>  Chain Extensions  My order was recieved very fast and the merchandise was packaged very nice.The chains were exactly as I expected from the picture presented on-line. I'm very pleased. <end>  Great Necklace extenders  I really like these necklace extenders, they work great..much cheaper than going to the jewerly store and paying to have your necklace be longer. <end>  nice product  I have bought these twice now and they are a good product. Easy to use and the different sizes help. <end>  Helpful product  Chain extenders are great to have; more economical than having entire necklaces of varying lengths. The seller is an excellent communicator and I would definately buy from again. Many thanks! <end>  necklace extenders  Really nice set, many length options. Decent quality for the price. I got one set in 'silver' and one in 'gold' and have used both. <end>  Good Necklace/bracelet extender  This was great as the bracelet my son gave me for Mother's day wouldn't quite go around my wrist and the jeweler wanted a fortune to place some small rings on it to extend it.l The extender that I ordered was reasonable and perfect and fits well. <end>  Product exactly as described! Quick!!!  Quick company got exactly what I ordered, received in record time! Product was exactly as described. <end>  Practical extenders  quick shipment; good functional chain extenders; chains could be a little more delicate but still good for what is needed <end>  Would not recommend  I have 2 necklaces that I bought on Etsy that were a little short so I bought this set to make them a little longer. I put the 2" (gold) extension on and it looked great, but an hour later I felt my neck and the necklace was gone! Thankfully I ended up finding it, but when I looked at it closely I could see that the clasp on the extender didn't close fully and the eye of the necklace chain slipped off the extender. I would rather wear the necklaces too short than risk losing them all together again. <end>  not all worked  ..the clasp will not budge on one of the extenders...its the longer gold one hoping i wont need it..wish seller would had made sure all pieces where working before shipped.shipping was quick though. <end>  necklace enlargers  I like necklaces long enough to slip over the head without opening. This is my answer to the problem. In three different sizes there is one to fit almost any size necklace. <end>  Easy to use.  Excellent product. Easy to use and worth the money since you get silver and gold. Worked great on all jewelry. <end>  Great idea.. fab value.. free shipping.. What more could I ask for?  I've had mine for nearly a month and I absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE them! When I saw these, I thought, what a great idea! This means I don't have to buy new accessories every time the neckline changes.. The different lengths are perfect. I've changed bracelets to anklets, chokers to necklaces and necklaces to longer necklaces.. And under my hair, who would know that it wasn't sterling? Compared to other items out there, this was a bargain! Someone had a similar item (fewer pieces) for $25, plus $8 to ship it. That's $33. These are $9, which means even if anything ever broke in this set, I could buy yet another 6-pc set and STILL be ahead. I go for the free shipping every time.. <end>  Partial Satisfaction  While I was successful in using some of the extenders for my jewelry one or two of them were so "delicate" that they broke and were unusable. The price was very low, but I would have paid more to have quality and usability for this purpose. <end>  Just what I needed  I can finally wear my bracelets that are a little too snug. I also have some necklaces that are a bit too short, but that is no longer an issue. Don't know why I waited so long. <end>  Great value  These are so handy and were so cheap. I'm so happy I purchased them and I used them all the time. <end>  Necklace Extenders work Great  This is a nice little package of necklace extenders. They work well with chain necklaces. You have the flexibility to go with different inch lengths or match it to a silver or gold tone chain. I wish I has bought these years ago to adjust my necklaces. <end>  Just what I was looking for!  I have a number of necklaces that just felt a little too snug around my neck, and this was the perfect answer. Clips on easily, and extends your necklace however many inches the extender is. Works great. <end>  For the price, not bad.  Everything arrived promptly and as described/shown. The seller charging for shipping on something that was post-marked under a dollar didn't sit too well though. Other than that, these do the job I need them to. I'll post again if the extenders or my skin turn green! For the price, not bad. I would love to find these in 10K or 14K gold for a reasonable price, but these will due for now. <end>  Color didn't last a week!  I wore one of the gold-tone extenders for less than one week before it turned orange, then black from tarnish. I soaked it in some jewelry cleaner for about 3 minutes, which didn't really help. Then I put it in my ultrasonic cleaner for about 90 seconds, and ALL of the gold color came off, revealing the copper & steel links beneath. I haven't tried any of the silver colored ones yet, but I'd expect the same outcome.Don't waste your money. Cheap ain't worth it if they don't even last one week! <end>  Necklace Extenders  This is a perfect set of necklace extenders. There are three different lengths in both slivertone and goldtone. They are exactly what I ordered, and they arrived SUPER FAST! <end>  Quality isn't there ... but what do you want for the price!  I needed to purchase these extenders for my wedding necklace. I only needed the gold tone, but wanted several sizes to choose from. The extender worked fine, and was sturdy enough to last the night. <end>  Easy little extenders  These little extenders are easy to use, and it is really nice to have different lenghts to choose from or even combine if you needs to. They do exactly what they are supposed to do. <end>  Very nice and really helps my Mom  I ordered a set of these extenders for my Mom. She is older now and can't work the clasps of some of her necklaces anymore. She missed being able to wear them and these extenders made that possible.Of course the chain can't match every other chain, but that's a minor point. What made her day was being able to get back to using some of her favorites.It's great that this set includes both gold and silver.A good deal and this simple item made a sweet older lady very happy. <end>  Nice extenders  This set of necklace/bracelet extenders have done the job for me. I have purchased several necklaces but they all came with chains about 3 - 6 inches too short for how I wanted to wear them with my different tops. With three different lengths, I am able to change the length of my necklaces to fit each top. This is a nice set. <end>  Necklace extender  It did exactly what I wanted. Several necklaces are now at a better length. <end>  Very versatile  Silver and gold necklace extenders of different lengths (and many opening to hook the clasp) make all of my necklaces (except for a couple with screw type locks) extend to the perfect length. This is a great product. <end>
 B000S9551M  Black Four Leaf Clover Square Pendant ||	  Unique pendant!  I love this pendant! A great little gift for someone who needs some good luck. At one-half inch square, it's a little on the small side, which makes it a nice gift for a child as well. The green clover contrasts nicely against the black background, and the square shape is unique also. It has a good-sized bail so you could hang it from a larger cord or omega. Stylish and a good value for a small price. <end>
 B000TA5C3G  Sterling Silver Millefiori Brown 10mm Round Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These are beautiful earrings. I bought many of these Millefiori Earrings in different colors and they are all very well hand crafted and gorgeous. <end>
 B000TA937C  Sterling Silver Hammer Finish Fleur-De-Lis Dog Tag ||	  Really nice.  Initially thought that this would be the size of a real dog tag, but came in and was about half the size. Which actually works out great. Looks exactly like it does in the picture, but more raw. Awesome pendant. <end>  Love it!  I bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas because she's been wanting a fleur di lis pendant...When i saw this i thought "well its a little different but it looks kind of cool". When it arrived, I liked it even more..i might even buy myself one. Looks even better in person than in the picture. <end>  Fleur-de-lis Dog Tag Pendant  I ordered this pendant to go on a 24" silver rope chain that was given to me by a friend. When I received it I was shocked, it was of great quality and the detail is beautiful. I would recommend this product to any of my friends, it looks so great on a long chain! <end>
