 B000006U3G  Someone ||	  A must have for any techno/trance lover  Having heard this song on the Oakenfold * Tranceport compilation, it instantly became one of my all time favorite songs. This song will make body parts start moving with out your say so, if you can sit still trough out the entire song I must ask you to seek help! Awesome again, get it! <end>  We Need More &quot;Imports&quot; Like This Heavenly Disc!  Anyone looking for a feel-good, toe tappin' CD with a great song...here it is! The first time I heard this song was in Los Angeles (while on vacation) on Groove Radio 103. Thank God for radio announcers who actually tell you the name of the group and the song, because if they hadn't I would have missed out on the great song &quot;Someone&quot;. I had to wait until it was finally available to the general public, but do you think I could get this import through my local music store? No way! The only place I could find it was on the internet. It has been a long time since my ears have heard a voice like Joanna Law's. Whether you want the radio edit (clocking in @ 3 55), the original vocal mix (clocking in @ 9 00) or the other three mixes, you shouldn't be unhappy with your choice to buy this import. It's really scarey to think how many good songs aren't getting through to Americans because they originate outside the US. Here's to a fine import CD and a good value. <end>  Why not available?  Can't actually say I've listened to all the mixes on the single, but I know they kick... D'ya like trance/euro with a few liricks... ...a nice song ? ...paul oakenfold...slacker... It'll beat your usual pop shet anyday. Gonna buy it now...F(UK) <end>
 B00004TFGG  Creativity For Kids Mirror Jewelry Box ||	  creativity  My 4yr old daughter received this for her birthday. It's a great craft that works on her fine motor skills. I ordered 2 more for her to work on as christmans gifts for her grandmothers and another smaller kit for her aunts. I think it will be great for her to create gifts this year! She smiled from ear to ear as she looked at her creation-I think she'd rate it a 5+star item! <end>
 B000079MJJ  Amazon.com  TOUGH GUY CUFF BROWN ONE  Clothing ||	  Looks nice-if you have a girl's wrist size  The design looks nice, but the title &quot;tough guy&quot; is a little misleading. I bought this as part of a Christmas gift for my brother, but the band would not go all the way around his wrist. It fit his skinny girlfriend all right, however. We also had to use the pliers on one of the snaps because a piece of metal stuck out in the way of the snap so that it didn't close properly. The name should be changed to tough-girl's band. <end>
 B00007FFL7  PalmBeach Jewelry 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Open-Weave Band ||	  Very expensive looking but runs small  A very beautiful piece for the price, but it runs very small. I ordered a size 5 and it's more of a 4 1/2 in size and I can't wear it on the hand I bought it for. <end>  the gold overlay is just a little to bright  the ring is pretty but just a little to flashy for me the band is not made for small hands <end>  Beautiful for the price!  This is the second thing I've ordered from PalmBeach Jewelry and it's very nice for the price! It's gold plated so it doesn't turn my finger green and it comes in larger sizes (10 for me) so I can wear it on my thumb, forefinger or middle finger instead of a &#34;ring&#34; finger. Also, in each of my PalmBeach packages I have received a free gift! In this package it was a woven bracelet which my daughter really liked. Okay, so it doesn't look completely authentic, it does look really good for a $22 ring! I will definitely purchase from them again! Also, this purchase was an Amazon Prime purchase and they guarantee free returns in case it doesn't fit. Can't really lose with this one!! <end>  Good buy  Sizes run a bit on the small size, and since they do not come in half sizes be sure to order a size up. <end>  Gold plated weave band  Love the style and size of the ring. The ring is not heavy when wearing it.Would recommend this ring. <end>  very nice ring  It's a nicely made ring. I bought it to wear on my middle finger. I've had many compliments on this ring. I did put a coat of clear nail polish on it to protect the gold plating. <end>  It's beautiful  This ring is beautiful but it's not as wide as i thought it was going to be. I wear it a few times a week and i always get compliments on it. The picture doesn't do it justice. <end>
 B00007FFWV  PalmBeach Jewelry Sterling Silver Swirled Dome Ring ||	  Love it!!!  I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring. And I'm glad I did. I absolutely love it. It is just perfect. I've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion  Please consider having more rings available in 1/2 sizes. <end>  Love it!!!  I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring. And I'm glad I did. I absolutely love it. It is just perfect. I've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion  Please consider having more rings available in 1/2 sizes. <end>  Love it!!!  I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring. And I'm glad I did. I absolutely love it. It is just perfect. I've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion  Please consider having more rings available in 1/2 sizes. <end>  Love it!!!  I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring. And I'm glad I did. I absolutely love it. It is just perfect. I've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion  Please consider having more rings available in 1/2 sizes. <end>  Love it!!!  I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring. And I'm glad I did. I absolutely love it. It is just perfect. I've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion  Please consider having more rings available in 1/2 sizes. <end>
 B00007FPNN  PalmBeach Jewelry 2.20 TCW Pear Cut Blue Genuine Topaz Sterling Silver Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings and excellent customer service!!!  I have purchased this set of earrings a few months ago. I really like the blue topaz color and the teardrop shape. I lost one of the post backings while wearing them. I emailed the seller about getting a replacement backing. They emailed me back quite promptly that they do not have the replacement on hand. They will mail me another pair of the same earring + a free gift. They kept me updated by emailing the status of the order and the shipment info. I have received the shipment today and very pleased with blue topaz earrings and the beautiful bracelet. I appreciate their great customer service, prompt and frequent communication and generosity. I will definitely order from them again. <end>  Great for the price  Bought these for my wife as just a little suprise and she's very happy with them. The quality was great and the arrived quickly. No complaints. <end>  Delightful!  Were on my wish list and rec'd for Christmas. Earrings much more beautiful than pictured. Fresh, clean and crisp look, clear quality gems. Quality is evident. You can always count on Palm Beach Jewelry to deliver a superior product! <end>  Cheap and nice!  They are cheap and nice! I gave them as a present to my girl friend and she really love them!They are perfect for casual use! <end>  Nice, but smaller in person  These earings are a lot shorter in person, but still very nice. Very quick delivery. <end>  Beautiful earrings  These earrings are really pretty and light weight, forget you're even wearing them. The topaz is light sky or ice blue. The picture shows two identical earrings, but the ones you get are matching opposites (swirl on the side goes up the left side on one and up the right side on the other). Very happy with my purchase and the shipping was really fast too. <end>  Blue Topaz Earrings  Good value, GREAT price.These earrings are simple, yet elegant. They look good dressed up or with jeans. You can wear them to work and go out that night without changing. The stones are a lovely sky blue and the earrings are the perfect size. Palm Beach is an excellent company to do business with. <end>  Very cheap crappy stuff  I bought these for my girlfriend and within a week of her wearing it twice the "silver" started flaking off the earrings. This is probably the worst quality earrings on amazon. You can get much better quality for lesser price. I am quite disappointed. <end>  Great Earrings!  This item is to be a Christmas gift for my daughter and I am certain that she will love these earrings as much as I appreciate their quality! <end>  Misleading quality in photo  Metal part of earrings on back hollow. Overall quality inferior to that which I assumed. Should have assumed poor quality since were only $40. May yet return, purchased as a gift. <end>  What a complete disappointment.  These earrings were a complete disappointment, they came in tarnished and looked like they came out of a $.25 candy machine. Stay away from this jewelery, unless you want to really piss off your significant other. Seriously, the items look NOTHING like the pictures and if I had to bet, are probably knock-offs of the ones pictured here on Amazon. Thankfully Amazon has a great return policy, but if I were you, just buy something else. <end>  wonderful delicate earrings  I recieved very fast slightly tarnished but after clean I love them big enough to be seen and not to lg to pull down ears would like to have in other stones too. LOVE THEM.. <end>  Very pretty  I like them a lot, beautiful light-blue stones. They didn't look quite as delicate as I thought they were when I ordered them but looking at the image now I can see where I got my misconception. The white reflection on the white background you can kind of miss some of the details. But very beautiful. I am very happy. <end>  I love THEM!!!!!!!  I just got them today , but I'm so happy! They look wonderful , with a good size and nice looking blue stone . <end>  Everyday classy or evening elegance  These earrings were my boyfriend's amazingly great first attempt at picking out jewelry on his own; I think he did quite well. The earrings are not too busy or complicated in design, but they still have enough going on to catch the eye. The overall teardrop shape of the earrings are doubled by the teardrop topaz, which gives them a sense of depth and symmetry. The medium size of the earrings themselves makes them appropriate for all occasions and also makes them comfortable to wear. They are just a beautiful and comfortable set of earrings. <end>  Cute!  Ordered these for each of my bridesmaids to wear on the big day. I just got them today and they're very cute! Nice quality and something you can dress up or down. I'd definitely recommend them. <end>  Not as expected  The image of the product is far better that the product itself... I know this is a cheap earring, but you can get fooled by the picture...The real thing seems like made of plastic, and the stone is not nicely cutted, and protudes a lot from the earring body (this is why there's no pictures from another perspective of the earrings).My advice, dont waste your money on this. <end>  Really disappointed  Was planning to give this to my wife as part of an anniversary gift. However, the silver was tarnished making it look really cheap. Planning to return this and am now empty handed for an anniversary gift  ( <end>  Great earrings!  I was skeptical about buying jewelry on the internet but honestly, these earrings are beautiful. I bought them as a gift and the reciever loved them so much. I was very impressed at how nice these earrings actually were. I would definitely order from this company again. I was very satisfied! <end>  Disappointed  As a long time,satisfied customer of Amazon.com I was shocked when I received these earrings purchased for my wife. The quality was very poor. The silver was badly tarnished and the stones were so pale in color they did not appear to be blue topaz as advertised. I hope for a full refund as I am not at all comfortable with the supplier of this item to Amazon.comWayne Snow <end>  DO NOT BUY THEM  This product was anything like I spected. It was not silver, it was stained, and the stones were lighter than the image. I asked for a refund. <end>  Beautiful and you can't beat the price!  I bought these as a gift for one of my bridesmaids. I wanted to get each one a piece of jewelry in sterling silver, and I saw these and loved the shape and color. They are a good size, not huge, but great for dressing up an outfit. The stones are clear and very pretty. I think she will be thrilled with them. Fantastic value! <end>  Beautiful  These are a beautiful set, not quite as blue as the picture shows. But hey pictures aren't always 100% accurate. Other than that, they are as described and come very well packaged. My Aunt likes them so much I'm going to buy her a pair for Christmas. <end>  superb  these earrings are wonderful. beautifully crafted. i have the ring in sky blue to match. they are dressy but not so much that you can't wear them with jeans and a tee shirt if you like. very comfortable to wear and a perfect size. <end>
 B00007FQI8  6.50 TCW Pear Cut Blue Genuine Topaz Sterling Silver Slide Pendant and Omega-Link Necklace 18&quot; ||	  my experience with ths product sucked very cheapley made like custom jewerly not happy at all i returned it .  there product was very cheap and it broke at the time my wife but it around her neck so i have nothing good to say about this company .thank youmr. carter <end>
 B00007FQNV  PalmBeach Jewelry 10k Gold/Silver Elephant Ring ||	  cute!  i really enjoy this ring. its my new favorite silver ring. the gold elephant is not as shiney and gold as the picture, but honestlyi'm not surprised at that. despite that, it is beautiful and i love it. the silver does get scratched somewhat easily but its hard to see that unless you're looking close. for the price, its quite nice. <end>  cute!  i really enjoy this ring. its my new favorite silver ring. the gold elephant is not as shiney and gold as the picture, but honestlyi'm not surprised at that. despite that, it is beautiful and i love it. the silver does get scratched somewhat easily but its hard to see that unless you're looking close. for the price, its quite nice. <end>  cute!  i really enjoy this ring. its my new favorite silver ring. the gold elephant is not as shiney and gold as the picture, but honestlyi'm not surprised at that. despite that, it is beautiful and i love it. the silver does get scratched somewhat easily but its hard to see that unless you're looking close. for the price, its quite nice. <end>  cute!  i really enjoy this ring. its my new favorite silver ring. the gold elephant is not as shiney and gold as the picture, but honestlyi'm not surprised at that. despite that, it is beautiful and i love it. the silver does get scratched somewhat easily but its hard to see that unless you're looking close. for the price, its quite nice. <end>
 B00007FR18  PalmBeach Jewelry 2.48 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Solitaire Ring ||	  Great ring if you like a bold look  I love the thickness of the band and the stone is huge. If you like big, bold rings then you'll like this. Palm Beach Jewelry is one of my favorites. The quality is really good, especially for the price. <end>  Great ring if you like a bold look  I love the thickness of the band and the stone is huge. If you like big, bold rings then you'll like this. Palm Beach Jewelry is one of my favorites. The quality is really good, especially for the price. <end>  Great ring if you like a bold look  I love the thickness of the band and the stone is huge. If you like big, bold rings then you'll like this. Palm Beach Jewelry is one of my favorites. The quality is really good, especially for the price. <end>
 B00007FXEX  Lenox Classic Jewelry Box and Pendant ||	  Sweet!  This porcelain matching set is stunning. The Lenox quality is truly present in this delicate set. With Christmas coming this would make a sweet gift for a young lady or any woman close to your heart! Very pretty! <end>
 B00007GF26  1.03 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Engagement Anniversary Ring ||	  I might give it to a child  I was so excited about my ring purchase, until I received it. It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of, the stone was flat, and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine. soooo disappointed. <end>  I might give it to a child  I was so excited about my ring purchase, until I received it. It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of, the stone was flat, and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine. soooo disappointed. <end>
 B00007GGMS  PalmBeach Jewelry Oval Cut Simulated Coral 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cocktail Ring ||	  IT IS A RED STONE!  When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture. It was bright red and I returned it immediately. <end>  A Gumball ring  The picture is not an accurate representation of this ring. The picture depicts a ring of soft, butter-y coral hue, when in actuality, it's a brash, carnival orange. It wasn't even worth my time to return it - so it will sit in my jewelry case as a reminder to be careful and ask questions! <end>  Nice ring for the price  Matched exactly my earrings what I had from before. Looks nice and not cheap. This store has a nice collection <end>  IT IS A RED STONE!  When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture. It was bright red and I returned it immediately. <end>  A Gumball ring  The picture is not an accurate representation of this ring. The picture depicts a ring of soft, butter-y coral hue, when in actuality, it's a brash, carnival orange. It wasn't even worth my time to return it - so it will sit in my jewelry case as a reminder to be careful and ask questions! <end>  Nice ring for the price  Matched exactly my earrings what I had from before. Looks nice and not cheap. This store has a nice collection <end>  IT IS A RED STONE!  When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture. It was bright red and I returned it immediately. <end>  A Gumball ring  The picture is not an accurate representation of this ring. The picture depicts a ring of soft, butter-y coral hue, when in actuality, it's a brash, carnival orange. It wasn't even worth my time to return it - so it will sit in my jewelry case as a reminder to be careful and ask questions! <end>  Nice ring for the price  Matched exactly my earrings what I had from before. Looks nice and not cheap. This store has a nice collection <end>
 B00007GHWQ  PalmBeach Jewelry 3-Pc. Sm. Quartz Set ||	  Perfect!  I am very impressed with this 3-Pc. Smokey Quartz set. Pretty enough to give to my best friend. Not too small, and really beautiful. Just right. Thank you! <end>
 B00007GI73  4.90 TCW Oval Cut Genuine Smoky Quartz 14k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver 3-Stone Ring ||	  Amazing Value  This ring is very beautiful; I will look for opportunities to wear it. The stones are large and balanced. I love the way it looks on my hand. I was shocked at what an excellent value this ring was! <end>  Beautiful!  It is gorgeous! This ring is wonderful, and you would never know it is vermeil. The stones are magnificent and it looks great on! <end>  great ring for the price  I also have this ring, and I am very happy with the size of the ring, and the price, looking forward to having more pieces with the smoky quartz stones, great ring, great price, great value. <end>  Good Value  This ring is a very good value for the price. Looks like an expensive ring. I wanted a smoky quartz ring for quite sometime,but could not afford an expensive one. <end>  really nice ring  i also have this ring. it is truly a beauty. the stones are beautiful and the setting is great quality. this ring looks like it cost three or four times the price you pay. could not be more happy. <end>  smoky quartz ring  This ring was really a surprise. It is very beautiful and well made for the price. <end>  Big Showy Ring  This ring is more beautiful in person than in the picture. It really sparkles and is bigger than I expected. I am thrilled with it. The sizing was perfect, too. <end>  Georgeous!  This is a beautiful ring. I bought this on a lark, but I am glad I did. It looks so good and I get lots of comments on it. <end>  Perfect to complete my three piece smoky quartz set  This beautiful ring completed the set and now I have a beautiful necklace, earrings, and the ring. I have received compliments on the ring and love it. <end>  I had much trouble with the size. I have doubts that have changed in size for the first time.  I had much trouble with the size. The ring is very beautiful and is so and so it appears in the photo on the website, but I had to return twice the size. I have doubts that have changed in size for the first time since my wife will stay exactly the same as the first class. Yet I will return for a second time and tell them how I was. <end>  Would have paid $400.  I bought this ring because of all the rave reviews that seemed too good to be true. The truth is that the raves are understatements. The ring is unbelievable, not at the asking price but at 10X the amount. You have to see to believe. I can't say enough. It is exquisite! <end>  Beautiful!  It is gorgeous! This ring is wonderful, and you would never know it is vermeil. The stones are magnificent and it looks great on! <end>  great ring for the price  I also have this ring, and I am very happy with the size of the ring, and the price, looking forward to having more pieces with the smoky quartz stones, great ring, great price, great value. <end>  Good Value  This ring is a very good value for the price. Looks like an expensive ring. I wanted a smoky quartz ring for quite sometime,but could not afford an expensive one. <end>  really nice ring  i also have this ring. it is truly a beauty. the stones are beautiful and the setting is great quality. this ring looks like it cost three or four times the price you pay. could not be more happy. <end>  smoky quartz ring  This ring was really a surprise. It is very beautiful and well made for the price. <end>  Big Showy Ring  This ring is more beautiful in person than in the picture. It really sparkles and is bigger than I expected. I am thrilled with it. The sizing was perfect, too. <end>  Georgeous!  This is a beautiful ring. I bought this on a lark, but I am glad I did. It looks so good and I get lots of comments on it. <end>  Perfect to complete my three piece smoky quartz set  This beautiful ring completed the set and now I have a beautiful necklace, earrings, and the ring. I have received compliments on the ring and love it. <end>  Would have paid $400.  I bought this ring because of all the rave reviews that seemed too good to be true. The truth is that the raves are understatements. The ring is unbelievable, not at the asking price but at 10X the amount. You have to see to believe. I can't say enough. It is exquisite! <end>  Amazing Value  This ring is very beautiful; I will look for opportunities to wear it. The stones are large and balanced. I love the way it looks on my hand. I was shocked at what an excellent value this ring was! <end>
 B00007GI85  PalmBeach Jewelry Marquise-Cut Genuine Coral Crystal Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Button Earrings ||	  pretty coral earrings  i got these to go with the coral ring. they are very small but nice. good workmanship. <end>  For summer..  What better way to celebrate summer's warm, caressing breezes, icy lemonade, nights on the deck and casual elegance parties than with a simple, chic earring? More specifically, what color is the only one in the rainbow that specifically evokes Carribean dreaming? Coral, naturally! Coral reefs. Fiery Florida sunsets. Flamingo's feathers, fresh squeezed orange juice. Absolutely no gem is more appropriate -or affordable- to celebrate the season.A cluster of crystals drops a folded fan of coral from a sturdy, gold-plated post that hasn't bend or chipped in the nearly year I've owned these. The stones are good, if not exceptional qaulity for the price and they go with everything from sundresses to shorts to swimwear to a light summer formal. Highly recommended, tasteful piece. <end>
 B00007GIFS  Flower-Shaped Genuine Coral Leaf-Shaped Genuine Jade Goldtone Metal Ribbon Bouquet Pin ||	  Avoid - Not as pictured  The actual pin looks sort of like the picture, but more like something you'd find in a dollar store. The &quot;coral&quot; roses are glued in different positions, looks like it was put together cheaply. Also comes in cheap box. Inside the box the pin is in a bag with &quot;Made in Korea&quot; in big letters. Although I wasn't expecting fine jewelery, I'd be embarrassed to give this as a gift. <end>  Lovely coral and jade pin  My coral and jade pin looks beautiful and has good quality workmanship. The only shortcoming I could see is that the clasp could have been better constructed. It's a little stiff. I like my pin because of the graceful design, pretty pink coral carved flowers and dainty size. At about 2 inches long, this is not an overpowering pin. I thought that it was a good value for a costume jewelry item. <end>
 B00007GJA1  PalmBeach Jewelry 1/3 TCW Round Genuine Emerald and Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Band Ring ||	  nothing like pictured  This item is nothing like pictured. &quot;diamonds&quot; are raised bits of silvery metal. &quot;emeralds&quot; are dull, poorly cut and set. <end>  nothing like pictured  This item is nothing like pictured. &quot;diamonds&quot; are raised bits of silvery metal. &quot;emeralds&quot; are dull, poorly cut and set. <end>  nothing like pictured  This item is nothing like pictured. &quot;diamonds&quot; are raised bits of silvery metal. &quot;emeralds&quot; are dull, poorly cut and set. <end>  nothing like pictured  This item is nothing like pictured. &quot;diamonds&quot; are raised bits of silvery metal. &quot;emeralds&quot; are dull, poorly cut and set. <end>
 B00007GJCV  Ruby 10k Gold Ring with Diamond Accents ||	  picture makes it look great  Don't go by the picture. There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side, its just silver. I wasn't looking for real diamonds in a $40.00 ring, but some sort of stone would be nice. <end>
 B00007GJDB  Ruby 10k Gold Ring with Diamond Accents ||	  picture makes it look great  Don't go by the picture. There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side, its just silver. I wasn't looking for real diamonds in a $40.00 ring, but some sort of stone would be nice. <end>  picture makes it look great  Don't go by the picture. There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side, its just silver. I wasn't looking for real diamonds in a $40.00 ring, but some sort of stone would be nice. <end>
 B00007GJH0  PalmBeach Jewelry 10k Yellow Gold Black Hills Vine Leaf Ring ||	  Beautiful Black Hills Gold Ring  I have this ring and it is absolutely beautiful. I would highly recommend this ring. I am a Black hills gold lover and this one impressed me. <end>  20 years later  I HAVE OWNED THIS RING FOR OVER 20 YEARS. IT IS THE MOST COMFORTABLE RING THAT I OWN. I BOUGHT IT ALL THOSE YEARS AGO FOR A FRACTION OF WHAT IT IS WORTH NOW. I WOULD TELL ANYONE TO BUY THIS RING, YOU WILL ENJOY IT FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE. <end>
 B00007GJTQ  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Simulated Pearl Cubic Zirconia Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Ring ||	  Lovely Ring  This is a lovely ring. The design is beautiful and no one can tell that it's not gold. The stone, however is a little on the large size and kind of detracts from the setting. If the stone had been smaller the ring would have been perfect. <end>
 B00007GJYC  PalmBeach Jewelry 1.54 TCW Princess-Cut Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Ring ||	  A Really Nice, Unique Ring,  When my mother's wedding ring started to break, I decided not to wear it for everyday use, and so I looked around for something that looked good, but that wouldn't cause me a moment's worry if it became lost or broken, or, Heaven forbid, stolen.I tried a few different rings before settling on this one. It doesn't have any bits that stand up, so when my daughter and I have tickling fights, she doesn't get scratched, (and for that matter neither do I), and I can wear it while cooking or cleaning without a problem. The design is gorgeous and I've gotten a lot of complements about it since I started wearing it. I like it so much that I've promised myself someday I'll have a real ring made that looks like it.I've had it about a year now - the stones are still tight in their settings, and it's survived all kinds of evil treatment because I don't ever take off my wedding ring. I don't think I could have done better for twice the money. <end>  A Really Nice, Unique Ring,  When my mother's wedding ring started to break, I decided not to wear it for everyday use, and so I looked around for something that looked good, but that wouldn't cause me a moment's worry if it became lost or broken, or, Heaven forbid, stolen.I tried a few different rings before settling on this one. It doesn't have any bits that stand up, so when my daughter and I have tickling fights, she doesn't get scratched, (and for that matter neither do I), and I can wear it while cooking or cleaning without a problem. The design is gorgeous and I've gotten a lot of complements about it since I started wearing it. I like it so much that I've promised myself someday I'll have a real ring made that looks like it.I've had it about a year now - the stones are still tight in their settings, and it's survived all kinds of evil treatment because I don't ever take off my wedding ring. I don't think I could have done better for twice the money. <end>  A Really Nice, Unique Ring,  When my mother's wedding ring started to break, I decided not to wear it for everyday use, and so I looked around for something that looked good, but that wouldn't cause me a moment's worry if it became lost or broken, or, Heaven forbid, stolen.I tried a few different rings before settling on this one. It doesn't have any bits that stand up, so when my daughter and I have tickling fights, she doesn't get scratched, (and for that matter neither do I), and I can wear it while cooking or cleaning without a problem. The design is gorgeous and I've gotten a lot of complements about it since I started wearing it. I like it so much that I've promised myself someday I'll have a real ring made that looks like it.I've had it about a year now - the stones are still tight in their settings, and it's survived all kinds of evil treatment because I don't ever take off my wedding ring. I don't think I could have done better for twice the money. <end>
 B00007GK0Y  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Crystal Goldtone Metal Cat Pin ||	  terribly done  shipping was fast, however it was terribly done, the gold tone was not flat and with a lot of bubbles inside, so it make the pin looks very cheap <end>  great-poor quality  great pin, i bought it for a freind who love cats, she like it...poor quality though..for price, it did the job <end>  very lovely  I really like this pin, and it came with a nice tiger striped scarf and a polish cloth. The stones really sparkle and the pin goes well with the scarf and all the scarfs Ive worn to work. It keeps my scarfs in place and is very beautiful. <end>  I Love it  I love this item alot .. it's really beautiful .. & great sizethank you <end>  I was very happy with this pin.  I was very happy with this pin.It was even better than what I expected and looks gorgeous. You will not be disappointed. <end>
 B00007GKNL  PalmBeach Jewelry Oval Cut Genuine Coral 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Tennis Bracelet 7 1/2&quot; ||	  THE GOOD, THE BAD AND THE UGLY  Per the photo online, this coral bracelet looked just like what I have been searching for. Upon receipt, I discovered that the clasp would not stay closed, even with the 2 "figure-8" safety clasps, neither of which would clasp properly, either. It wasn't genuine karat gold that I requested and that led me to wonder if this just wasn't total costume jewelry. I won't be using this vendo again. <end>
 B00007GLRT  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Simulated Lapis 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Mosaic Globe Drop Earrings ||	  LOVE THESE  I received these as a gift. I love anything to do with worlds, globes, or travel. The earrings are small (bigger than a pea) but dangle. They are very cute. The matching necklace is a nice addition. <end>  Lever back on top of the world earrings  I ONLY buy lever back or omega hinged earrings. These are really "top of the world" in quality & comfort and I know I will have them for a while, because the lever back keeps them on tight. The earth's sphere is done with intricate detail and they are a great conversation piece in "all social circles". I love wearing them. <end>
 B00007GNHR  PalmBeach Jewelry Marquise-Shaped Genuine Tiger&apos;s-Eye 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cocktail Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring!  This is a beautiful ring that is of excellent quality. The only reason I did not give it a complete 5 stars is because I prefer very dark tiger's eye and this stone is very light. However, because the overall quality of the ring is so phenomenal, I am keeping it. It should be noted that the ring sits on the finger at a slant, not upright as in the picture. That is not a problem in appearance, just trying to help with a description. I actually prefer the slanted look for this ring. <end>  very pretty  i like this ring. the super polish on it makes the tiger eye really stand out and move around. because of the design of the setting, this ring does sit a little sideways on your finger. i happen to like the look. it's different. very good value. <end>  Loving this ring  I'm so happy with this ring! The actual ring looks just like the image, except the stone is lighter than I expected it would be, but not a problem. It is still very beautiful. I love the setting; it sits on the finger at slight angle and I love the way it looks. The ring ran a bit on the small side for me, so you may want to consider that fact if you decide to purchase this ring. <end>
 B00007GNI1  PalmBeach Jewelry Marquise-Shaped Genuine Tiger&apos;s-Eye 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cocktail Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring!  This is a beautiful ring that is of excellent quality. The only reason I did not give it a complete 5 stars is because I prefer very dark tiger's eye and this stone is very light. However, because the overall quality of the ring is so phenomenal, I am keeping it. It should be noted that the ring sits on the finger at a slant, not upright as in the picture. That is not a problem in appearance, just trying to help with a description. I actually prefer the slanted look for this ring. <end>  very pretty  i like this ring. the super polish on it makes the tiger eye really stand out and move around. because of the design of the setting, this ring does sit a little sideways on your finger. i happen to like the look. it's different. very good value. <end>  Loving this ring  I'm so happy with this ring! The actual ring looks just like the image, except the stone is lighter than I expected it would be, but not a problem. It is still very beautiful. I love the setting; it sits on the finger at slight angle and I love the way it looks. The ring ran a bit on the small side for me, so you may want to consider that fact if you decide to purchase this ring. <end>
 B00007LXM0  PalmBeach Jewelry 14k Gold-Plated Elephant Ankle Bracelet ||	  elephant ankle bracelet  product arrived as advertised, very happy with seller and would definitely buy from them again <end>  Definitely not gold  Please do not waste your money. This anklet is not gold and comes in a very big fit. I am a size 7 in shoes and my ankle is a bit bigger than &#34;normal&#34; yet it still fits huge. Do not recommend. Waste of money. <end>  This is NOT an anklet!!!  The size is too long to be an anklet, and it's so thick for being an anklet. I Believe anklets should be fine and thin, I did return this product. <end>  Elephant parade  Gift item that was much appreciated. Will have to have it sized for the ankle, but otherwise it was great. <end>  elephant ankle bracelet  I was quite disapointed with this ankle bracelet. It is very cheap looking and it is also way too big. <end>  Disappointed!!!!  I've been eyeing this ankle bracelet for months. I purchased it so I could wear it on Mother's Day. It was shipped on time,and it looked beautiful. I put it on right away and two days later my ankle had a black circle around it,and the anklet was changing colors. I removed it,washed it off with a mild cleanser made for costume jewelry. It was still a little off color but shiny enough to wear. Four days later to my horror it had turned a brownish copper color it was no longer wearable. It was suppose to be plated in 14k gold, if it was,it was a very thin layer. SO SO disappointed. DO NOT BUY THIS ANKLE BRACELET. I'm returning it for a refund. <end>
 B000085PTA  Oval-Shaped Genuine Coral 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Cluster Cocktail Ring ||	  Woohoo!  I originally ordered this for my girlfriend's birthday but i wasn't able to wait that long. I opened it up when it first arrived. At first i was unsatisfied since it had looked cloudy. Thinking I had failed I simply left it by the window and went to workout. Two hours later I was ready to pack it up and return it when I had actually noticed the diamonds were radiating and the corals itself make an impression on you. (I myself put it on since we have similar finger sizes) All I can say was, the reaction on her face was speechless. I was scared but then reassured as she leaped to my arms. Woohoo! oh yeah! free gift, bracelet? Why not! <end>  Coral 18K ring from Palm Beach Jewelry  This ring was provided in its own box, with a beautiful free necklace and polishing cloth given by Palm Beach Jewelry. The ring itself is beautiful, and well made. It is delicate, yet strong in balance tone, color of stones and the arrangement is great. I would buy this item again from this location. <end>  Nice But too small  It is nice ring with same color in picture . size is ok , but looks too small on the hand. even looks large in the picture .I thought it's bigger on hand.thanks <end>  PalmBeach Coral Cluster Ring  This is a very beautiful ring. The color and quality of the ring is fantastic. Enjoy this ring very much. <end>  beautiful coral  this ring is really pretty. looks exactly as pictured. the coral is a lovely color and the design is delicate, not gaudy. i love this ring. <end>  Woohoo!  I originally ordered this for my girlfriend's birthday but i wasn't able to wait that long. I opened it up when it first arrived. At first i was unsatisfied since it had looked cloudy. Thinking I had failed I simply left it by the window and went to workout. Two hours later I was ready to pack it up and return it when I had actually noticed the diamonds were radiating and the corals itself make an impression on you. (I myself put it on since we have similar finger sizes) All I can say was, the reaction on her face was speechless. I was scared but then reassured as she leaped to my arms. Woohoo! oh yeah! free gift, bracelet? Why not! <end>  Coral 18K ring from Palm Beach Jewelry  This ring was provided in its own box, with a beautiful free necklace and polishing cloth given by Palm Beach Jewelry. The ring itself is beautiful, and well made. It is delicate, yet strong in balance tone, color of stones and the arrangement is great. I would buy this item again from this location. <end>  Nice But too small  It is nice ring with same color in picture . size is ok , but looks too small on the hand. even looks large in the picture .I thought it's bigger on hand.thanks <end>  PalmBeach Coral Cluster Ring  This is a very beautiful ring. The color and quality of the ring is fantastic. Enjoy this ring very much. <end>  beautiful coral  this ring is really pretty. looks exactly as pictured. the coral is a lovely color and the design is delicate, not gaudy. i love this ring. <end>
 B00009XWTS  Pendant Star Of David Two Tone - Gold Filled (22x19 Millimeters In Size.) ||	  Two-tone, indeed!  I bought this for my mother-in-law's birthday recently, and she was so surprised when she opened the box, she plotzed right there in the living room. She's OK now, but for some reason I'm not allowed to visit or call for another five months--at least, those were the instructions I think my father-in-law was shouting as my wife hustled me out the door of their house.Anyway, as you can see from the picture above, this tastefully understated pendant makes a great gift. And a versatile one too! See, the folks at Avelor engineered this fine piece of jewelry so that it would appeal to religious Jews (like my mother-in-law) as well as to religious gentiles (like Mel Gibson). And to everyone in between who can't make up their minds. It's kind of like Mounds and Almond Joy all rolled up into one, if you think about it. I did. A lot.I plan on saving up to buy a few more of these pendants before my business trip to Israel in a few months. I think handing these out as gifts to my potential clients will go a long way toward ensuring that my company gets those synagogue-construction contracts. Wish me luck. Shalom! <end>
 B00009XYFO  Pendant Medal Oval St. Christopher - 14 Karat Gold (25x17.5 Millimeters In Size.) ||	  Quality  The medal is very good quality with excellent workmanship. It was exactly as described by the seller. The packaging was such that it could be immediately gift wrapped if so inclined. <end>
 B0000A1YH1  1mm Diamond Cut Rope - 24 inches - 4.1 grams ||	  Excellent Gold Chain  I was a little hesitant to order this chain because it was so inexpensive, but I went ahead and was wonderfully surprised! The quality was better than most department stores and the price was more like sterling sliver than white gold. I'm very pleased and will continue to order from this company!! <end>
 B0000ABDNC  Round CZ Band size 9 ||	  gold?  is this ring gold? if yes, 14k or 18k? <end>
 B0000ABDND  Round CZ Band size 6.5 ||	  gold?  is this ring gold? if yes, 14k or 18k? <end>
 B0000ABDNF  Round CZ Band size 8 ||	  gold?  is this ring gold? if yes, 14k or 18k? <end>
 B0000AGQMS  Peridot/Tourmaline 10k Gold Ring ||	  Nice Item!  I purchased this ring for myself for Valentine's Day. I really love the way it looks on my hand. The craftsmanship is quite nice, though the prongs tend to get caught in my clothes. I don't care, though, because it is just beautiful and well worth the price. <end>  Nice Item!  I purchased this ring for myself for Valentine's Day. I really love the way it looks on my hand. The craftsmanship is quite nice, though the prongs tend to get caught in my clothes. I don't care, though, because it is just beautiful and well worth the price. <end>
 B0000AHEAQ  14k Yellow and White Gold Diamond-cut Chandelier Post Earrings ||	  Great  These earrings are very light weight and comfortable to wear. I have gotten alot of compliments on them. <end>
 B0000AOX1F  14k Yellow Gold and Sterling Silver Flower Shaped Pendant, 18" ||	  Lovely  This pendant is even lovelier than it looks in the picture. I wore it at a wedding and I received plenty of compliments. I am definitely happy I bought it--and at a great price. <end>  Great product!  Very beautiful! I bought it for a bridesmaids gift for one of my girls, but I think I'll be buying one for myself. Elegant and different. <end>  Photo doesn't do it justice  This necklace was much prettier than I imagined it would be. It has a very nice size pendant that grabs the light and shows it off nicely. <end>
 B0000AOX1J  14k Yellow Gold and Sterling Silver Rectangular Earrings ||	  Lovely earrings  I was very pleased with the quality of these earrings for the low price. Awesome deal! <end>
 B0000AOX1N  Sterling Silver Pink Shell Heart Earrings ||	  Not like the picture!  I was very disappointed when I received these earrings. I purchased them as a gift, but I'm not sure if I'll still give them away. They're called &quot;Pink Shell&quot; earrings, but the shell looks pretty white to me...more like mother-of-pearl without a hint of pink. If you're looking for pink, these won't be the earrings for you. <end>  VERY Disappointing  This is a real bad purchase. I bought this item to go with my new pink dress. The earrings look pink in the picture, but are actually absolutely white. I will return them back and look for a better deal elsewhere. <end>  Disapointing  I also ordered these earrings, expecting them to be pink like the pair in the picture. Although they are well made, they are white; no hint of pink can be found. These earrings are nice if the color doesn't matter to you , but don't expect them to look like the pair shown. <end>
 B0000AOX1W  Sterling Silver and Colored Stone Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Piece!  I got this bracelet as a Christmas gift. It is absolutely gorgeous in person, the picture online does not do it justice. It's very eye-catching but not gaudy. I've gotten several compliments on it just since Christmas. My one complaint is that due to the size and shape of the stones, and how close they are to the clasp, it's a little difficult for me to actually put it on myself - I always need someone to clasp it for me. But that's really a minor thing and I'm sure if I worked at it, I could do it myself eventually. <end>
 B0000AOX1Z  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  Great Value  These are beautiful earrings. I am very happy with them they look as good in reality as they do in the picture. I had originally bought them as a gift but didn't arrive in time for Christmas so I kept them for myself. I am happy I did because I was complimented on them the first time I wore them. <end>  Beautiful Deal  These are truly beautiful earrings - at least for some ears. For me for instance, they look great, but my friend has attached earlobes, and they didn't look too great on her. They are very beautifully designed, and if you have the money, I'd say it's worth it. I wouldn't wear them on casual occasions in my opinion. I think they are better for formal attires. <end>  Lovely earrings  I didn't find these earrings to be larger than expected, nor did I (or any of the people I came across while wearing them today) find them to look fake. The stones are sky blue and perfectly clear. The settings are durable, well made and fit exactly as stated, with the stones hanging just under the earlobe. Several people commented on them, as well as asked the coveted "where-did-you-get-those" question. I'm very pleased with this purchase! <end>  GREAT LITTLE EARRINGS FOR THE PRICE!!  I bought these earrings at a great cost and when they arrived in less then two days I was amazed on the beauty of them . I had about four compliments on them in one day!!!! <end>  Just beautiful for the price  I just bought these for my moms for mother's day and they both Just loved them. They really were gorgeous. <end>  too big, too heavy  I found these earrings to be bigger, heavier, and of lower quality materials than I expected. The stones are nice, but the setting seems cheap/fake looking. I haven't worn them much at all sadly. <end>  Bigger and Heavier than Expected  I've a small face and find the earrings too big for me. The quality is OK though. <end>  Bigger than expected  These earrings are definitely pretty, but I agree with the other reviewers who said they were bigger than they expected. I bought them as a gift for my mother but ended up returning them, because they didn't look good on me so I knew they probably wouldn't look good on her. That's not to say they're not nice, I just expected something a little daintier. <end>
 B0000AOX28  Sterling Silver, Peridot and Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings!!!  These earrings are smaller than the pendant which I think looks much better than having the pendant and earrings the same size. They are very sparkly - moreso than the picture and very solid. I also bought the necklace that goes with it and the pendant is absolutely beautiful but the chain I'm not super into so I'm using a white gold 16 inch chain I have. The one it came with is very strong and obviously very good quality but a little to thick for my taste. Beautiful jewelry and makes me feel and look like a princess!!! Thanks Amazon! <end>
 B0000AOX2L  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Beautiful  This bracelet is absolutely gorgeous. I was going to a wedding, and I wanted to wear black jewelry, so I purchased this bracelet. It went perfectly with my dress and my other jewelry.The only problem I had with it was that the clasp did not want to stay closed. Several times throughout the evening, the bracelet fell off. Fortunately, I found it every time, but next time I may not be so lucky. <end>  This is a great bracelet but......  I had an allergic reaction to it. Some sterling silver causes me to have an allergic reaction depending on how and where it is manufactured.I love the bracelet and am going to try using clear nail polish on the inner surfaces that touch my skin, hopefully that will work. <end>  Not so dainty afterall... with a bad clasp  I purchased this item thinking that it would be similar to the picture on the site. I was a little disappointed in that the bracelet links are larger then they actually appear in the photo. The bracelet is still very nice looking but, again, larger than I had assumed it would be.The clasp is very hard to fasten and unfasten. Once the bracelet is fastened it stays fastened, literally. My problem is that when I put it on I have a HARD time getting it off. I'm sure that with some wearing the clasp will get easier. I just hope, after reading another review, that it will not get so easy that I end up losing it. <end>
 B0000AOX3C  Sterling Silver, Garnet, Black Onyx, and Grey Shell Earrings ||	  Beautifuly Earrings!  The quality and workmanship on these earrings is quite good. I've received numerous complements on these -- a really good buy! <end>
 B0000AOXEF  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Bracelet w/ Diamond (.01ctw), 7" ||	  Poor quality of Freshwater cultured peral bracelet  I only wore a couple of times, and it broke yesterday, I don't know how can I get it fixed. There is no warranty card or vendor information to contact <end>
 B0000AOXIN  Akoya Cultured Pearl 6.0-6.5mm Earrings w/ Diamond (.10ctw) ||	  Just beautiful  The quality of these earrings is excellent. They are just the right size and the price was fantastic. <end>
 B0000AOXKI  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Earrings ||	  Ok, but luster lacking  The pearls I received were yellowish in hue - not bright white. The luster was rather dull - yes, evenly matched dull. However, the set pictured are almost pink in color with a brilliant luster.I will just wear them for everyday.For $15, this was a 'you get what you pay for' set of earrings, not worth returning. If I'd paid more, I'd return them. B or C quality. <end>  Very nice!  These are very nice looking earrings at a great price, especially since I got them at 50% off. Great as a gift. <end>
 B0000AOXKP  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Earrings w/ Diamond (.04ctw) ||	  Elegant looking...  If you like the classics then this is a good one. Pretty and very simple. Shipping was superfast, I didn't pay any extra, so I like that. The diamond is just a chip but then what do you want for the price. I'm very happy with the earrings. <end>
 B0000AOXL5  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 6.5-7.0mm Bracelet, 7" ||	  Long term quality issues  When I recieved the item, the only problem with it was a slightly bent clasp. Because of the bargain, I overlooked this relatively small matter. I thouroughly enjoyed my pearl bracelet for just over three months, wearing it almost daily. Then the strand broke near the clasp. Thankfully, I only lost one pearl, however I am very disappointed that it broke at all. Unfortunately, there is not a return, exchange, or repair policy for this item, that is viewable through this site. <end>  Freshwater Pearl Bracelet  This was a gift for Christmas for a relative and the price was just right. These are very very pretty freshwater pearls and goodly size pearls as well. It is a very white pearly bracelet with a sturdy gold clasp and shipped in a very nice box. <end>
 B0000AOXLH  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 7.5-8.0mm 14k Yellow Gold Necklace, 18" ||	  Below standards  The pearls themselves seem to be OK but the stringing was pitiful. Thankfully, Amazon has a good return policy. The service is outstanding. <end>
 B0000AOXM8  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.02ctw), 18" ||	  Tiny Tiny Tiny  I bought this item for my wife, I just recieved it now and with great anticipation opened the box only to be shocked by its tiny size. the picture posted by amazon is really really REALLY enlarged. this thing is no bigger then a pair of rice grain stuck together. dissapointed. <end>  Teeny Tiny Pearl  I didn't expect this pearl necklace to be huge, but the size of the pearl is absolutely miniscule. But, for the size, it is a delicate little necklace that you can wear every day. As I was dissappointed with the pearl's size (the picture on Amazon is blown up 100000x), I would recommend it to a pre-teen or teenager. <end>  Lovely Necklace!  I put this item on my wish list and my boyfriend bought it as an anniversary gift. I love this necklace; it's simple enough to go with any outfit, and pretty enough to be noticed. I was not at all disappointed by the size of the pearl-all I had to do was read the product information to know what to expect. This necklace is perfect and exactly what I was hoping for. <end>  Very nice for the price  Beautiful necklace! Pearl has a very nice luster. Was very pleased with this item. <end>
 B0000APUCB  Akoya Cultured Pearl 5.5-6.0mm Bracelet, 7" ||	  Akoya Cultured Pearl 5.5-6.0mm Bracelet, 7"  Very Happy with the product and service that I receive from Amazon. Keep up the good work. <end>
 B0000APUDG  Akoya Cultured Pearl 5-5.5mm Stud Earrings ||	  lovely  I was very satisfied with these earrings. They were just the right size and captured the look I was aiming for. Elegant, demure - not pushy or overstated. They work perfectly as a second (accent) item for each ear. <end>
 B0000APUDI  Akoya Cultured Pearl 7-7.5mm Stud Earrings ||	  What a disappointment  I bought these as a goldbox offering - for ~$70. Akoya pearls are so beautiful and the rich sheen is gorgeous on. IF the pearls I got were Akoyas, they were bottom quality. I pulled out a pair of everyday pearls bought at Costco and the color (blush versus flat ivory) and quality (depth of shine and perfectly round shape) of the pearl was far superior to the Amazon pearls. I have returned them... and are waiting to see if they give me a full refund. Beware, Amazon DID charge me return postage and handling... Usually the Amazon jewelry is great quality and value...but not these.I'd give these a miss if I were you. <end>  Good For The Price  I bought these pearl earrings as an impluse buy (couldn't resist the rock-bottom price) and I'm pretty happy with them. My set were equally sized and similar in color. I did however, expect them to be more lusterous... But with them being under $20, you really can't complain. <end>  Definitely Akoyas!  These are genuine Akoyas and they're beautiful. They have a nice, shiny luster. I ordered 4 pairs at this price to give as gifts for Christmas this year. They're all in the 7 to 7.5 mm range. The color is slightly different from pair to pair (some whiter, some pinker), but the earrings for each set match perfectly. I'm very pleased with this purchase and will buy more sets because they're the perfect, have-on-hand gift for birthdays, too! <end>  Very nice!  The 3 pairs I purchsed were all very nice! I'm very happy! <end>  junk  In good lighting from even a couple feet away there are very obvious visible flaws. The shade of the pearls is pretty. Paid $17 for them, and reviewing them as if they cost $17. They are going in the garbage. I would love to return them... I have managed to lose both the flimsy fasteners in not even ten minutes time. The rod that goes through the ear... whatever that is called is notched, so a decent amount of force sometimes has to be applied to remove the fasteners at which point they go flying. The box they came with is quite nice for $17.I really don't know pearls all that well, but I do understand jewellery. I don't know what they are smoking if they think these are worth $75. I am not at all pleased at $17, and wish I could return them, though I've lost the fasteners. Amazon has quite a nice selection of jewellery, but maybe pearls are one of those things that just must be bought in person. <end>
 B0000APUDV  Sterling Silver Freshwater Cultured Pearl & Square Coin Pearl Bracelet, 7.75" ||	  Actually, just one star  UPDATE  Since getting this bracelet, I've had multiple problems with it. The toggle slips loose easily, so the bracelet is prone to falling off. And the sterling wire linking the pearls is VERY weak - my bracelet has broken several times in different places. I would not recommend this bracelet to anyone!*******I love coin pearls, and really liked the alternating circle-and-square design of this bracelet. The actual item I received, though, was of slightly inferior quality to the one pictured; the square pearls are more irregular in shape and have lumps and projections at the sides and corners. In addition, the 7.75" length (as opposed to a standard 7") makes the bracelet a little too big for average wrists - I had to have a pearl removed from mine to make it fit properly. Overall, the round and square pearls are matched well for color, and the design is striking, but it would be a better value if offered in different sizes and included better-quality square pearls. <end>
 B0000APUDX  Freshwater Cultured Pearl Drop Bracelet on Sterling Silver Link Chain, 7.5" ||	  Very disappointed!  I loved the bracelet until the pearl fell off! I had my husband put the pearl back on and again it fell off and this time I was in Arizona on vacation and never did find the pearl! I would not and will not buy nor recommend this product to anyone with the lack of quality I experienced with this purchase! <end>  Freshwater Pearl Drop Bracelet  I bought two of these for graduation gifts. They are beautiful. Both nieces loved them. Very stylish for casual as well as dress wear. <end>
 B0000AS4OM  14k Yellow Gold Fancy Enamel Anklet, 9.5" ||	  Great Anklet  I was shopping for a gold anklet and found this one. It was at a nice price with free shipping. It is a simple design and goes with everything. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Fancy Enamel Anklet  I have been looking for a l4k anklet for a while. When I saw this one in your jewelry section I knew this was the one I was looking for. It is really beautiful and looks great on my ankle. I have never seen an anklet like this and wear it all the time. The quality is exceptional and the price is reasonable. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a l4k anklet. <end>
 B0000AS4PY  14k Yellow Gold Italian Anklet w/ Key Charm, 9.5" ||	  Get it!!!!  This anklet is an eye catcher, its not too big or too oversimplify but its just right. Very durable, compare to the 18k sterling this is way better my girl friend had it for about a year and it just broke recently if you accidentally force it when its hooked on clothing. It so worth the money. <end>  Beautiful Anklet  14k Yellow Gold Italian Anklet w/ Key Charm, 9.5"WOW!!! What can I say. The picture really doesn't do this anklet justice. It is very well made. It is gorgeous, looks expensive. The price is unbelievable compared to the ones I had looked at in department stores. My daughter will love this. I would recommend this to anyone.Amazon is awesome !!!! I have never been disappointed with anything I have bought from them. The delivery time was only 2 days. I loved the whole experience. <end>
 B0000AS4QP  14k Yellow Gold 1.5mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 20" ||	  Great Quality  I was very hesitant to purchase jewelry online. Previously I had only purchased jewelry in a store. But I really wanted this type of necklace and could not budget the $300.00 quote from a local jewelry store. So I took a risk and bought this necklace from Amazon. I wear it almost everyday with a pendant. It's beautiful and very good quality. I rarely take it off and even sleep with it on. It's very durable but yet elegant. And the price is fabulous too. <end>  necklace  I received a diamond pendent for my birthday and knew I would lose it if I didn't replace the very thin chain it came on...I lost the last one that way. Bought this one and it's worked great. Like the longer length. <end>  Just what I expected  I'm very pleased with this necklace - it's just the right size and length for my 14K gold charm. The lobster clasp works great. <end>  Great Chain!  The gold chain was exactly as advertised. It is the perfect length and diameter for the pendant I have. It arrived promptly. I would buy from this company again. <end>
 B0000AS4RC  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 18" ||	  Great Buy!  I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my mother and I know she is going to love it as much as I do.. if I don't keep it for myself! I was not a big fan of the rope chain but WOW - what a difference the diamond-cut makes. It sparkles and shines like a...I was about to say diamond ;) This necklace just feels right, it's not flimsy at all. It can be a gamble getting jewelry items sight unseen, but I could not have been happier with this necklace. Beautiful! <end>
 B0000AS4U3  14k Yellow Gold .85mm Italian Box Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Beautifully delicate  I received this chain as a gift and I love it. It is very thin and delicate, and the box chain is very fluid and does not kink up or crimp like a serpentine link would. Also, the boxes reflect light in small sectioned bursts rather than having one long continuous glare like other chains. It is eye-catching without being gaudy. Much to my relief, I am able to wear it continuously and I haven't had any problem with the chain or its clasp tangling up in my long hair. I don't wear much jewelry, but this chain is non-fussy so I can wear it every day, and I can add a pendant if I want to dress it up. <end>  Great deal compared to mall prices  I did some research before buying this box chain necklace from Amazon, and this was by far the best deal. And Amazon must have realized it was too good a deal because two days after my order I noticed that the price had gone from $45 to $60! I checked in three mall stores and a comparable necklace there ranged from $90-$149. The only problem now is that I want to buy some more pendants to go with the necklace! <end>  Still waiting  I'm still waiting to receive the item which was ordered over a month ago. <end>
 B0000AS4V2  14k Yellow Gold 1mm Round Snake Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Good price  This necklace is smooth and sleek, comfortable to wear. It, however is not shiny. A good value for the price <end>
 B0000AS4W3  14k Yellow Gold .9mm Italian Octagonal Snake Chain Necklace, 16" ||	  Very Happy  I received my chain necklace today and upon opening the pouch I was quite pleased with it's appearance. I purchased this as a replacement chain for my 14k gold cross, which I had broken a few days ago. The picture on the website really doesn't do it justice-it's very pretty with a nice polished sheen. It's a simple, classic style that goes beautifully with my cross, and I ispected the stamp that appears on both sides of the lobster clasp hooks and it does have 14k. I don't know what the other customer got, but I definately got what I ordered. She should have known better than to throw away her paperwork! Alas, live and learn. Any problems (rare) I have with something I order from Amazon, they have been quick to take care of the situation!I've been very happy with the items I've ordered from Amazon and plan on ordering more in the future. <end>  Not Happy  The chain came broken but besides that, it doesn't look good and it is inflexible so it's hard to wear any charm on it. Thanks to Amazon they had no problem refunding my money, very happy with Amazon service. <end>  Just what I wanted  I bought three of these for three granddaughters. I think they'll like it, especially with the charm I bought for them.I am very pleased. <end>  Excellent  I bought this chain and put a gold italian horn on it. It looks great. <end>  Disappointing  This was one of my &quot;Gold Box&quot; items. After reading the specs, I ordered and received it. Until yesterday, I'd only worn it twice, but since it was the length I ordered and appeared fine, I threw away my paperwork. I wore it for the third time yesterday, and a friend commented on the blue &amp; green ring on my neck. When I got home, I searched for the &quot;14K&quot; stamp, and couldn't find one. Caveat emptor. Check your merchandise catrefully. I'll stick to QVC for my jewlry purchases in thefuture, and won't be buying any jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000AS4WM  14k White Gold .9mm Italian Octagonal Snake Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Perfect.  Love this chain. It's simple in design and can be put with anything. It travels well and it is a permanent part of my "to be packed" jewelry bag. <end>
 B0000AS4X7  14k White Gold 1.4mm Italian Octagonal Snake Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Simply Beautiful  The necklace is of excellent quality, weight &amp; impressively packaged for the price offered. I purchased a very similar item at Zales for nearly 3x the price offered here (which I no doubt returned). I liked it so much that I also ordered a yellow gold one. <end>  Gorgeous chain  I'm very disappointed that this item is no longer available. I received mine on Sunday and I haven't removed it yet. This is a gorgeous snake chain that is so smooth around the neck. The weight is as advertised, or roughly one-third of an ounce. I planned on buying more as gifts!!!! <end>
 B0000AS4XI  14k Yellow Gold 1mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 16" ||	  Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace  This necklace is just perfect and I love wearing it. <end>
 B0000AS4Y7  14k White Gold 1.15mm Italian Mixed Ball Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Well worth the $  I've been looking for this necklace for a long time. The only white gold one I could find was twice the price as this one and half the weight. This chain looks perfect with my pendant and the style doesn't tangle my hair. The gold is pure white and very beautiful - I'm very impressed with the quality and price! <end>  very nice and sparkly  The facets make the chain quite sparkly. I found it perfect for all my pendants, not flimsy but not too heavy, and not twisty like some other type chains. <end>
 B0000AS4YJ  14k White Gold 4.6mm Italian Figaro Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Perfect  I bought this for my boyfriend for our 2 year anniversary and he loves it. It's really beautiful. Nice and Shiny.  ) <end>
 B0000AS4YQ  Men's 14k Yellow Gold 6.8mm Italian Figaro Chain Necklace, 22" ||	  14k Figaro 22" Chain.  Great 14k yellow gold chain. Weight of this chain is approx. 39.1g. Still a great deal. If you consider buying by the gram. Which is about $12-$13USD. Per gram. Approx. 7.2mm wide. The same chain would sale for $600- $700+ in jewelry stores, and in most jewelry websites. Would recommend it 100%. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. <end>  figaro  I am very happy with it. perfit size, not to small not to big very good weight on my wrist. <end>
 B0000AS4YU  14k Yellow Gold 4.6mm Italian Mariner Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Good Solid Chain!  I picked one of these up on sale, and it is well worth it. A weighty chain but not so bulky that it looks gaudy. I wanted something to stand out, but not in your face. This fits the bill well, feels well made, and on sale is a very good value. <end>  Need ruler in item picture or american measurement.  This item is nice, but it should have a ruler in the item picture. I was surprised at how small 4.6 MM and 16 grams is. --- UPDATE! I found out after writing this review that the wrong and much smaller 1 MM item was sent to me. I returned it. <end>  This necklace is ok.  I first thought that this necklace would be a little longer when i first looked at it. I was to hasty ordering it cause my birthday was just around the corner (Jan.5), and I guess it was despratation. Next time I will have to pay more attention to what I order, but i still like it though. <end>
 B0000AS4ZI  Men's 14k Yellow Gold 6.9mm Italian Curb Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Recommended!  This is a beautiful chain, with nice weight, and nicely faceted to catch the light. It is also well constructed. The color is not too &quot;gold&quot;, so it doesn't look like more than 14k. I was looking for a good value, and not something that looked or felt skimpy. This is it! <end>  14K Gold Necklas  This product was very well made. I had to send it back only because my husband decided that he wanted a bracelet instead of necklace. But this necklace was gorgeous. <end>
 B0000AS50X  14k White Gold 1.5mm Italian Rolo Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Nice packaging  The blue pouch, the box and the caring card were really nice. But by the time it arrived, the thin necklace had mostly slided out of the pouch and tangled up a little with the poly-filling of the box. I ordered the 18-inch necklace, but for the one I received, its actual length was 19.5 inches, including the clasp. <end>
 B0000AS511  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Italian Rolo Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Beautiful design, good materials, marginal construction  This is a beautiful necklace unless you're looking at it very closely. The gold has a nice tone and polish on the outside, it's the classic Rolo chain pattern that is neither too funky nor too formal, and the chain has a decent weight that feels real. I bought this as a present for my wife and she is happy with it. My only gripe comes from looking closely at the links. They are nicely polished outside, but the inside of the links is a little rough. That takes away a bit from the overall shine and makes the movement of the chain less fluid than it could be. Amazon's price is pretty low for this kind of chain so I'm not too surprised that the quality is less than 100%. I would have felt more satisfied with the purchase if the manufacturer had gone that little bit further and made sure both the inside and outside of the links were polished and smooth. <end>
 B0000AS514  Men's 14k White Gold 3mm Italian Rolo Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Quality chain for the money  I purchased this chain for my mother as a birthday present. She is quite the jewelry connoisseur, and she was very pleased. I feel the chain was reasonably priced yet still a quality piece. The thickness of the chain gave it enough "oomph" to stand out yet remain understated at the same time. The lobster claw clasp was very secure and seemed well-made. I plan on asking for this same chain for Christmas from my husband! <end>
 B0000AS518  Men's 14k Yellow Gold 3mm Italian Link Chain Necklace, 22" ||	  Thinner than expected but good quality  The chain arrived in a big but elegant box, It seemed very thin when first looking at it, yet once I took it out the box and held the chain it did have good weight to it and was a good size as far as around the neck. This chain does not feel cheap and looks nice in style. I would recommend this product. <end>
 B0000AS519  14k White Gold 3mm Italian Link Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Very good deal  The chain is just as they specify. After doing some checking on eBay, I found that I couldn't touch a chain of this weight, 7.2g unless I was willing to spend almost twice as much! It also came a full size presentation box which was a nice touch. <end>  Chain  This is a very nice chain at a great price, especially compared to everything else I was looking for. I would recommend it if you don't like really big/heavy jewelry. <end>
 B0000AS51E  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Italian SuperFlex Herringbone Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Ribbon of Gold  I received the 14k 20" herringbone necklace in the mail today. It was beautifuuly presented in a velvet pouch in a lovely box. This necklace is an excellent value but it is important to realize that it is only 7.3 oz. of gold consequently is thin. Ladies, I would not sleep in this necklace because of it's thinness. It will kink even though it is flexible. Otherwise, with proper care it should be just fine. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Italian SuperFlex Herringbone Chain Necklace, 20"  MADE IN ITALY.Amazon mangled (badly bent and dented) this necklace when they packed it into the presentation box. There were clips that were supposed to hold the necklace in place and they had been torqued down way too tightly on the necklace causing major crimps in the "ribbon of gold"!! Whoever packed it, destroyed it!!Box was cheap and bottom bowed outwards so that it did not sit flat on a table. Blue velvet looked very worn in spots. One cardboard piece inside the box had fallen off the rusty metal interior. Looked like it had been glued years ago with a hot glue gun that didn't hold. I had to throw out the box and come up with something presentable myself.Necklace is wide, but very, very thin and it gets dented very easily! (see above) Yes, it has a nice, shiny yellow color, but it is very fragile! Maybe that's to be expected when buying jewelry online for a low cost? <end>  Shiny gold attracts attention  This was described as a "ribbon of gold," and that's what it is. My only complaint is that at the 20" length, it sometimes rides up higher on the back of my neck, but I'll figure out how to remedy that. Maybe better posture will help. The presentation was extraordinary. I wondered about the shipping weight for a necklace that weighs a mere 7.3g, but it was delivered inside a huge white satin lined velvet presentation box within a nice cardboard box, both are dark, dark blue. I do not keep this necklace on at all times because although it's substantial for the style, it is delicate. I do not want to crimp the metal, break the clasp ring, or have my hair tangle in the chain while I sleep. I was debating giving this 4 stars, but it really is worthy of 5 when considering the reduced cost of ninety-nine dollars on a gold box offer. <end>  I have not taken it off even for showers for a month now. It looks great!  Very good quality. Beautiful shimmer! I have never taken it off and it still looks new. The "SuperFlex" really is nice and flexable. <end>  Great Value  Arrived super quickly in quality packaging - jeweler's necklace box. Terrific quality for a great value. <end>
 B0000AS52X  14k White Gold 1mm Singapore Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Flimsy and overpriced  This is too flimsy for most adults. I'll probably give it to my young daughter. Recommend at least a 2mm chain. Bottom line  This is way overpriced. <end>  Delicate and beautiful  I bought this necklace on a whim as a Gold Box deal, and I am happy I did! I have a rather delicate white gold pendant for which I needed a chain, and this will do beautifully. It is delicate without being fragile, just what I wanted, and I am very happy with this purchase! <end>  Very little bang for your (beaucoup) buck!  This necklace was disappointing and that is putting it mildly. It is a very, very thin necklace and very delicate.It does measure 18" long, it is white gold as described but it is just too fragile for my tastes. I am returning it. <end>  C. Murphy  I love this chain...it is a very nice lookin' necklace. I added a pendant and it worked very well. <end>
 B0000ATC37  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Pendant, 18" ||	  Elegant and beautiful  The size of this piece makes it out to be subtle and delicate, but that doesn't take away from its beauty. Speedy delivery is nice too. <end>
 B0000ATC4O  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.02ctw) ||	  Nice, but small  I really loved the way it looked when it arrived. The design was beautiful and the quality of the pearl and the diamond were as advertised. But be sure you take a ruler out and actually look at how small this is before you order it. It was kinda a surprise when I opened the box. <end>  Was surprised to see how small it is.  Buyer's pls make a note on the specification of the items.If you have looked at the picture and decided to go for it then you would need to be ready for a surprise.I was not so happy when I opened the box.The necklace is very small when compared to the picture displayed.The pearl pendant is satisfactory and looks good too, but the chain to which it hangs around is very thin and together gives a very cheap look to whole necklace. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  This is a great little necklace at a great price! It is very cute and delicate. I am very happy with this necklace.Thanks so much for offering it. <end>  Waste of money  Product is not worth the money. It is so small you can barely see it. <end>  Pearl/Diamond Disappointment  I was disappointed in this pendant. It is very small. I intended to give it to my adult daughter for Christmas but will be giving it to the teenager next door instead. <end>  looks good but v v v v v v v small  when i first saw on the website it looked big. i was disappointed to see its actual size. it was v v small and tiny pendant. i never expected it to be so small. so dont get carried away by looking at the picture. u need to have a real estimate of the size before u buy. <end>  good price but beware it's very thin/small  It is pretty inexpensive, and it came in as advertised - I guess, except it still suprised me how thin the chain was (my wife likes that actually) and how small the pearl was (which was a turn off). <end>  Best gift without much cost  My wife is very fond of pearls. She liked this gift very much. The other advantage was the beautiful thin chain of gold. <end>
 B0000AWO9D  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWODG  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOFH  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOFW  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOHX  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOLH  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOMC  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOOA  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOP6  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOR5  18k Yellow Gold 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Long Time Wearer  I've been wearing a Comfort Fit Wedding Band for over ten years and would never have any other kind. I have to be able to remove the band regularly and it slides on and off easily - but is still securely on when worn. If you're not a "ring fan" but want to wear a wedding band - this is the one for you. <end>
 B0000AWP6B  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPDR  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPG1  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPGS  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPN5  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPNP  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPSZ  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWPWY  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWQUR  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQXO  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR34  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR4F  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR8H  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  Great  Wife loved it. Fit perfectly on her finger and loves the comfort fit so much she hardly knows it is there. A good priced ring and a great ring to have if you do rigorous work with your hands so she says. <end>  Platinum Wedding Band  Super quality for the price. Fits well and shines. Good weight and will never yellow like white gold does. <end>  The perfect platinum band!  My husband bought this band for me for our anniversary and I love it! It was exactly what I wanted...something that I could wear all the time, even while at the gym, traveling, washing dishes, in the yard, etc. The band is the perfect width (2.5mm) and very comfortable. Despite the heavy weight of platinum I forget that I'm even wearing this ring. The comfort fit is awesome-it's super comfy and the slightly rounded edge is very pretty. The inside engraving reads "PLAT 950", nothing else. You won't be disappointed with this ring, especially for the price. (Our local jeweler couldn't find one for less than $800.) <end>
 B0000AWRBD  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  Great  Wife loved it. Fit perfectly on her finger and loves the comfort fit so much she hardly knows it is there. A good priced ring and a great ring to have if you do rigorous work with your hands so she says. <end>  Platinum Wedding Band  Super quality for the price. Fits well and shines. Good weight and will never yellow like white gold does. <end>  The perfect platinum band!  My husband bought this band for me for our anniversary and I love it! It was exactly what I wanted...something that I could wear all the time, even while at the gym, traveling, washing dishes, in the yard, etc. The band is the perfect width (2.5mm) and very comfortable. Despite the heavy weight of platinum I forget that I'm even wearing this ring. The comfort fit is awesome-it's super comfy and the slightly rounded edge is very pretty. The inside engraving reads "PLAT 950", nothing else. You won't be disappointed with this ring, especially for the price. (Our local jeweler couldn't find one for less than $800.) <end>
 B0000AWRC0  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  Great  Wife loved it. Fit perfectly on her finger and loves the comfort fit so much she hardly knows it is there. A good priced ring and a great ring to have if you do rigorous work with your hands so she says. <end>  Platinum Wedding Band  Super quality for the price. Fits well and shines. Good weight and will never yellow like white gold does. <end>  The perfect platinum band!  My husband bought this band for me for our anniversary and I love it! It was exactly what I wanted...something that I could wear all the time, even while at the gym, traveling, washing dishes, in the yard, etc. The band is the perfect width (2.5mm) and very comfortable. Despite the heavy weight of platinum I forget that I'm even wearing this ring. The comfort fit is awesome-it's super comfy and the slightly rounded edge is very pretty. The inside engraving reads "PLAT 950", nothing else. You won't be disappointed with this ring, especially for the price. (Our local jeweler couldn't find one for less than $800.) <end>
 B0000AWRDA  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  Great  Wife loved it. Fit perfectly on her finger and loves the comfort fit so much she hardly knows it is there. A good priced ring and a great ring to have if you do rigorous work with your hands so she says. <end>  Platinum Wedding Band  Super quality for the price. Fits well and shines. Good weight and will never yellow like white gold does. <end>  The perfect platinum band!  My husband bought this band for me for our anniversary and I love it! It was exactly what I wanted...something that I could wear all the time, even while at the gym, traveling, washing dishes, in the yard, etc. The band is the perfect width (2.5mm) and very comfortable. Despite the heavy weight of platinum I forget that I'm even wearing this ring. The comfort fit is awesome-it's super comfy and the slightly rounded edge is very pretty. The inside engraving reads "PLAT 950", nothing else. You won't be disappointed with this ring, especially for the price. (Our local jeweler couldn't find one for less than $800.) <end>
 B0000AWRDU  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  Great  Wife loved it. Fit perfectly on her finger and loves the comfort fit so much she hardly knows it is there. A good priced ring and a great ring to have if you do rigorous work with your hands so she says. <end>  Platinum Wedding Band  Super quality for the price. Fits well and shines. Good weight and will never yellow like white gold does. <end>  The perfect platinum band!  My husband bought this band for me for our anniversary and I love it! It was exactly what I wanted...something that I could wear all the time, even while at the gym, traveling, washing dishes, in the yard, etc. The band is the perfect width (2.5mm) and very comfortable. Despite the heavy weight of platinum I forget that I'm even wearing this ring. The comfort fit is awesome-it's super comfy and the slightly rounded edge is very pretty. The inside engraving reads "PLAT 950", nothing else. You won't be disappointed with this ring, especially for the price. (Our local jeweler couldn't find one for less than $800.) <end>
 B0000AWREK  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Wonderful buy!  We were a bit worried about buying a platinum band over the internet, but it turned out great. We got just what we wanted, a 95% platinum band, with comfort fit at 1/3 of the mall store prices! <end>  can't go wrong with this for the LADIES!!!!!!!!!!  This is the PERFECT RING, especially if your girl is the "simple type"...better yet...It's more than enough if she is...so give her what she deserves...mine loved it...and it looks great, and feels great. PLATINUM... <end>
 B0000AWRL3  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRMP  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRNY  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWROG  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRQ3  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRSJ  Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Great quality  Ordered the ring on 1/23 and received it on 1/25. The quality is Platnum 950 and the fit is perfect. Retailers want $1K for this ring...Amazon put it on my finger for $503. You can't go wrong with this purchase. <end>  Excellent value for an expensive ring  I wanted a band to match my engagement band and this was the best value for the money..After looking at other sites, Amazon had the Platinum 5mm comfort fit band that I really wanted at such a great price that I took a chance. It came in two days and was exactly the ring I wanted. I know I got a great deal (maybe because I wear such a small size helped) and am very pleased with the ring. Truly for the price of platinum and getting a solid and heavy band Amazon is the way to go.Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Band <end>  Very Nice!  This ring is very beautiful! I had doubt before i ordered it, but one i saw the real thing, i was so impressed by the quality of it. Great price and perfect quality! can't ask for me. <end>
 B0000AWRTX  Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Great quality  Ordered the ring on 1/23 and received it on 1/25. The quality is Platnum 950 and the fit is perfect. Retailers want $1K for this ring...Amazon put it on my finger for $503. You can't go wrong with this purchase. <end>  Excellent value for an expensive ring  I wanted a band to match my engagement band and this was the best value for the money..After looking at other sites, Amazon had the Platinum 5mm comfort fit band that I really wanted at such a great price that I took a chance. It came in two days and was exactly the ring I wanted. I know I got a great deal (maybe because I wear such a small size helped) and am very pleased with the ring. Truly for the price of platinum and getting a solid and heavy band Amazon is the way to go.Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Band <end>  Very Nice!  This ring is very beautiful! I had doubt before i ordered it, but one i saw the real thing, i was so impressed by the quality of it. Great price and perfect quality! can't ask for me. <end>
 B0000AWRZ5  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Beautiful  Its a bit risky to order jewelry online, but Amazon has well earned my trust. I have bought two platinum rings and they are both beautiful. This ring is flawlessly crafted from 95% platinum and it is packaged in a deep blue velvet case. The comfort fit and the ring size are identical to the retail jewelery store items that I tried and the price is only half what they were charging. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Platinum without costing you all your Gold  The cheapest price I could find, after talking to several stores (big and small) was $2000.I was incredibly skeptical to purchase a ring over the internet. Especially the main ring. But it was awesome. It even had a return policy package set up as soon as you opened the box.I didn't have any special needs for this ring. I just needed a band. If I ever need a band, I'll go Amazon again. I recommend this to all my friends and family. <end>  Nice Band  He loves how hefty it is (takes it off and shows it to people - feel that? Doesn't it have some heft to it?!) He would prefer it to be a little less round, but finds it comfortable. Would definitely recommend it.  0) <end>  Great price for a wedding band  I had mixed feeling about ordering a wedding band for my upcoming wedding online and especially Amazon.I just opened the box and it was exactly like everyone I had looked at in my local high-end jewelry stores. I know that platinum is currently very expensive, but they wanted 2-3 times more than what I paid for this.I immediately took it to my local jewelry store and the confirmed that it was platinum. If you want a simple platinum band, this is a great deal. <end>  Beautifully crafted ring  The ring came in a nice blue Amazon box. I bought it for my fiance. He was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this ring. I highly recommend it for others who are searching for a plain platinum comfort fit wedding band. The price was the lowest I could find online. <end>
 B0000AWRZV  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Beautiful  Its a bit risky to order jewelry online, but Amazon has well earned my trust. I have bought two platinum rings and they are both beautiful. This ring is flawlessly crafted from 95% platinum and it is packaged in a deep blue velvet case. The comfort fit and the ring size are identical to the retail jewelery store items that I tried and the price is only half what they were charging. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Platinum without costing you all your Gold  The cheapest price I could find, after talking to several stores (big and small) was $2000.I was incredibly skeptical to purchase a ring over the internet. Especially the main ring. But it was awesome. It even had a return policy package set up as soon as you opened the box.I didn't have any special needs for this ring. I just needed a band. If I ever need a band, I'll go Amazon again. I recommend this to all my friends and family. <end>  Nice Band  He loves how hefty it is (takes it off and shows it to people - feel that? Doesn't it have some heft to it?!) He would prefer it to be a little less round, but finds it comfortable. Would definitely recommend it.  0) <end>  Great price for a wedding band  I had mixed feeling about ordering a wedding band for my upcoming wedding online and especially Amazon.I just opened the box and it was exactly like everyone I had looked at in my local high-end jewelry stores. I know that platinum is currently very expensive, but they wanted 2-3 times more than what I paid for this.I immediately took it to my local jewelry store and the confirmed that it was platinum. If you want a simple platinum band, this is a great deal. <end>  Beautifully crafted ring  The ring came in a nice blue Amazon box. I bought it for my fiance. He was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this ring. I highly recommend it for others who are searching for a plain platinum comfort fit wedding band. The price was the lowest I could find online. <end>
 B0000AWS1E  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  great band  This wedding band was identical to one I purchased on Blue Nile, but it was $100 less, even with the Blue Nile ring sizer discount. The band looks good and has a decent quality and craftsmanship.(2yr. update 2/27/09  I still have the ring. Yes, I'm still happily married! I rarely take off the ring, so it is scratched and scuffed a bit.I got my first scratch after a week or so and the original shine dulled after a several months (the ring was originally shiny like the picture and still is shiny when I take the ring off an look at the inside). But understand I wore the ring all the time - in the shower, making dinner, mowing the lawn, doing home remodeling jobs, etc.I still feel this was a great buy and I can get the ring repolished anytime but there no reason to do so.) <end>  Great 6mm Plat Band  We looked all over for a man's wedding band in 14K, 18K and platinum . . .and found this plat one to be the best quality and the cheapest . . .All the local dealers quoted us $1100-1300 for the equivalent platinum band . . so this Amazon band was a no brainer! <end>  Excellent Value  Just got mine. I looked all over the place for platinum bands in a size 8. In my family hometown, we had jewelers tell us that the cost would be $1500. In downtown chicago, the prices got better, where they were quoting $800 for the same band but it was here for $600. I ordered it on Saturday and got it on Tuesday, the shipping was free and fast! It looks amazing and is marked PLAT inside. I could not recommend this ring more. If you're a person who prefers to save money, than pay hundreds of dollars more just to say you got the exact same thing at a certain store, then this deal is for you.Please note that you should refer to other expert amazon.com reviews that mention when choosing comfort fit, you should choose a size 1/4 to 1/2 less than your normal ring size. I'm glad I did and it avoided any issues with the size. <end>  Came just as expected  Got this for my wedding, it came on time, and just as advertised. It's a nice plain band, and the comfort fit feels great! <end>
 B0000AWS2R  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  great band  This wedding band was identical to one I purchased on Blue Nile, but it was $100 less, even with the Blue Nile ring sizer discount. The band looks good and has a decent quality and craftsmanship.(2yr. update 2/27/09  I still have the ring. Yes, I'm still happily married! I rarely take off the ring, so it is scratched and scuffed a bit.I got my first scratch after a week or so and the original shine dulled after a several months (the ring was originally shiny like the picture and still is shiny when I take the ring off an look at the inside). But understand I wore the ring all the time - in the shower, making dinner, mowing the lawn, doing home remodeling jobs, etc.I still feel this was a great buy and I can get the ring repolished anytime but there no reason to do so.) <end>  Great 6mm Plat Band  We looked all over for a man's wedding band in 14K, 18K and platinum . . .and found this plat one to be the best quality and the cheapest . . .All the local dealers quoted us $1100-1300 for the equivalent platinum band . . so this Amazon band was a no brainer! <end>  Excellent Value  Just got mine. I looked all over the place for platinum bands in a size 8. In my family hometown, we had jewelers tell us that the cost would be $1500. In downtown chicago, the prices got better, where they were quoting $800 for the same band but it was here for $600. I ordered it on Saturday and got it on Tuesday, the shipping was free and fast! It looks amazing and is marked PLAT inside. I could not recommend this ring more. If you're a person who prefers to save money, than pay hundreds of dollars more just to say you got the exact same thing at a certain store, then this deal is for you.Please note that you should refer to other expert amazon.com reviews that mention when choosing comfort fit, you should choose a size 1/4 to 1/2 less than your normal ring size. I'm glad I did and it avoided any issues with the size. <end>  Came just as expected  Got this for my wedding, it came on time, and just as advertised. It's a nice plain band, and the comfort fit feels great! <end>
 B0000AWT00  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Excellent quality and value  I've had my ring for well over a year now, and it still polishes up just as pretty as the day I got it. My hands are on the small side for a guy, and I don't like klunky jewelry anyway, so the 5mm is perfect. Like a previous reviewer, I had sized as a 9, but that was too loose, so returned for an 8.5. Return process was painless. I really like this ring, enjoy the weight of it, and expect it to last the rest of my life. <end>  Better than Expected  The ring arrived and it was even better than I expected. The price was extremely reasonable (under $700), the milgrain design was elegant and it was a nice, heavy weight. Size was as described. <end>  Ring sizing  I really liked the ring. However, it was a little too big. I was sized at a jewelry store and a 9 fit great. This one slipped off my hand too easily, so I opted for the 8.5. It was still a great bargin though. The jewelry store had a similar milgrain platinum 5mm ring for $1800. I can't say how comparable it was, but the price difference was enough to get me to buy online.Amazon's return policy was great and I was refunded quickly. <end>
 B0000AWT1A  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  This is the genuine item  This item is real, genuine platinum. It is marked Platinum 950, so do not be afraid to purchase this item even though it is much cheaper than at other jewelry stores or websites. A great value, and an even greater keepsake symbol for your wedding. I highly recommend this ring. <end>
 B0000AWT24  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  This is the genuine item  This item is real, genuine platinum. It is marked Platinum 950, so do not be afraid to purchase this item even though it is much cheaper than at other jewelry stores or websites. A great value, and an even greater keepsake symbol for your wedding. I highly recommend this ring. <end>
 B0000AWT3A  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  This is the genuine item  This item is real, genuine platinum. It is marked Platinum 950, so do not be afraid to purchase this item even though it is much cheaper than at other jewelry stores or websites. A great value, and an even greater keepsake symbol for your wedding. I highly recommend this ring. <end>
 B0000AWT3Q  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  This is the genuine item  This item is real, genuine platinum. It is marked Platinum 950, so do not be afraid to purchase this item even though it is much cheaper than at other jewelry stores or websites. A great value, and an even greater keepsake symbol for your wedding. I highly recommend this ring. <end>
 B0000AWT9A  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  You Won't Find A Better Value  This ring is so beautiful. It's very well-crafted and you get an amazing price for such a great piece of jewelry. I shopped around all over, both online and in stores and found that Amazon.com offered the greatest savings on platinum bands.One word of caution... these rings are comfort fit, so you may have to order a half-size smaller than your normal ring size. I had to return the first ring I got and go for the smaller size, and it fit perfectly! The return was very easy and completely painless.It's easy to be afraid of purchasing an item like his via the internet, but trust me, this ring is completely worth the risk. You'll find similar rings for double the price or more elsewhere, and should you order the wrong size, there's no hassle with the return whatsoever. <end>  Style, Comfort and Price  This will be a life long item which I was able to obtain at an extremely reasonable price. This ring is very stylish and of excellent craftsmanship. I highly recommend this item. The only semi-negative is that the platinum material scratches easily. Although, I just think it gives it more character. Great item! <end>  Beautiful Platinum band!  This ring is absolutely beautiful and an exceptionally great price for a 6mm Platinum ring in size 8. I went to all the retail stores and searched the internet for the best price and Amazon was by far the cheapest for a size 8. I did find another website that sold a size 8.5 which was less expensive than Amazon. I originally bought a size 8.5 from the other website, but returned it since it was too big and then decided to buy from Amazon since the size 8 was cheaper than the other website. The only difference between this ring and the ones sold at the retail stores is that the milgrain edge is thinner/smaller, but other than that it is identical to the more expensive rings sold at the retail stores. I highly recommend anyone looking for a platinum milgrain ring to buy from Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWTF1  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTFE  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTI1  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTM6  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AWTP1  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AWTPR  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AWTV2  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000AWU3P  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000AWU5J  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>
 B0000AWUNA  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Affordable replacement wedding ring.  After losing my wedding ring this past spring I had wondered how to go about replacing it without having to take out a loan.The ring I got from Amazon fit the bill. For considerably less than I had been quoted at a regular store in our nearest city, I have a replacement that I am proud to have on my finger.The ring arrived well packed and on time. Do not hesitate if you need a budget wedding band this will not disappoint. <end>  Just what I was looking for.....  I needed a plain gold band for when I travelled to areas that my wedding set was inappropriate to wear! This band was perfect and exactly up to the standards I would expect from Amazon. <end>  B-E-A-Utifull  I for one, really love this ring. I'm glad it was able to ship way out here over seas in Japan. It's real shiny and sweet, but if you're not real carefull you tend to scratch it up pretty well. But still, it stays in a wonderful state. I just recommend you take it off before you do any kind of serious work or maintanence of course. Because it will get scratched up....but what jewelry doesn't?!?? ^_^I'm telling friends about it and I'm telling you, for the style, money and look of it you won't be dissapointed. <end>  Nice ring.  I gave this ring 5 stars because it is, in fact, a ring. And I'm still married after five years, so, ya know, that's great, too. <end>
 B0000AWUOC  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWUPS  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWUSB  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWUWJ  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWUWX  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWV6X  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWV8T  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVAH  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVC6  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVCI  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVDO  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVFS  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVG5  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVI1  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVIW  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVKM  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVLX  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVQ4  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVQZ  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVRP  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVYI  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000AWVZ6  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000AWVZO  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000AWW1E  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW1W  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW43  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW6Z  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW7C  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWWQM  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWWY7  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWWYV  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWX29  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWX5X  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWX9Q  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWXD2  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AWXLD  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AWXP6  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>
 B0000AWXSH  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWXXK  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWXYD  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY31  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY4Z  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY7M  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWY86  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWYBN  14k White Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Great Value  I received this ring quickly and it was just as I expected. It is a great value and nice looking ring. I shopped around at jewelry stores for similar rings, but this is definitely a better value. 14K gold for the price of a 10K ring in jewelry stores. I ordered a larger size than necessary because of other reviews although I am not sure that was necessary because I am now paying to have it down-sized. <end>  very nice  This is a very beautiful ring, very nice for the price. However, it does run small, so I would recommend buying a size larger than you normally would. <end>  not quite  I received the ring in only 2 short days ... fantastic. However the ring was advertised as 6mm, and falls a full .5mm shy of the 6mm band I'm currently wearing. <end>  Beautiful Wedding Band  It was worth the wait. When I received this package I could not believe how beautiful the wedding band was. It was much better than many of the other bands I've been shopping for in my area. I would recommend purchasing wedding bands from Amazon.Not only that, paying was easy and I give an A++ for shipping. Very fast! <end>  Great ring!  My fiance and I just ordered these rings for our upcoming wedding, and we are so happy with them. The rings are beautiful, exactly what you would find in a jewelry store for a fraction of the price. (Trust me--we have been to the jewelry stores and know that this is a fraction of the price.) After getting both our wedding bands and my engagement ring from Amazon, I am ready to recommend their jewelry to anyone who asks. We were able to get rings that would have been out of our price range had we been forced to shop at jewelry stores.I didn't get out my measuring tape to make sure that they were exactly 6 mm, but the important thing is that the rings match each other. I can understand that that would be a disappointment if one was trying to make it match a ring one already owns. The person who said the ring was a little small is correct--be careful with the sizing, because my engagement ring, when I had it sized, is supposedly a 6.5 and on the first try, the wedding band I got in 6.5 was a little tight and I had to go up to a size 7. Fortunately, with Amazon, returns are easy and you only have to pay shipping, which is much cheaper than paying the $20 I had to pay to have my engagement ring sized down.For those with concerns about buying wedding bands or an engagement ring from Amazon, fear not; no one can tell the difference between these rings and ones from a jewelry store. The people I've let in on my "little secret" are amazed and say they never would have guessed that our rings all came from online.Everyone should start purchasing their rings from Amazon--the quality is great and the price is unbelievable. My fiance and I couldn't be happier. <end>  A little small...  The ring is beautiful, but the size is a little small. I was sized at more than one local jeweller as a 9, but the ring was much too small. <end>  Overall Nice Band  The shipping was very quick. The band was pretty nice for the price, however when I compared this with a 6mm band from a jewelry store it was not quite as thick. But overall it is a nice band. <end>  Other Reviews Correct  I read all the reviews before ordering this ring along with the 14k white gold 4mm size 6. A lot of other reviewers said that this ring ran small. My soon to be husband and I decided to go ahead and order it large and then just have it sized if it didn't fit. Well, it didn't fit. When we took it to a jeweler it was about a 1/4 of a size smaller than listed. But it looks great, and is very shiny. We had it sized and have no other complaints. <end>  Very nice!!!  Just got married and wanted something that was a little on the thick side... I was under the impression that the ring was going to be smaller based on customer reviews but I figure I would go for it and see for my self. The ring is perfect, very simple, looks very nice and it is just what I expected. <end>  wonderful product  lovely item. but i followed the other customer reviews and ordered a half size up because they said it was sized smaller... well, it was too big.so i ended up sending it back to get my normal size.the quality looks wonderful. <end>  Very nice.  My husband loves this ring. He says it's very comfortable. The sizing isn't to accurate though. It was off by I think 1/4 which was just enough for the ring not to fit. We had it sized rather than return it. This was the second time I had to buy the ring. The first time they sent me a size 12! I had to return it & buy another ring & wait for my money to be refunded. VERY frustrating. I didn't want to have to do the return/buy thing again, that why we just went & had it sized. I figured it would be easier that way. Besides, what if they sent the wrong size yet again? BUT, it is an attractive ring. My husband wears it every day & never takes it off, unlike his old ring. The end result was what we wanted despite the initial headaches. If if wasn't for all the sizing issues I would have given it 5 stars. <end>  Looks great and is worth the money  The ring looks good and is definitely worth the money. The ring is not that comfortable but you get used to it. It is slightly thinner than 6mm but hardly noticeable. It looks great though! You wont find anything better for the price. A good buy. <end>  just as advertised  The ring is quite nice. The real thing looks just like the picture. The size was very slightly small, but close enough. <end>
 B0000AWYWN  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWYYN  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWYZS  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ3H  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ53  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ73  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZBT  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZJ4  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZND  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZOV  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZS5  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZU4  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZV4  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AX041  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX054  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX05O  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX096  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX0B7  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AX0CC  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AX0J7  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AX0L4  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AYMIZ  14k Yellow Gold Wire and Leaf Earrings ||	  Delicate and lovely  I purchased these for myself. Delicate and light as air, these beautifully made earrings get many compliments. <end>
 B0000AYMN0  14k Yellow Gold Cascading Circles Earrings ||	  Nice gift  This were an excellent choice as a casual gift for my wife. They look wonderful. <end>
 B0000AYOI2  14k White Gold Checkerboard Faceted Aquamarine (6x6mm) and Diamond Ring, Size 5 ||	  this ring is stunning! so says one person  I was looking to replace a blue topaz Cartier Tank ring knockoff that I had gotten at Costco for about 150, and recently lost. At the time I bought that ring, I had actually wanted an aquamarine stone, but such is the shopping experience at Costco  no variety. I was sad to lose the ring, but when the opportunity came up to seek a replacement, I thought I'd try online at Amazon. This time, I was going to do it right and get the gemstone I really wanted.Initially I was disappointed that, for this ring, the 2 pictures that were provided by Amazon only showed the top of the ring at an angle. The second photo was a true profile, which was great, but not nearly enough to cut the mustard. There should definitely be at least one true aerial view of the ring to get a sense of what it looks like when you are staring straight down at it. And because jewelry shopping is a very tactile and look-and-feel kind of experience, online jewelry shopping is conceptually at a severe disadvantage. To make up for this, there should be no fewer than 4 pictures of any piece of jewelry that is sold online - this would make it much easier for customers to make a decision, and likely minimize the number of returns. Regardless, I worked with what I had, and I made the decision that it looked great on Amazon, and that I would buy it.When I received the ring, I was very pleased with how classy and beautiful it looked in the box. I was really surprised at how engagement ring-ish it appeared, because the hue of the stone was so subtle that it could almost appear clear at some angles. In the pictures, it looks like a much deeper blue. (Luckily, I wear it on my middle finger, so as not to give off any incorrect signals.) The picture also makes the metal look much heavier and more substantial than it really ended up being. The top half is more or less hollow - and it's hard to tell that from the picture (though, if Amazon indicated metal weight in grams, the customer might be able to at least guess. Sigh.) I'm not saying that the ring is weak or malleable, by any means. The metal is quite strong - it's just significantly lighter than I expected. The fake Cartier Tank ring that this was replacing was very bold and robust and it felt heavy and solid, qualities that I really liked and had hoped to recapture a bit of with this new ring. In general, this aquamarine ring is much daintier than I had expected from the images shown, and not at all the solid, strong piece I had gone in looking for.Though expectations were different from reality, fortunately, for me, I actually don't mind the differences and I quite like the ring. This may not be true for every customer, so it's safe to say that a recommendation from me should be taken with a huge grain of salt! I can see how every piece of jewelry could conceivably get a positive recommendation from at least one person, and we know that we've all seen ugly jewelry before, so who is to say you won't find this ring to be hideous? For me and my specific hand, the ring is a perfect size, perfect color, and perfect style. And I really owe it all to luck, make no mistake. It easily could have gone the other way.The most important point to take away from this review is to be sure that whichever merchant you buy from has an excellent return policy (which Amazon does). When making expensive purchases like jewelry, sight unseen, it's important to know that you can easily return the item. Only if you are my "hand-twin" can I unequivocally and in good conscience recommend this ring to you. Otherwise, all we can do is hope for the best. <end>
 B0000AYOPJ  14k Yellow Gold Floating Blue Topaz (8x8mm) and Diamond Ring, Size 5 ||	  Incredible  This is one of the most beautiful pieces of jewelry I own. The stone if perfect and the setting different than most you see now, which only makes it better! I get more compliments on this than on any of the jewelry I have gotten from Jareds! <end>
 B0000AZ0Y8  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Round-Shaped Gemstone Studs ||	  Not expensive, but really small  I bought these earings recently at what seemed to be a great price for them. When I redceived them, I realised why they were so inexpensive. They are &quot;extremely&quot; small. The clarity is fine in the stone, but that can be generally expected in a semi-precious stone. Honestly these earings are better for a small girl who recently pierced her ears. They are just too small for adults. Noone would ever know you had them on. <end>  Too big for me!  These are nice amethyst earrings, nice purple color. However I'm returning them because they're too big for my ears. The basket setting makes them stick out too much. The setting is not very pretty. The gems are set very low into the basket. <end>  PERFECT  GREAT COLOR AND VERY WELL MADE. WHILE SMALL FOR A PRIMARY PIERCE IN THE LOBE THEY ARE THE PERFECT SIZE FOR MY SECOND PIERCE. THIS COMPANY ALSO MAKES BEAUTIFUL 1/2" HOOP EARRINGS SET WITH AMETHYST THAT I'M VERY HAPPY WITH. <end>  Simply "So-So" purple amethyst studs  The most redeeming quality of these earrings is the 14K gold setting that appeared to be quite strong. Even at the sale price of $29.99 less 30%, the value just wasn't there. The stones were much smaller than one might expect. My stones did not have the color and clarity the picture would suggest. They aren't visible enough to accent the purple outfit I was planning to wear with them. I'm afraid they must go back. <end>  Good Quality, But too small  The earring were really pretty, well made, and nicely packaged, and they came quite quickly. I will be returning them, however because they are too tiny to even see on your ears. Perhaps they would work for someone with multiple earrings or a baby. <end>  Very pretty and a good size  These are now a staple in my jewelry box. They are small, which is what I like, and very pretty. You get what your order. <end>  Very please with Amethyst studs  I received the amethyst studs quite soon after ordering and they are a nice deep purple...good quality. i am enjoying them! <end>  Perfect for a little girl  I bought these earrings for my 4 year old niece. They are small for an adult, but perfect for a little girl. <end>  Great color  These earrings are nice quality and the color of the stones is a beautiful purple. The appearance is classic and, while they are quite understated, they really add a nice flash of color. <end>  Very pretty earrings  The earrings arrived in a Jewelery box, so they would make a nice gift. The earrings seem to be well made. The post has a notch to prevent loss of the back. The ameythyst stone is so pretty---I've gotten a number of compliments on these earrings. <end>
 B0000AZ0ZO  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 6mm Round Garnet Stud Earrings ||	  Another bargain!  Very pretty stones, good sized, a strange but very rich red brown color that I've never seen before. A part of a Valentines Day gift. Impossible to think these cost what they did. A very good deal. <end>
 B0000AZ111  14K Yellow Gold Three Prong 7mm Trillion Blue Topaz Stud Pendant, 18" ||	  Simply Beautiful  The photo doesn't do this pendant justice. I wasn't thrilled with the photo, but I decided to order it anyway. I'm so glad I did. This pendant is really beautiful. It is a icy, brillant, very clear, flawless swiss blue topaz. It is quality set, with an open and secure back that allows the light to really reflect off this stone. The chain is fine textured, but strong. It's perfect because is doesn't compete with the stone. It's a light buttery gold. Typically, I don't like blue topaz set in yellow gold, but this is perfect. The size is just right for everyday wear. This pendant presented lovely. It come in a black velvet box that is encased in another black gift box. It would make a great gift. The pendant is a perfect match for the 6mm trillion cut earrings by The Amazon Collection. I got the earrings too. I received my earrings and pendant one day after it was shipped free to me. Thanks Amazon <end>  TRILLION SAYS IT ALL  Gave this beautiful pendant to my daughter (birthstone color) when she graduated high school a few years ago. WHAT a huge hit, and her sister eyed it till she left for college! She wears it with most everything and it is a very nice size. The length of the chain is perfect where it lays on your body. The picture really does NOT show the beauty of the color of the blue. It is like the color of our warm waters here in Florida. TRILLION may be the cut, but it makes her look and feel like a trillion she said! <end>  Blue Topaz pendant  I have not had an occasion to wear this pendant to date, however I am pleased with its appearance and plan to order the matching stud earrings in the near future. Marianne Lewis, West Monroe, La. (USA) <end>
 B0000AZ14W  14k Yellow Gold Channel Set 3.0mm Square Multi-Color Gemstone Ring, Size 7 ||	  Delicate  I ordered this ring and wore it daily for almost two years. The stones cracked, broke, and fell out with regular wear. If you order this piece, treat it with kid gloves, and enjoy it as long as you can. <end>
 B0000AZ1A4  14k White Gold 12x10mm Oval Amethyst w/ Diamond (I-I1 0.02ctw) Band Ring, Size 6 ||	  bueatiful Stone  Bueatiful stone and looks very dark in color. I surely like this white gold setting with all the work and the size of the stone, and the ring itself,Keep the good quality, description was good as well. <end>
 B0000AZFJE  AZ Collection Gold and Silver Plated Oval Cufflinks ||	  Nice looking but smaller than I was expecting  These cufflinks were just a tad smaller than I was expecting. Otherwise they are a fine addition to anyone's cufflink collection. <end>
 B0000AZVYX  Men's 18k Yellow Gold and Stainless Steel Bracelet, 8.25" ||	  A great piece of jewelry  I couldn't believe how nice this piece looked on my husband and he really likes it. <end>
 B0000AZW4L  14k White Gold Plain Cross on 18" White Gold Chain ||	  Simply Beautiful  I received this beautiful cross for Christmas this year. When I opened the gift I could not believe how stunning the cross was! It is very delicate, the chain is very thin and fragile, which I think adds to beauty. The cross is small and very simple but lovely just the same. Sometimes the simple things in life are the best. It seems to not be a problem with scratches and shines beautifully. The photographs on the site does not show the beauty of this cross at all.I am very pleased with this cross and would recommend it to anyone who likes simple yet elegant jewelry. <end>  Total Junk  This product was hollow, which was not clearly specified in the item description. It was not what I was expecting and seemed to be poor quality. I returned the item. <end>  Nice Cross - Bad Chain  This cross is really nice, not big or gawdy but the chain on it is VERY delicate. To the point that I had to replace it with another after about a week. I'm still happy with the purchase, though. <end>
 B0000AZW5N  14k Yellow Gold Delicate Diamond-cut Cross on 18" Yellow Gold Chain ||	  Great product  I bought this for my mom years ago, and still looks as great as the first day. She doesn't take it off. <end>
 B0000AZW6L  14k Yellow and White Gold Ribbed "X" Cross w/ Finished Pattern Back on 18" Yellow Gold Chain ||	  LOVE IT!  My brothers and I had purchased this exact cross at a national chain jewelers for $225 for our mother's birthday. She picked it out and we decided to get it for her from all us kids. We purchased a chain too. The one she bought didn't come with a chain. For some reason while on amazon.com I decided to click on the jewelery icon on the amazon.com website in the upper left corner of the screen. I then typed in white and gold cross in the search area. Low and behold the exact cross that we purchased for $250 (including tax)was listed there. I looked at it. The measurements were the same and it had the same weight as the one we already bought and this one came with a chain. So we still couldn't believe it. I ordered the one from amazon.com. It came today. The 14k stamp was in the same spot, the back pattern was exactly the same. The bail was exactly the same. It's the exact same thing so we returned the other to the mall jewelry store. The chain that came with online was very fragile but at least it came with something. We got a heavier different chain with the excess money and we still have plenty to go out to dinner for Mom's birthday too! Now my mother is all set. She finally has her cross. She loves it and the chain too! <end>
 B0000AZW83  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AZW85  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000B10FY  Sterling Silver Rolo-link Bracelet w/Coin Charms, 7.5" ||	  "charming"!  I love this bracelet. I bought it as a gift for myself. The coin charms are very cute. The bracelet size is good for us ladies who have average-sized wrists. <end>  Wonderful  This is the most gorgeous bracelet of all time. IT makes an excellent bridal shower or baby shower gift. <end>
 B0000B10HQ  Sterling Silver Satin/High Polished Wave Bracelet, 7" ||	  great Deal!!!!  outstanding quality, great value!!!! <end>  Sterling Satin High Poishede Wave Bracelet 7"  This bracelet is just as described. It is a beautiful piece that can be added to in the future. <end>  Wavy Wave  I just received the piece and it is lovely. The only problem is that if it is not worn a certain way, the bracelet will roll. The edges of the pieces are sharp and if you press them against your wrist by holding a book or package, they hurt. I do really like it though... <end>
 B0000B357Y  14k White Gold Satin/Polished Heart Bracelet, 7" ||	  Tiny Heart  I was very disappointed when I received my bracelet. I packaged it up and returned it immediately. From the pictures, I believed that the bracelet was of a substantial size. Instead I found that it looked like it belonged on a baby or a young teen. The hearts were about half the size of a pea. I was disappointed. You might not be. But understand that pictures can be deceiving. <end>
 B0000B358C  14k White Gold Bolero Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  Highly recommend.  This bracelet has a nice weight, beautifully executed. Clasp is very secure and heavy-duty (the manufacturer's tag is a nice touch). It comes very nicely gift boxed (best I've ever received). <end>  Disappointment!  I received the bolero bracelet today and I was disappointed! Its much smaller than illustrated and the metal looks like silver! I can usually tell the difference between platinum, white gold and silver. This looks cheap. <end>
 B0000B35CS  14k Yellow and White Gold Perfect Fit Earrings ||	  Great earrings  I have been looking for a pair of earrings that I could wear for most any occasion and since these are both silver & gold toned golds, they are wonderful! <end>  Beautiful  Beautiful earrings of great quality. Good price-arrived quick, can't say much more about them. <end>  Lovely Two Toned Earrings for Large Earlobes  These earrings are gorgeous. Just the right size and two-toned.However, my earlobes are not real big. Therefore, the earring tends to lean forward, because the earring has more weight.I would give Five Stars, if I they would remain balanced. I must adjust throughout the day. <end>  Perfect fit is a misnomer  pretty, but they fall forward in your ear. I have to take mine to the jeweler to be fixed so that I won't lose them. I an now very suspicious of anything in the "gold box" because of these earrings. They cannot be worn as is. <end>
 B0000B35CY  Duragold 14k Yellow Gold Swirl Hoop Earrings ||	  VERY PLEASED  BEAUTIFUL EARRINGS, PRESENTED NICELY IN THE BLUE BOX. BEST OF ALL I RECEIVED MY ORDER 2 DAYS AFTER I PLACED THE ORDER ON STANDARD SHIPPING. JUST IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS. <end>  Real impressive for the price!  Cannot understand why these earrings are selling for only $19 bucks, seen them in stores for $50 and up.Get them while you can for holiday gifts or yourself. They are more dazzling than photo shows real pretty, shiny and expensive looking, arrive in a very nice blue velvet box, with instructions on gold care. I am ordering more for christmas, might run out quickly at this price! Update  Errrr? after my review the price has been raised to $45?? <end>  Just What I Wanted!  Love these gold hoops. They are perfect for everyday jeans or dressier.They are a little bigger than I thought they would be. After I ordered them I had second thoughts that they might be more for children, but they are a great size for me. I have a small face but these would work for everyone. Nicely packaged in larger suede snapbox inside cardboard box.Very happy with them, especially since I got them at $19 and price has risen to $45 which was unexpected. Thought they were different earrings but they are the same. <end>  Pretty earrings  As usual, when the merchant is Amazon, your product is delivered on time with customer satisfaction being top priority. These pretty earrings came in a nice gift box and came two days earlier than I expected. Thanks. <end>  Great!  Another great pair of earrings - love these for every-day wear. Packing was beutiful too. <end>
 B0000B35DB  Duragold 14k Yellow Gold Hoop Earrings, (1.97" Diameter) ||	  Good Quality  I think Amazon is great I hardly go shopping at a physical store anymore but I dont think Jewelry is one of their Strong points. I returned these earrings because I thought theywere a bit Pricey. I found Similar earrings at a better price at KidsFineJewelry.com which had a huge selection of these hooped earrings. Amazon did take these earrings back with no problem or questions at all which is what I love about the Amazon Experience. <end>  Great Hoop Earrings in the near 2 inch size  I have been looking for an affordable pair of gold hoop earrings in a 2 inch size, and these are all I could ask for in a pair. I got them during a Gold Box sale at an awesome price for the pair. They feel really lightweight on, and fit right in with other jewelry I wear.As others have mentioned, treating them more like eternity hoops works better for the clasps. The only risk of doing it the other way is loosening the grip the post goes into. Very lightweight feeling on, but also very substantial (not as thin as I had expected). These are hollow gold.I definitely recommend them. If you are going for a stylish pop at the office or for going out and about, these earrings are great! It is easy to put them on, take them off, and they feel great on. For the size, again, just not too heavy on the earlobes. <end>  NOT REAL GOLD!  I have worn these for 4 days, and every day my skin is stained green around the area! Real gold does NOT do this to me, I am returning the product ASAP. <end>  Very nice earrings  I ordered these earrings a little over two months ago and I am very happy with them. They are very light weight and they do not pull on your ears. The size is perfect; very "in" right now. You do have to pull on the stem pretty hard to get them off because the clasp is very tight. However, so far, so good. They have not broken and the clasp has not become loose or anything. I even accidentally left them in a pocket once and they were put through the washing machine. They were completely fine afterward. I do wish the earrings had been about $20 less expensive. But, overall I love my earrings! <end>  Perfect Pair!  I have been trying to find the perfect size, quality and weight earrings for months- and I have found them! These hoops are sexy for night time and still professional enough for the office. I could not be more pleased. I wear them all the time and they are GORGEOUS. Worth the money! <end>  Somewhat flimsy  The gold hoop earrings were a nice shiny gold and the shape and size were as described. However, it is very difficult to close the clasp because it is very thin and flimsy.. it feels that if I am not very careful, the loops will bend. Somewhat disappointed in this regard, but not surprised given the price. Also, someone else mentioned in their review that they were difficult to clasp. <end>  I love these!  I am a hoop-earring-wearer and have lots of hoop earrings. I only wear gold, and I must say I was really happy when I opened the pouch these came in and saw how nice the earrings were. I thought they would be flimsier for the price. They are a nice solid earring, just right for big hoops. Lightweight, but they don't twist and bend. They appear to be very good quality. I will be taking good care of these babies.  ) <end>  Great hoops!  These hoops are exactly what I wanted. I've worn a mystery metal pair for years (almost daily) but couldn't find real gold ones that I could afford, or were the larger size. I'm extremely happy with these. <end>  large gold hoops  The hoops are beautiful and as described in the ad. The gold appears to be of good quality. I haven't had any trouble with the earring coming unfastened, but the clasp on one appears mildly loose and flimsy. Overall, I am very pleased with my purchase and I have been wearing them regularly. <end>  nice for the price  I've been shopping around for 2" gold hoops for a while and have been turned off by the high price. I have also wanted to avoid hollow tube type earrings that cut down on the price but also dent very easily and start to look bad. These earrings fit the bill. They are large gold hoops that are study and non dentable. The only negative is that they are thin when you look at them head on, but that's also because they're not hollow tubes. They still have presence though. I like these and they are a great addition to a fashionable woman's jewelry collection. <end>  nice earing but  my husband bought these earing thursday with express shipping, i reveived them friday. Very nice, perfect size, good quality but my only complaint is the closure. i was very upset when 3 days after i already lost one in the street and never find it. <end>  Very Pleased  After having already bought my wife several Christmas gifts, a little bird (sister-in-law) informed me my wife would also love a pair of gold, 2" hoop earrings. My search began. I discovered these on Amazon at a reasonable price and decided to order them for her. I frequently order from Amazon, and, as always, was impressed with the ordering process. The earings came well packaged in a small pouch enclosed in a nice box. The quality was much better than expected, looking like a much more expensive set of earrings. They are very light in weight, with a very sturdy clasp. They look great on my wife and she was very, very pleased with the purchase. <end>  Just perfect!  My husband purchased these for my birthday in December, and I really love them. They are light weight, thin,they stay closed and they are not too big. If you are in the market for a lovely pair of hoop earrings. These are absolutely perfect. <end>  bought it  LOVE THEM WEAR THEM EVERY DAY, WOULD BUY ANOTHER PAIR,GREAT GIFT, PERFECT FOR WORK AND PLAY,GOOF BUY FOR THE PRICE OF GOLD TODAY <end>  Beware the clasp!  I purchased these earrings about 3 years ago. I liked the color of the gold and thought they arrived in good condition. However, I noticed many times that the clasp would come undone such that the earring would fall off. Unfortunately, the last time I didn't catch it and now the earring is lost forever. Beware the sensitive clasp! <end>  Amber Bell  I love my Earrings.. Ordered them last year and have worn them almost everyday since. Perfect size, very thin and light weight, no stress on earlobe... <end>  Unhappy!  Very disappointed upon receiving my order.The color of the earring doesn't match at all.When you order the same item, make sure to check and compare each piece before using.I sent my order back to Amazon. <end>  Great Hoop Earring  These earrings are beautiful and a lot nicer than they look in the picture. They are the classic gold hoop earring, if that is what you are going for and the size is perfect. They are nicely made, however, I can see how some people have had issues with the clasp because they are hollow. It is definitely easier to flex them a bit and slide them into the clasp instead of pushing them in. <end>  Beautiful!  About the closure. I found that there is a little flexibleness in the earring so instead of clicking or snapping the wire into the clasp/closure, I flex the hoop a little and slide the wire into the closure, similar to threading a needle but much easier. So far so good.I've been wearing these now for several months and I love them. They were actually much nicer than I thought they would be. They look great dressed up or down. <end>  BEautiful!  These Earrings are beautiful! My fiance' wanted some big hoop earrings, so i got these for her, i was worried they might not be big enough, but let me tell ya, anything bigger would look weird. She loves them and says she is going to wear them everyday until the days she dies haha! Now i read the other reviews on here saying that the clasps on these earrings are sturdy, they felt pretty flimsy to me, but hopefully they hold up. I'm still giving them 5 stars. Oh and another thing, if you read on the product description it states "earrings are made of durable 14k yellow gold that has been mixed with alloys (silver, copper, and zinc) to add strength and durability." I missed that little line until AFTER i had ordered them, altho the earrings do come with a tag on them saying 14k gold. I do not know about such things, but maybe they only mix a small amount of alloys, allowing them to still call the earrings solid gold. <end>  wife's birthday present  My wife loved her gift. She wanted a pair of sterling silver hoops and gold hoops. she loved both. Her only complaint is that the clasp is not that deep on the gold earrings (thus the 4 stars). <end>  Nice quality earrings  I was very pleased with the quality of these earrings, which I got for my wife for Mother's Day. She loved them! The clasp is nice and sturdy. <end>  Would never order it again!  I have got this earings a day ago, but was unhappy with them. The clasp is not tight and looks like it is undone so that the earing can easily fell off and you would never notice that and earings are too light. I was so sad to find out that I have lost one of the earings just the next day after I have bought it. They do not worth these money. And I wouldn't reccomend anybody to buy it, you will be dissapointed if you buy them. <end>  Exactly as described  Very happy with the earrings - they were exactly as shown and described on the site. Shipping times were met and a perfect transaction in all. <end>  Won't Stay On  Lost One  I am very disappointed in these earrings. The clasp is flimsy so I lost an earring only the second or third time I wore them. What a waste of money. Buyer beware. <end>  Love! Love! Love these earrings!  I was looking for a replacement for a pair of hoops I have had a long time, (the closure had broken.) These earrings exceeded my expectations! The price was good, too, as we all know the price of gold has sky-rocketed. After I received them, I saw they are made by Leach & Garner. I have other gold pieces manufactured by them that are built to last. You can tell the difference. I don't know what alloys they use, but I like the color of the 14k and the durability. Hopefully, I will have this pair as long as I had the other ones, (or longer!) <end>  Nice and light but clasp is not secure  Really pretty gold hoops with high luster shine and light weight. Unfortunately, since these are flimsy clasp closure, I lost one earring when I was out shopping and didn't notice my earring was missing until I arrived home. <end>  Better than they look on screen  I wasn't sure what these would like when I ordered them; since they appear almost silver on screen, but I trusted it's description of being 14K. I was very happy when I received them. They are 14k yellow gold and surprisingly sturdy/strong. They are polished and look high-quality. Very happy with this purchase! <end>  Wife loved these  I'm a typical guy that is basically clueless about jewelry, but I can certainly appreciate the ease of buying something on Amazon as opposed to going to a jewelry store and dealing with salespeople trying to push expensive products. My favorite move is when they take out their calculator and magically apply some unknown discount to what may or may not be a sticker price. My wife absolutely loved these earings - I don't know exactly why - but if your loved one is asking for gold hoop earrings these are the real deal. <end>  GOOD VALUE  The hoops are the exact size I was looking for, but even as thin as they are, they are still hollow. I was hoping for a solid hoop, but for the cost, they are a very good value. <end>  Bendy, but great earrings nevertheless  I've went through several gold hoops before settling on these. They're the perfect size - not too big, not too small. My only complaint is that the closure bends very easily. I feel like I'm going to brake them every time I take them off. <end>  Good stuff  The earrings look really nice when worn... and guess what... they get delivered on time too... <end>  Lovely Hoop Earrings!  These are very lightweight, but well made and the price was right!I got them for Christmas and have worn them often with no problems. They stay on and the catch has yet to come loose.They are very attractive....highly recommend! <end>  So-so item, shipped in awful condition...  Although the item is itself quite under my expectations that were based on the description and reviews, it would still be acceptable for me if not the REALLY AWFUL condition it has arrived. Namely - both of the earrings are covered with a kind of dirty glue in many places, like if something has been attached to them for very long time, and nobody has cleaned them ever since then. On top of that, many scratches are clearly visible on both earrings, and - what is most striking - ONE OF THE EARRINGS IS APPARENTLY CRUSHED AT ONE PLACE! I'm very upset with the negligence Amazon has treated this order. Good thing is that I did not give the box straight away to my wife, but first looked into it. Now need to take them to the goldsmith to at east clean and maybe try to fix the damage... <end>  Ok Pair  I got these earrings on sale. They are nice and big, but thinner than I had hoped.The closure/clasp seems to be a bit delicate...not sure if it is because it's 14K and the higher K usually is softer.Overall it was a good value for money. <end>  Gold Hoops  I really loved these earrings! They were a perfect size and went with almost everything. The down side for me is - I quickly lost one because I have long hair and when I move my hair off my shoulder I caught the earring and it came off very easily and was lost. I like that it didn't tug my ear or damage my ear - but because they are so very light weight - I never noticed it had fallen off. I bought another pair and did the same thing often enough thta I now only have one of the four earrings left....bummer.... <end>  Great looking earring but  I thought that the price was great for such a large hoop. I was pleased with my purchase. I believe that the first time I wore it was the last time because somehow the clasp became loose and when I realised this it was too late because I lost one side of the earring. I looked for it but couldn't find it. Very disappointed that I didn't get to enjoy it. <end>  Great size and price  These really are lovely! perfect size to peek out under hair, or to be dramatic with hair up. The clasp is tiny, but just don't force it and it opens/ closes easy enough. Advice on hallow hoop earring my husband told me after talking to a bunch of sales people and then buying these online...use only one hand to open close, b/c if you use two, you can easily twist the tube of the earring and it will never look the same after it gets tweaked. Enjoy! <end>  NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!  These earrings were a piece of junk. Very flimsy. Saw no indication on them anywhere that they were 14K gold. Made in Dominican Republic!! Should know better than to buy something like this online. <end>  Cheap & Chic  The reviews on these earrings were so mixed that I wasn't sure I was going to be happy when I received them. I'm pleased to say I was not unpleasantly surprised.They are flimsy, they're very light, they don't seem overly trustworthy, but they're very pretty AND under $150. If you're looking for solid heavy gold hoops that will last a lifetime, you need to visit your jeweler and be prepared to invest. If you want a delicate pair of chic hoops that will fill a hole in your jewelry box for less than the cost of a nice dinner out, these are for you. <end>  Clasp broke after less than a year! Poor Quality!  I rarely write reviews but felt compelled since Duragold has generally good ratings. The earrings were super flimsy to start with. I also had problems with the earrings falling off, the clasp is just a bad design. After less than a year one of the clasps actually broke in half while I was wearing it. It did not get caught on anything, I was just walking and it fell off. Funny how Duragold brags about durability on their website but mentions nothing about warranty. I contacted Amazon customer service so we'll see if they stand behind their product..... <end>  loopy  The earrings were beautiful and the quality was fantastic. I did not measure correctly....they were too large, I returned them. I am going to re-purchase a little but smaller hoop. <end>  GREAT EARRINGS! DURABLE & GREAT QUALITY!  These earrings are a great size & really wear well! I have sensitive ears & have problems with nickel & these do not bother my ears whatsoever. Highly recommend them for the price!! <end>
 B0000B35DZ  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Half Hoop Earrings ||	  Not quite what I expected...  It is hard to tell from the photograph, but the white areas are holes (diamond-shaped, thus the "diamond cut" description).Amazon isn't really misrepresenting this item, but the actual item isn't quite as attractive looking as the photo originally looked to me (against the white background, I was thinking the white diamonds were glare, and not holes).We'll see how the Mrs. likes it come Christmas. <end>  Trying a new style  After reading the other review, I was somewhat worried about trying these earrings. In person, however, I find them to be just fine. They will work for casual as well as more fancy occasions. The quality and weight is first rate for the money, and the diamond cutting gives them quite a sparkle. <end>
 B0000B35GM  14k Yellow and White Gold Small Tube "X" Earrings ||	  Phenominal earrings!  These earrings are just incredible for this price.You can't tell from the image, but there are actually TWO white gold bars, with one yellow gold bar between them. It is a very creative twist on a standard &quot;X&quot; style earring. They are well made, not flimsy or fragile at all. <end>
 B0000BUWEU  14k Yellow Gold Rope Chain Necklace, 30" ||	  Was very pleased..  I bought this gold chain for my husband for his birthday. It came in a nice gift box and is really beautiful, even better than the picture of it. He wears a couple of things on the chain, a medical alert and one other and the chain handles them both very well. The length was perfect too. So, I was pleased that he was happy with it. <end>
 B0000BUWMF  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Pear Shape, Drop Earrings ||	  Not worth the money I payed  I recently ordered these earrings and though they are beautiful, they look much different in reality than on the internet. I assume it is the quality of the picture provided, but I thought (before I purchased)that the earrings would be very thick and sturdy. Instead I recieved earrings that feel a little cheep and flimsy. In my opinion, the picture gives a viewer the impression that the earrings are made of gold that has been 'woven' together. Sadly, they are nothing more than a (very)thin layer of gold that has been pored into a mold. <end>
 B0000BUWNQ  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Glitter Mesh Teardrop Earrings ||	  if you like gold and shiney...  If you like gold and shiney, then you'll love these earrings. They are very comfortable to wear. My only complaint is that sometimes the dangle drop gets hung up by its connector ring. <end>
 B0000BUWNU  14k White Gold Polished Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  Are they real 14K Gold???  I bought these earrings and they are nice, but no where on them does it say 14K. They are stamped ISRAEL. Did I get real 14K gold earrings? <end>
 B0000BUWQ0  14k Yellow Gold Venetian Glass Burgundy Heart Toggle 18" Necklace ||	  Star falls short  A dingy muddled piece with low brilliance, and a chunky chain. Promised presentation case was not provided as advertised, came in a cheap drawstring bag. But there is no time to return and replace due to counting on item for a birthday present. Marginally acceptable transaction. The only good aspect was on time shipping. Whoopie ! Never again. Jewelry should be bought at a store not sight unseen - expensive lesson. <end>
 B0000BUWRI  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Beaded "Mom" Heart Charm ||	  gold review  My mom loved the pendant but I wish a chain went with it to complete its beauty <end>
 B0000BUWSR  14k Yellow and White Gold Diamond-cut Reversible Mesh Heart Charm ||	  Beautiful!  This is a really pretty charm. I love wearing it on a necklace chain and I would not recommend wearing it on a charm bracelet because it could easily get bent. The diamond cutting on this really makes it sparkle! <end>
 B0000BUWSV  14k Yellow Gold Peace Sign Charm ||	  Wow  The pendant is very well done. Is the size of a nickel in diameter.The clasp is large enough to go around a good size chain.The pendant is convex in design rather than flat and that lends to more visual interest.An excellent buy. <end>  Peace Pendant  I considered sending it back for a little bit. I'm not thrilled about it being one sided, and it's a little light on weight. I like some elements of it being concave, it lays well and is the diameter of a nickle. I've loved the peace sign since the late 60's & have been searching for a 14kt gold one.....I'm enjoying it.Toni Campbell <end>
 B0000BUWY5  14k Yellow Gold High Heel Shoe Charm ||	  Gold Charm  The charm was very pretty, however in the description there was nothing to indicate the size of the charm and I did not realize that it would be too small for my daughter. <end>
 B0000BUWYA  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Praying Mary Charm ||	  Absolutely gorgeous!  I received this as a Christmas present last year, from one of my brothers. I collect Madonnas, and was very pleasantly surprised by this piece - it's absolutely gorgeous, and every time I wear it, I receive several compliments. I've even had complete strangers approach me when I'm out shopping, to ask me about it. <end>
 B0000BUX05  14k Yellow Gold "#1 Dad" Beaded Charm ||	  looks even better in person  I bought this charm for my husband from my daughter. It looks so nice on a chain, the gold is pretty thick not flimsy so it can snap. The beading effect makes it very unique... <end>
 B0000BUX3F  14k White Gold Filigree Angel Charm ||	  Beautiful little charm  This is a perfect size charm for a 16" necklace. Great price and quality item. <end>
 B0000BUX5X  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Snowflake Charm ||	  Snowflske pendent  Great item, super fast delivery. I liked it so much I bought one for my mom too! Thanks! <end>
 B0000BUX9Q  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Pierced Heart Charm ||	  golden heart  I bought this for my daughter. Try the 14k gold ball and bar chain...it compliments it better than a figaro or box chain. <end>  HEART CHARM  MUY LINDO MI HIJA Y YO LO USAMOS SIEMPRE Y SE A COMBERTIDO EN UN SIMBOLO DE UNION , ES TAN LINDO QUE A OTRAS PERSONAS LE HA GUSTADO MUCHO TAMBIEN Y LO HAN COMPRADO , EL ENVIO ES SUPER RAPIDO Y CONFIABLE. <end>
 B0000BUX9S  14k White Gold Diamond-cut Glitter Mesh Heart Charm ||	  mashed mesh heart charm  this charm was all smushed in, like someone had already worn it!!no wonder no one else has purchased it!!! <end>
 B0000BUXA3  14k Yellow Gold "For My Sister" Charm ||	  Much Smaller than Expected  I thought this would be larger (because I had a similar one given to me) but it is only about 1/2" -- if that. Other than that, it's very nice. <end>  Not bad  I'm not sure it is worth the $25 price, but overall it is a pretty pendant and said exactly what I wanted to convey to my "surrogate" sister (best friend of 30 years). Could probably buy similar for less $$ at discount department store. Overall, I am pleased with it. <end>
 B0000BUXBR  14k Yellow Gold Satin Diamond-Cut Claddagh Ring, Size 9 ||	  Ring with a lot of meaning  I bought this ring for a friend and she seemed to really apprecite it. the symbols have a lot of meaning and these rings are passed to people as gifts all over the world. <end>
 B0000BVETF  14k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Earrings (1 1/2ctw, I-J, I1) ||	  How to be a hero - order these!  I ordered these earrings for my wife's birthday. They showed up in two days with no problem. The quality of the diamonds was higher than advertised on the site. I picked these diamond studs for a couple of reasons - the value was great and the prong design was much prettier than the standard prongs I see on most diamond earrings. I prefer the white gold to platinum as the platinum (while stronger) loses its luster much more quickly than gold. The 1.5 ct tw earrings I purchased are very large on her ear and are a noticable difference from the 1 ct tw (1/2 each ear) that most of her friends have. And it didn't hurt that they were $215 less than comparable earrings at Blue Nile. <end>
 B0000BVF1Z  IGI Certified Platinum Princess-Cut 4-Prong Diamond Stud Earrings (1 1/2 cttw, G-H Color, VS2 Clarity) ||	  Very beautiful diamond earings  I love these earrings. The one they sent were G color and VS2 clarity. They really really stand out. Almost too big for everyday, really gets attention. Highly recommend!Beautiful! <end>  good color but didn't sparkle  I was disappointed and returned this pair of earrings because they just didn't sparkle and catch the light the way my regular round cut stud earrings do. It may be that the princess-cut just cannot capture the fire the way a round cut diamond does. The color was very good, and they also had excellent clarity but on my ears they just looked didn't sparkle at all. Perhaps it was the actual 3rd C- Cut that made this pair of earrings such a disappointment.I'll be checking out different cuts at B&M; and suggest other shoppers consider side-by-side comparisons before investing in an expensive pair of earrings. Return shipping/insurance is very expensive too. <end>
 B0000BVF20  Certified Platinum, Princess-Cut, Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (2 cttw, G-H Color, VS2 Clarity) ||	  Excellent quality at a fantastic price.  I was looking for some platinum 2 Carat solitaire earrings for my wife, and stumbled upon these on Amazon. I was amazed at the price since they had a 10% off sale at the time. I bought these and surprised my wife with them. She was thrilled to get them. She is so proud of them. The earrings came with a certificate and the quality of the stones are excellent. <end>  Absolutely beautiful!  I am thrilled with these earrings. Mine were G-H color and VS1-2 as described. They are so amazingly sparkly. You can't miss them a mile away. They are big but not so large as to look fake. Can't be more pleased! <end>
 B0000BVF2K  14k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (1/4ct , I-J, I1) ||	  Not too shabby  I got this necklace for my wife's birthday to replace one that she had lost. I also purchased a set of diamond earrings, along with these, for Christmas. The diamond pendant that came with the necklace was an I with SI2 clarity at .29 tcw. The IGI appraisal was $990.00. I hope my wife likes it. <end>  1/4 carat is really small, but quality is high  This was a little smaller than I expected (it's hard to judge size over the Internet) and the stone I received had a total carat weight of .21 -- not quite a quarter carat. However, it is extremely clear and bright and sparkly, as befitting a "very good" cut, clarity, and I color rating. In that respect, it's a bargain.The other area I was concerned about - presentation - turned out to be a non-issue. No, amazon won't gift wrap this for you, but it's in a nice formal jewelry box within a nice dark cardboard gift-style box within a box with tissue paper and cloth... if you're embarrased to save money and buy something like this on amazon because you're afraid you'll look cheap, don't be. <end>
 B0000BVGN4  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 7 ||	  Great Value  I am extremely happy with this ring. Unlike the reviewer who stated her ring only has 9 stones, mine does have the full 11 as stated in the description. The stones are very clear, and have a good amount of fire. I have gotten a lot of compliments on this ring, and for the price it's a tremendous value. It's comfortable, and it looks great with a round brilliant cut solitare ring. For this price, why buy a cubic? <end>  Great quality &amp; a price you can't beat  I did a lot of research &amp; looked at many diamond bands &amp; I was very happy when I got this band (very fast shipping). You will not find a better deal for .25 carat. Brillant cut &amp; sparkle. I can truly say I was not disapointed when I saw it for the first time. I've gotten a lot of compliments. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Pretty but uncomfortable  I purchased this ring and it is very pretty, but because the band has sharp square edges, I found it to be very uncomfortable. Also, I bought this to wear next to my engagement ring and it didn't work with it, again because of the square shaped band. (I returned this ring and bought the round cut diamond ring for the same price, which I'm thrilled with.) The price is a lot lower than even the least expensive jewelry stores I looked at. <end>
 B0000BXFKK  Sterling Silver, Rose Quartz, Aquamarine 1-Strand Bead Bracelet w/ Garnet Toggle Clasp ||	  Shoddy Workmanship  This very pretty bracelet fell to pieces the first time I put it on; the wire used appears to be too fine for the weight of the stones. Ultimately I'm left feeling this is an expensive piece of cheap junk jewelry--enough to make me think twice about ever buying jewelry over the Internet again. And, a month later, I'm still waiting on a refund... <end>
 B0000BXFMV  Sterling Silver, Hessonite Garnet 4-Strand Bead Bracelet w/ Garnet Toggle Clasp ||	  Great Item and a good deal  I love this bracelet. I just got it and I think I'm going to order a second one as I think they would look cool worn together. It is exactly as described/pictured and the hessonite garnet tones are warm and wonderful. A great buy (I think it looks more expensive than it is) and it's super comfortable to boot. <end>  Love this bracelet!  I was looking for an amber bracelet to match some earrings and necklace. I could not find a lot out there to choose from until I came across this garnet bracelet, which looks somewhat like amber. Garnet is also my birthstone! This bracelet is very easy to put on by myself--don't need to use my bracelet buddy. It feels very comfortable on my wrist and moves around freely. It has a substantial presence on my wrist. I've had many compliments on it and most are surprised that it's garnet and not amber. I'm very happy with this purchase and know that I will wear it for many years. <end>
 B0000BXG2G  Sterling Silver Heart Link Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  Sweet little bracelet that anyone would like  I ordered this for a gift for a 20-ish gal. I was really pleased when I received it. It feels like excellent quality, as it is a nice weight. I expected it to be a little larger than it turned out to be; it's only about 1/4" high. The hearts are about the same size as the bracelet links. But it's pretty in it's own small way in that it's about the size of an I.D. bracelet, and with the many hearts maybe it's good that it's on the tiny side, since, if it were bigger it would definitely be very "girly". Since it's not so large, I think that even a tomboy would like this, and someone that's not a tomboy would also like it because it's kind of "discreet girly", if that makes any sense.  ) Anyway, I was very pleased with how very pretty it is and with the nice quality. Plus, it's something that you don't see everywhere. Gladly, five stars! <end>  Very nice bracelet!  I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and was quite impressed with the quality and weight of it. She receives lots of compliments when she wears it and several people have asked where I got it.This bracelet is suitable for an adult to wear. The previous review made it sound like it would be only appropriate for a teen or younger. I disagree. It's cute and is good quality. I gave it five stars because it's far nicer than the price would lead you to believe. <end>
 B0000BXG2K  Sterling Silver Heart Identification Bracelet ||	  Perfect "just because" gift  My husband gave me this "just because" after sighting it on my wish list. It is a sweet, and feminine bangel that I adore to see on my wrist. It's large enough to wear alone, but can be tastefully paired with a similiar colored bracelet or watch. To anyone who is wishy-washy about buying silver, I say don't under estimate this piece. The silver adds to it's durability, so it can be worn everyday, unlike other softer metals which risk shape-warping. Also, the clean shine of silver is a perfect accessory to any colored outfit and can be paired with all shades of gold and other metals. I receive many compliments from other women on this piece, and as I said before, it makes the perfect "just because" gift. <end>
 B0000BXG2N  Sterling Silver Heart Locket w/ Diamond Accent on 18" Sterling Silver Chain ||	  Cute but way too SMALL  Like an idiot I ordered this and then read the review. Upon receiving this item I have to agree completely with the review. The locket is so small you can barely get your fingers on it to open it. Good luck finding a picture to fit in it. It's too small even for a passport photo. If you can find one to fit, you will need a magnifying glass just to see it. I had expected so much more from Amazon. Severely dissappointed. <end>  too tiny!  For the price I paid for this item, I expected something a little bigger. The size of the heart was hardly larger than a pencil eraser. If you plan to put a photo in here, it will be so tiny you will won't be able to see a thing. It's unfortuate that Amazon doesn't give you something to compare it to prior to ordering it.. if it had, I would not have bought it. I gave it three stars primarily because my disappointment with the size. <end>  As tiny as a finger nail  I, too, foolishly didn't pay attention to the listed demensions or the reveiws.It's pretty but as tiny as your finger nail. And one would need a magnifying scope to view any pictures that would fit in this miniature locket. <end>  sterling silver locket  I love the locket, but it is smaller than the picture made it appear. It would be perfect if the locket was a little bit bigger because it is hard to get such a small photo inside it. <end>  Beautiful  I bought this for the flower girl in my wedding. It is one of the tiniest lockets I have ever seen, but it will be PERFECT for her. I would recommend this locket to anyone looking to buy one for a little girl. You wont be able to put pictures in it for sure, but it's a beautiful locket just the same. I am very pleased with it and I cant wait to give it to my flower girl!  ) <end>
 B0000BXG35  Sterling Silver "I Love You" Charm Bracelet w/ 14k Yellow Gold Heart Charm, 7.5" ||	  P E R F E C T...!!  Perfect gift for your loved ones... <end>
 B0000BXG3X  Sterling Silver and 14k Yellow Gold Rectangular Cuff Links w/ Garnet ||	  Stunning  I bought these for my husband for Christmas. He said they were absolutely beautiful and that he would have chosen the exact ones him self. They arrived quickly and the cufflinks were in a blue velvet protective pouch, I was very pleased. <end>
 B0000BY88F  18k Yellow Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/3ctw, G-H, VS2) ||	  Quality earrings, but a clasp problem  Earrings arrived in time for the holidays. The earrings look great, but after the 10th use, the screw-on clasp on one earring has been giving my wife trouble. I contacted Amamzon and will get a replacement. I'll update info after replacement arrives. <end>
 B0000BY88P  IGI Certified Platinum 4-Prong Diamond Stud Earrings (1 cttw, G-H Color, VS2 Clarity) ||	  Good quality diamond earrings  My earrings were delivered today and I must say that I am very pleased with this purchase. I've had these earrings on my wish list for a long time but never could justify spending this kind of money on myself. After many years of hard work and penny pinching, I decided it was time to splurge. About three months ago I started researching diamond earrings and comparing carat, cut, color, clarity and pricing. The quality of the diamonds was more important to me than the carat size. I wasn't sure if I was going to buy my diamonds from Amazon. A lot of the diamonds offered here are at a lower price, but they also are of lesser quality and most of them have a significant number of inclusions which was unacceptable to me.I knew that the earrings I wanted to buy had to be at least G-H in color and a minimum of VS1/2 in clarity. I figured that I would have to choose a smaller carat size in order to stay within my price range. I found this particular pair of 1 cttw diamond earring studs on Amazon and they were exactly what I was looking for but the price was still a bit higher than I was hoping to spend. I kept checking Amazon to see if the price had dropped and I was lucky enough to buy them during a gold box deal at a very nice savings.The earring were delivered by UPS two day service and required a signature. The item was packaged very well and the earrings came in a lovely mahogany colored wooden box and included a laminated card from the I.G.I. in New York which provided detailed information on the cut, color and clarity of the diamonds. There was additional literature which explained that both of the diamonds are lasercribed with an identification number which can provide added security if these earrings are ever lost or stolen.I checked the diamonds out very carefully and was not able to see any flaws. These earrings have an incredible sparkle and the 1 cttw size is perfect. People will definitely notice you are wearing them. I consider these quality earrings to be an investment which will increase in value over the years and will certainly make me happy every time I wear them.Updated 3/20/08 - Amazon now has these earrings listed at $4,099.99 which is overpriced. These same earrings can be purchased elsewhere for less than $3,000. <end>  Very nice but...  This is a pair of really nice earrings. I searched a lot of stores and finally get one from Amazon.com for my anniversary. Although I have to wait over 4 weeks to get it, both my wife and I like it so much. It come with a pretty box and a certificate from International Gemological Institute. The whole thing is perfect except one problem.The only problem is that the back of one earring has some brown dirty rust-like things which is unacceptable. Another one has a very shining silver back. I have to return and get a replacement. <end>  Great quality diamond earrings at a good price  I recently received my order and was extremely pleased. This is the second pair of diamond studs that I've ordered from Amazon, and both times, I have not been disappointed. The diamonds are of very good quality as described. The IGI certification was included with the package. And according to the certification, the earrings are appraised at a value that's more than the price paid. Another pleasant surprise. I love them and would order diamonds from Amazon again. <end>  Very nice, good quality.  Very nice quality earrings. After shopping around the stores, I find that these have all the features that I was looking for. The documentation presentation was a pleasant surprise. Extremely satisfied. <end>  Exactly what I expected  I was looking for VS2, G-H 1cttw platinum stud earrings, which is exactly what these were. I've never gotten jewelry via the mail before, so I was a little worried.I had nothing to worry about. These came and they are precisely what they advertised as, and precisely what I wanted. Nice job Amazon! <end>  Cut was not correct  Overall... these were pretty good diamonds for the price. However, a big issues was that the cut was listed as "Very Good" but the IGI rating just listed it as good. I immediately contacted Amazon support and got quick feedback. They suggested ordering another one and returning this one. I did - with the same result.One of the big problems here is that you cannot speak to a jewelry rep. You get a general customer service rep immediately but they have to pass you info over to the jewelry department which can take a couple business days to respond - and only via email. This is pretty bad for a company trying to exceed customer service standards! Dont get me wront - their reqular reps tried to help but were limited in what they could do and the information they could get. Especially Jeremy - this guy was dedicated! But again, he was limited in what he could do because of the jewelry department.On my final email to customer service I noticed they took off the cut description on the website.Again... good diamonds and size for the price. I was a little upset that the price was factored on a Very Good cut even thought the diamond wasnt exactly that. My return was processed with no issues. <end>  Excellent value for a good quality product.  My wife was thrilled with her 10th anniversary gift. These are beautiful.I was skeptical that the cut might be 'good' as was mentioned in another review but it turned out to be a 'brilliant' cut. The earrings are excellant value for the quality of the product that you get. Bought the jackets from Costco to complement the studs (best price for the quality).So all in all an excellant purchase. Wife happy with quality and I am happy about the price. A happy ending.  -) <end>  Very nice.  These earrings are very nice. They have long post that the clasps screw on so they are very secure. You will be very happy to receive them. <end>  Bling bling!  Got the pair for my wife, last year, for our anniversary, I just did not hv time to write a review. The pair comes very speedy, a couple business days after the order.Coming with the IGI certificate (one of the best and well-known international certificate) and a nice box; With the help of 45x "mini" microscope and 30x loupe (bought both in Amazon), I could see the certification number laser-etched at the edge of each of the diamond, each has own number. That must be a genuine pair.The color G-H looks stunningly white, one G and the other is H, The H color has a a little bit bigger carats than the G, well balanced out. I was kinda hope both are G color, which is possible too. The clarity VS2 of each is really good looking in the loupe/microscope. The mini microscope has an LED light that light-up the look while inspecting it. It is much different compared to SI, or any I's clarity that I have just seen a few days earlier in our local stores. Only a very few "lines" in the diamond. The cut is also flawless as well as the mounts. I think that the cut and the clarity works together to reflect the "Bling" under lights. The less lines the more clear and the less distortions of light are reflected. The platinum prong feels different than the white gold, or is it just my feelings? Well, it just looks different compared to her white-gold jewelry, more "bold" silverish color. Back then I have compared the prices among some jewelers and found the Amazon's price is the best. You have to do that before ordering. I just share my experience about the quality of the stuff. <end>  Nice but smaller than expected  The earrings have very nice color, clarity and sparkle. They arrived quickly. My only regret is that the stones are not larger. <end>
 B0000BY892  18k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (1/2ct , H-I, SI2) ||	  Even better than advertised!  This is the third time Amazon has exceeded my expectations with jewelry, specifically with diamonds.This was advertised as having a color of H, clarity of SI2. I got a COLORLESS (D) diamond with VS1 clarity. The stone scintillates beautifully. I couldn't possibly have gotten a better deal anywhere else. <end>  Simple and elegant  Beautiful! The stone sparkles and has earned many complements. The chain is durable which is great for daily wear and for a mother of small children. <end>
 B0000BYA0U  Round Sterling Silver Locket, 18" ||	  Good buy, size exactly as described  This is a nice, well made locket for the price. It's simple and cleanly designed; its hinges seem solid; and it opens easily and closes securely. Adding to its magic, it seems to come up fairly often in Amazon's "Today's Deals" listings to offer buyers an additional 30, 40, or 50 percent off its regular price. (I bought three at 40 percent off and wear them together on a single chain.)I'm always amazed by reviews that down-rate an item simply because it was smaller or larger than the buyer expected. Like all of Amazon's jewelry, this item's description includes its dimensions, and the locket measures up. The external "0.81 inches" clearly identified in the item description is about the size of a nickel. Inside, the locket holds photos just over a half-inch in diameter (0.57 inches, to be exact). It should be noted that there is no internal frame to hold the pictures in place, but the locket's slightly concave design allows them to be securely pressed into place so they don't move or dislodge. In fact, they seat so securely that it took some real effort to remove a photo so I could swap it for a different one.Overall, this a nice looking, delicate locket at a great price. If that's what you're looking for, this locket won't disappoint. <end>  teeny tiny!  This locket was dime-sized--much smaller than I had anticipated. It was also very plain and looked cheap. The mother-of-pearl locket was MUCH BETTER! <end>  Too Cute!  This locket was great - it was blank so I could get it engraved with my sister's childrens' initials. Perfect! She loved it. <end>  Very Dissapointed  I was very dissapointed in this locket which I purchased as a gift for my best friend who was leaving to go to China for a year. I recieved it in the mail and found that is was very cheaply made. It is not of good quality and is VERY LIGHT in weight. I thought something made of silver would be more substantial in weight but this locket is NOT. Also, it is very plain. I realize the style of this piece is simple but when I looked at it first hand it didn't even look well made. The clasp is not even a clasp that jewler's use. It is one that you can pry apart and is not welded together. Over all I was very dissapointed and would never give it as a gift to anyone. I returned it immediately. <end>
 B0000BYA2F  Sterling Silver Love Knot Cuff Links ||	  looks cheap  I was very disappointed in this item. When they arrived they looked like they were made of plastic. They were so cheap. In addition I paid a large amount of money to have the delivered on Feb 14 and they did not arrive until 11 00pm that night. Completely unacceptable but of course I did not get a refund b/c it was delivered on that date.Amazon advertized that they could deliver on that day and completely messed up my v-day. I will never order from them again if under a deadline.Do not waste your time on these cheap products! <end>  Pleased With Cuff links.  These are nice dressy cuff links, and good value for the money. <end>
 B0000BYA2M  Sterling Silver Oval Cuff Links w/ Golf Clubs ||	  Great style cuff links  I bought these for my husband and he wears them to work all the time, they are very good size. They also stay nice with lots of wear. <end>
 B0000BYA3N  Sterling Silver Key Holder w/Black & Oxblood Leather Braid ||	  silver key holder  The design is nice and there is sufficient weight to make it appealing to men. <end>
 B0000BYQZQ  18k Yellow Gold 1ctw Round Brilliant Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 8 ||	  Diamond Anniversary Band  This is a beautiful ring. The diamonds are of a higher quality than what you usually find in rings like this. The fire in these diamonds is unbelievable. Getting a ring like this for this price is great, getting this level of diamond quality for this price is incredible and the fact that they are certified is the icing on the cake. I shopped all over the net and could not find a 1ct. ring of this quality for any where near this price. I would recommend this ring to anyone that wants a top quality ring at a great price. <end>
 B0000BYRFR  18k White Gold 3/4ctw Princess-cut Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 7.5 ||	  My mom couldn't even get me a better deal!  My mom is in the jewelry business, and she couldn't find us nearly as good a deal as this ring for diamonds of the same quality and clarity. When I got the ring, I had both the IGI certification, my mother, and my own observations to verify that, in fact, the diamonds are of the quality and clarity shown--really, they are closer to G quality on average than H! When my boyfriend and I went to Tiffany's, a similar ring that they showed us was also G and VS2 quality, but a lot more costly.*To note about this ring 1. It has a rather comfortable, comfort-fit band.2. At the end of the row of diamonds, the channel extends with a bit of a flat plane. You can see the profile of the two end diamonds.3. The band is the same width all the way around--not tapered.Personally, I think the channel setting is rather classic in feel, while the cut-outs at the end of the channel add a slightly modern flair.Also, the ring that I got was actually a size 5.25, when we ordered a size 5. In particular, when you put the ring on a mandril to measure it, the bottom of the ring is at about 5.25 whereas the middle comes to around 5.00. (Due to this error, I am rating the ring a 4, though overall I am quite pleased). Turns out, I am really a 4.75, so I had the ring I got sized. Suffice to say, if you are in-between sizes, I would get the smaller size to be safe.* If you have about 5x this amount of money and want to spend it, go to Tiffany's and get the partial of Lucida diamonds in a platinum setting. That ring is gorgeous--particularly the Lucida diamond, which is a proprietary cut of diamond that is being patented by Tiffany's and is only sold there. I think it'll make a great wedding band;) <end>
 B0000BYRH4  Platinum 3/4ctw Princess-cut Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 6 ||	  I said yes!  I am the Mrs - ghost writing this review. The ring is beautiful. I was doing reviews of other stuff we've ordered over the years - it;s been 6 years since he gave me this ring and I love it. It's not gawdy or blingy, like many of my friends rings (not that that is necessarily bad - just saying) I'm a hands-on sort of girl who likes doing messy things - like painting, working on house projects, gardening, extended hiking trips. This ring has proven a durable, stalwart and beautiful symbol of the commitment we made to each other. Highly recommended. <end>
 B0000C056H  18k White Gold "J" Hinged Hoop Earrings ||	  Flimsy earings.  I just received those earrings and was very disappointed. They're a lot lighter than I thought, the clasp doesn't close very well and the frame is very thin.I will probably be returning these! <end>
 B0000C057R  18k Yellow Gold Polished Hoop Earrings ||	  Ordering another pair  These are the perfect gold hoop earrings - just the right size, weight and quality. The classic style goes with any wardrobe - dressy or casual. I lost one in a parking lot and was heartbroken - I found it but a car had run over it! I love these earrings so much I am ordering another pair. Now I have a spare one in case I have another unfortunate incident. <end>
 B0000C4CI3  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Pleasantly surprised!  After looking at dozens of other stores, I kept coming back to this ring for both the style and the price (after all, it is shipped free and would only take a few bucks to ship back if we didn't like it!) I do have to say that it did take a solid 3 weeks for this ring to arrive - longer than expected. But once it did, we were so happy with the purchase! It is a beautiful ring with a lot of weight to it - it feels very heavy in hand. It also has the slightly raised center portion that is just enough to give it an original look, but not too much that it looks too trendy. Another advantage over a brick and mortar store is that you can buy the ring in the exact size you need. A lot of regular stores only have what is in stock, and it has to be resized for you, possibly affecting the integrity of the ring. This is a very shiny classic that we are going to enjoy for years to come! Looks much better in person!!! <end>  A beautiful Ring!  After looking in various jewelry stores and searching the internet, my husband and I found this ring and it was exactly what he had in mind! We got married in May, and it still looks brand new! The size charts are accurate, and it fit him perfectly. A great deal for such a nice wedding band. <end>  Great purchase!  Like the other reviewers, I love this ring. It's heavy and durable, but it has nice detailing that isn't too flashy for my husband. He loves it, and jewelry stores would probably charge $500 or so for the same size ring. I am VERY satisfied with this purchase!! <end>  A nice ring  I love the design of this ring, and the fit was correct and comfortable. It scratches more easily than I had hoped, though I have to admit I'm not terribly easy on it. It polishes up nicely though. <end>  My ring  This is my wedding ring and I have had it for 2 years and it still looks great. <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased this ring in November 2007 as my husband's wedding band. It is beautiful. He is very pleased with the ring. He has never had a problem with the comfort, even though he has never worn jewelry before. Love it!! Great buy! <end>  Beautiful!!  I could not be happier with this ring.It is gorgeous, solid, nice weight (it doesn't feel cheap), and it really shines.They shipped it to me several days prior to the estimated delivery date.And I actually order a size too big (I think they run a little big), and Amazon was so courteous and efficient about returning the product and ordering a new one that fit, they really made it painless.I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a quality wedding band who doesn't want to spend a fortune on an equal product. After this experience I will definitely be purchasing more jewelry through Amazon. <end>  Badly Scratched  The ring had a deep scratch in it. Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life. Better choice I think. <end>
 B0000C4CI6  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Pleasantly surprised!  After looking at dozens of other stores, I kept coming back to this ring for both the style and the price (after all, it is shipped free and would only take a few bucks to ship back if we didn't like it!) I do have to say that it did take a solid 3 weeks for this ring to arrive - longer than expected. But once it did, we were so happy with the purchase! It is a beautiful ring with a lot of weight to it - it feels very heavy in hand. It also has the slightly raised center portion that is just enough to give it an original look, but not too much that it looks too trendy. Another advantage over a brick and mortar store is that you can buy the ring in the exact size you need. A lot of regular stores only have what is in stock, and it has to be resized for you, possibly affecting the integrity of the ring. This is a very shiny classic that we are going to enjoy for years to come! Looks much better in person!!! <end>  A beautiful Ring!  After looking in various jewelry stores and searching the internet, my husband and I found this ring and it was exactly what he had in mind! We got married in May, and it still looks brand new! The size charts are accurate, and it fit him perfectly. A great deal for such a nice wedding band. <end>  Great purchase!  Like the other reviewers, I love this ring. It's heavy and durable, but it has nice detailing that isn't too flashy for my husband. He loves it, and jewelry stores would probably charge $500 or so for the same size ring. I am VERY satisfied with this purchase!! <end>  A nice ring  I love the design of this ring, and the fit was correct and comfortable. It scratches more easily than I had hoped, though I have to admit I'm not terribly easy on it. It polishes up nicely though. <end>  My ring  This is my wedding ring and I have had it for 2 years and it still looks great. <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased this ring in November 2007 as my husband's wedding band. It is beautiful. He is very pleased with the ring. He has never had a problem with the comfort, even though he has never worn jewelry before. Love it!! Great buy! <end>  Beautiful!!  I could not be happier with this ring.It is gorgeous, solid, nice weight (it doesn't feel cheap), and it really shines.They shipped it to me several days prior to the estimated delivery date.And I actually order a size too big (I think they run a little big), and Amazon was so courteous and efficient about returning the product and ordering a new one that fit, they really made it painless.I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a quality wedding band who doesn't want to spend a fortune on an equal product. After this experience I will definitely be purchasing more jewelry through Amazon. <end>  Badly Scratched  The ring had a deep scratch in it. Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life. Better choice I think. <end>
 B0000C4CIG  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CIM  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CIP  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CIZ  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJ0  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJ2  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJ5  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJF  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Attractive, well-designed men's wedding ring  Description  This two-tone, 14-karat men's gold wedding ring also sports two finishes. It consists of five zones or bands. The first, third, and fifth bands are shiny/polished and rounded (convex), with the outer bands in white gold, and the middle band in yellow gold. The second and fourth zones are flat and are raised slightly higher than the other bands, which should protect the shiny ones somewhat from damage. These two zones are white gold with a brushed finish and each are approximately 2.5 times the width of one of the shiny bands. The inside of the ring is white gold. The stamps read "14K" and "FA"*.Additional information  Amazon currently has two of this ring style listed (see http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000EVXWK/ref=cm_rv_thx_view/103-5051791-5395063?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=3367581), one slightly heavier than the other, with different sizes available in each. Unfortunately with both rings, the selection of sizes is limited.Opinion  I had been looking at this style of ring in a local jewelery store but then found this one on Amazon for less than half what the jeweler was asking. When the Amazon ring arrived, I was relieved to find that it was identical to the one I had been considering at the jewelry store.The photo of the ring here does not do it justice. It is a great-looking ring, and heavy enough to feel like gold should, but not so heavy as to be cumbersome. The inside is slightly convex, making the ring quite comfortable to wear.One issue to note  the ring I received appears to have a bit of light wear on the brushed surfaces  some minor nicks and scratches. Perhaps it had been returned by another customer and then shipped to me. I just received the ring tonight, however, so I will need to examine it more closely in the daylight to know whether to ask for an exchange. The bottom line  be sure to examine closely any jewelry you buy.Bottom line(s)  This is a very attractive and modern-looking ring that does not look like a pipe fitting, as do so many other men's rings today. I am very pleased to have found the ring on Amazon and am happy about the design and feel of the product. It will be a fine wedding ring.* Edit  The stamp actually reads "14(c)FG" - the FG = Frederick Goldman. The G looks like an A, though, which I believe must be part of Goldman's trademark. I've had the ring for two years now, and it's still beautiful. The texture on the raised part is smooth now, and more reflective (partly because I mistakenly asked a mall jeweler one day for a quick *polish* rather than a *cleaning*, and didn't catch my mistake before it was too late, and the guy had given it a light abrasive polish), but the ring is still beautiful. Definitely an excellent value; I'll continue to buy jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000C4CJJ  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Attractive, well-designed men's wedding ring  Description  This two-tone, 14-karat men's gold wedding ring also sports two finishes. It consists of five zones or bands. The first, third, and fifth bands are shiny/polished and rounded (convex), with the outer bands in white gold, and the middle band in yellow gold. The second and fourth zones are flat and are raised slightly higher than the other bands, which should protect the shiny ones somewhat from damage. These two zones are white gold with a brushed finish and each are approximately 2.5 times the width of one of the shiny bands. The inside of the ring is white gold. The stamps read "14K" and "FA"*.Additional information  Amazon currently has two of this ring style listed (see http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000EVXWK/ref=cm_rv_thx_view/103-5051791-5395063?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=3367581), one slightly heavier than the other, with different sizes available in each. Unfortunately with both rings, the selection of sizes is limited.Opinion  I had been looking at this style of ring in a local jewelery store but then found this one on Amazon for less than half what the jeweler was asking. When the Amazon ring arrived, I was relieved to find that it was identical to the one I had been considering at the jewelry store.The photo of the ring here does not do it justice. It is a great-looking ring, and heavy enough to feel like gold should, but not so heavy as to be cumbersome. The inside is slightly convex, making the ring quite comfortable to wear.One issue to note  the ring I received appears to have a bit of light wear on the brushed surfaces  some minor nicks and scratches. Perhaps it had been returned by another customer and then shipped to me. I just received the ring tonight, however, so I will need to examine it more closely in the daylight to know whether to ask for an exchange. The bottom line  be sure to examine closely any jewelry you buy.Bottom line(s)  This is a very attractive and modern-looking ring that does not look like a pipe fitting, as do so many other men's rings today. I am very pleased to have found the ring on Amazon and am happy about the design and feel of the product. It will be a fine wedding ring.* Edit  The stamp actually reads "14(c)FG" - the FG = Frederick Goldman. The G looks like an A, though, which I believe must be part of Goldman's trademark. I've had the ring for two years now, and it's still beautiful. The texture on the raised part is smooth now, and more reflective (partly because I mistakenly asked a mall jeweler one day for a quick *polish* rather than a *cleaning*, and didn't catch my mistake before it was too late, and the guy had given it a light abrasive polish), but the ring is still beautiful. Definitely an excellent value; I'll continue to buy jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000C4CJL  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved 7mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Attractive, well-designed men's wedding ring  Description  This two-tone, 14-karat men's gold wedding ring also sports two finishes. It consists of five zones or bands. The first, third, and fifth bands are shiny/polished and rounded (convex), with the outer bands in white gold, and the middle band in yellow gold. The second and fourth zones are flat and are raised slightly higher than the other bands, which should protect the shiny ones somewhat from damage. These two zones are white gold with a brushed finish and each are approximately 2.5 times the width of one of the shiny bands. The inside of the ring is white gold. The stamps read "14K" and "FA"*.Additional information  Amazon currently has two of this ring style listed (see http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000EVXWK/ref=cm_rv_thx_view/103-5051791-5395063?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=3367581), one slightly heavier than the other, with different sizes available in each. Unfortunately with both rings, the selection of sizes is limited.Opinion  I had been looking at this style of ring in a local jewelery store but then found this one on Amazon for less than half what the jeweler was asking. When the Amazon ring arrived, I was relieved to find that it was identical to the one I had been considering at the jewelry store.The photo of the ring here does not do it justice. It is a great-looking ring, and heavy enough to feel like gold should, but not so heavy as to be cumbersome. The inside is slightly convex, making the ring quite comfortable to wear.One issue to note  the ring I received appears to have a bit of light wear on the brushed surfaces  some minor nicks and scratches. Perhaps it had been returned by another customer and then shipped to me. I just received the ring tonight, however, so I will need to examine it more closely in the daylight to know whether to ask for an exchange. The bottom line  be sure to examine closely any jewelry you buy.Bottom line(s)  This is a very attractive and modern-looking ring that does not look like a pipe fitting, as do so many other men's rings today. I am very pleased to have found the ring on Amazon and am happy about the design and feel of the product. It will be a fine wedding ring.* Edit  The stamp actually reads "14(c)FG" - the FG = Frederick Goldman. The G looks like an A, though, which I believe must be part of Goldman's trademark. I've had the ring for two years now, and it's still beautiful. The texture on the raised part is smooth now, and more reflective (partly because I mistakenly asked a mall jeweler one day for a quick *polish* rather than a *cleaning*, and didn't catch my mistake before it was too late, and the guy had given it a light abrasive polish), but the ring is still beautiful. Definitely an excellent value; I'll continue to buy jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000C4CKE  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  EXCELLENT Ring!  This ring is by far the best value in the sub $500 price point. I ordered this ring recently and am quite pleased to say the least. The picture absolutely does the ring no justice -- as the craftmanship is outstanding.You cannot go wrong choosing this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring at ANY price!!!  My wife and I decided to update our wedding bands this year for our anniversary. I wanted something different than the plain 4mm comfort-fit yellow gold band I had since our wedding. I looked at many specialty web sites and jewelry stores, but my wife and I both fell in love with this ring. When we saw the price we thought it was too good too be true! We ordered it and received it the following afternoon (with a free shipping promo)! It is stunning! The only minor issue is the ring seems to run a little big (maybe 1/2 a size). Because of the pattern on the ring, it is not able to be resized, but Amazon would let you return it for a new size if necessary. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I am not one to write reviews, but my husband and I are so very happy with this ring, that I could not resist sharing this with you. The picture cannot display how amazing this ring is. And, it is definitely a bargain for the price! <end>  Quite Lovely  The packaging and the ring itself were quite lovely. Also, my fiance, who is "comfort oriented," was thrilled with the fit. <end>  Excellent quality! Excellent value  My fiance' and I have been looking for rings for some time now. I found a ring identical to this at a local jeweler, but their prices were extraordinarily high. I had almost given up on being able to find the ring and then I came across this item on Amazon -- for almost 1/3 of the cost.The reviews I read sounded promising and I can tell you that I echo everything that has been posted already. Beautiful ring. Excellent finishing. Comfortable. It does run almost a half size big. This is a serious bargain. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! I bought this for my soon to be husband and he loves it! The center engraving makes this ring stand out among the same boring, shiny, flat wedding band. Just enough originality to make you take a second look! Comfort fit is also great!!! What a steal! <end>  Great price, quality  I was leery about an online jewelry purchase, but this is a great quality ring that is a steal for the price offered. Same ring is $600-$800 in most jewelry stores. Comfort fit also feels great! <end>  My husband loves this ring...  Unfortunately, my husband and I didn't pick out matching bands because he really likes his ring and I don't like mine. Nevertheless, as a previous reviewer said, this ring does run about a half a size bigger than it says so I would recommend that you keep this in mind when you purchase it because if you get it downsized (as my husband did) then the engraved matte inner band can't be salvaged. Even with the downsized ring it still looks nice....we've been married for over 3 years now and the ring looks like it is new (sans the matte center) both in color (white gold) and quality. We had planned to upgrade our bands but he loves his ring so I'll get the upgrade *yay*. <end>
 B0000C4CKI  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  EXCELLENT Ring!  This ring is by far the best value in the sub $500 price point. I ordered this ring recently and am quite pleased to say the least. The picture absolutely does the ring no justice -- as the craftmanship is outstanding.You cannot go wrong choosing this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring at ANY price!!!  My wife and I decided to update our wedding bands this year for our anniversary. I wanted something different than the plain 4mm comfort-fit yellow gold band I had since our wedding. I looked at many specialty web sites and jewelry stores, but my wife and I both fell in love with this ring. When we saw the price we thought it was too good too be true! We ordered it and received it the following afternoon (with a free shipping promo)! It is stunning! The only minor issue is the ring seems to run a little big (maybe 1/2 a size). Because of the pattern on the ring, it is not able to be resized, but Amazon would let you return it for a new size if necessary. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I am not one to write reviews, but my husband and I are so very happy with this ring, that I could not resist sharing this with you. The picture cannot display how amazing this ring is. And, it is definitely a bargain for the price! <end>  Quite Lovely  The packaging and the ring itself were quite lovely. Also, my fiance, who is "comfort oriented," was thrilled with the fit. <end>  Excellent quality! Excellent value  My fiance' and I have been looking for rings for some time now. I found a ring identical to this at a local jeweler, but their prices were extraordinarily high. I had almost given up on being able to find the ring and then I came across this item on Amazon -- for almost 1/3 of the cost.The reviews I read sounded promising and I can tell you that I echo everything that has been posted already. Beautiful ring. Excellent finishing. Comfortable. It does run almost a half size big. This is a serious bargain. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! I bought this for my soon to be husband and he loves it! The center engraving makes this ring stand out among the same boring, shiny, flat wedding band. Just enough originality to make you take a second look! Comfort fit is also great!!! What a steal! <end>  Great price, quality  I was leery about an online jewelry purchase, but this is a great quality ring that is a steal for the price offered. Same ring is $600-$800 in most jewelry stores. Comfort fit also feels great! <end>  My husband loves this ring...  Unfortunately, my husband and I didn't pick out matching bands because he really likes his ring and I don't like mine. Nevertheless, as a previous reviewer said, this ring does run about a half a size bigger than it says so I would recommend that you keep this in mind when you purchase it because if you get it downsized (as my husband did) then the engraved matte inner band can't be salvaged. Even with the downsized ring it still looks nice....we've been married for over 3 years now and the ring looks like it is new (sans the matte center) both in color (white gold) and quality. We had planned to upgrade our bands but he loves his ring so I'll get the upgrade *yay*. <end>
 B0000C4CKV  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  EXCELLENT Ring!  This ring is by far the best value in the sub $500 price point. I ordered this ring recently and am quite pleased to say the least. The picture absolutely does the ring no justice -- as the craftmanship is outstanding.You cannot go wrong choosing this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring at ANY price!!!  My wife and I decided to update our wedding bands this year for our anniversary. I wanted something different than the plain 4mm comfort-fit yellow gold band I had since our wedding. I looked at many specialty web sites and jewelry stores, but my wife and I both fell in love with this ring. When we saw the price we thought it was too good too be true! We ordered it and received it the following afternoon (with a free shipping promo)! It is stunning! The only minor issue is the ring seems to run a little big (maybe 1/2 a size). Because of the pattern on the ring, it is not able to be resized, but Amazon would let you return it for a new size if necessary. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I am not one to write reviews, but my husband and I are so very happy with this ring, that I could not resist sharing this with you. The picture cannot display how amazing this ring is. And, it is definitely a bargain for the price! <end>  Quite Lovely  The packaging and the ring itself were quite lovely. Also, my fiance, who is "comfort oriented," was thrilled with the fit. <end>  Excellent quality! Excellent value  My fiance' and I have been looking for rings for some time now. I found a ring identical to this at a local jeweler, but their prices were extraordinarily high. I had almost given up on being able to find the ring and then I came across this item on Amazon -- for almost 1/3 of the cost.The reviews I read sounded promising and I can tell you that I echo everything that has been posted already. Beautiful ring. Excellent finishing. Comfortable. It does run almost a half size big. This is a serious bargain. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! I bought this for my soon to be husband and he loves it! The center engraving makes this ring stand out among the same boring, shiny, flat wedding band. Just enough originality to make you take a second look! Comfort fit is also great!!! What a steal! <end>  Great price, quality  I was leery about an online jewelry purchase, but this is a great quality ring that is a steal for the price offered. Same ring is $600-$800 in most jewelry stores. Comfort fit also feels great! <end>  My husband loves this ring...  Unfortunately, my husband and I didn't pick out matching bands because he really likes his ring and I don't like mine. Nevertheless, as a previous reviewer said, this ring does run about a half a size bigger than it says so I would recommend that you keep this in mind when you purchase it because if you get it downsized (as my husband did) then the engraved matte inner band can't be salvaged. Even with the downsized ring it still looks nice....we've been married for over 3 years now and the ring looks like it is new (sans the matte center) both in color (white gold) and quality. We had planned to upgrade our bands but he loves his ring so I'll get the upgrade *yay*. <end>
 B0000C4CL0  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  EXCELLENT Ring!  This ring is by far the best value in the sub $500 price point. I ordered this ring recently and am quite pleased to say the least. The picture absolutely does the ring no justice -- as the craftmanship is outstanding.You cannot go wrong choosing this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring at ANY price!!!  My wife and I decided to update our wedding bands this year for our anniversary. I wanted something different than the plain 4mm comfort-fit yellow gold band I had since our wedding. I looked at many specialty web sites and jewelry stores, but my wife and I both fell in love with this ring. When we saw the price we thought it was too good too be true! We ordered it and received it the following afternoon (with a free shipping promo)! It is stunning! The only minor issue is the ring seems to run a little big (maybe 1/2 a size). Because of the pattern on the ring, it is not able to be resized, but Amazon would let you return it for a new size if necessary. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I am not one to write reviews, but my husband and I are so very happy with this ring, that I could not resist sharing this with you. The picture cannot display how amazing this ring is. And, it is definitely a bargain for the price! <end>  Quite Lovely  The packaging and the ring itself were quite lovely. Also, my fiance, who is "comfort oriented," was thrilled with the fit. <end>  Excellent quality! Excellent value  My fiance' and I have been looking for rings for some time now. I found a ring identical to this at a local jeweler, but their prices were extraordinarily high. I had almost given up on being able to find the ring and then I came across this item on Amazon -- for almost 1/3 of the cost.The reviews I read sounded promising and I can tell you that I echo everything that has been posted already. Beautiful ring. Excellent finishing. Comfortable. It does run almost a half size big. This is a serious bargain. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! I bought this for my soon to be husband and he loves it! The center engraving makes this ring stand out among the same boring, shiny, flat wedding band. Just enough originality to make you take a second look! Comfort fit is also great!!! What a steal! <end>  Great price, quality  I was leery about an online jewelry purchase, but this is a great quality ring that is a steal for the price offered. Same ring is $600-$800 in most jewelry stores. Comfort fit also feels great! <end>  My husband loves this ring...  Unfortunately, my husband and I didn't pick out matching bands because he really likes his ring and I don't like mine. Nevertheless, as a previous reviewer said, this ring does run about a half a size bigger than it says so I would recommend that you keep this in mind when you purchase it because if you get it downsized (as my husband did) then the engraved matte inner band can't be salvaged. Even with the downsized ring it still looks nice....we've been married for over 3 years now and the ring looks like it is new (sans the matte center) both in color (white gold) and quality. We had planned to upgrade our bands but he loves his ring so I'll get the upgrade *yay*. <end>
 B0000C4CLD  Men's Titanium and 18k 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Beautiful ring  When the ring came I was very impressed, it looks even better in person than in the picture. Sadly, it was too big and had to be returned, but it would have been loved if it had been the right size. <end>
 B0000C4CLG  Men's Titanium and 18k 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Beautiful ring  When the ring came I was very impressed, it looks even better in person than in the picture. Sadly, it was too big and had to be returned, but it would have been loved if it had been the right size. <end>
 B0000C4CLP  Men's Titanium with 18k Yellow Gold 7mm Black and Gray Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  an amazing ring!  got this ring for my future husband. loved that it wasn't your everyday looking mans wedding band. And He loves it too. He wants to wear it now but I'm making him wait till the wedding day. That's just how much he loves the look of this ring. He will be so proud to show it off! <end>  Special Wedding Band  The ring is strong, simple, unique, and has great "eye-appeal". I love it and am completely happy with my purchase. As should be expected, having the 18K Gold stripe in the design, the ring does scratch. It doesn't matter, as it is a lovely ring and only improves (the sentimentality) with age (as we all do!!!) <end>  Husband's wedding band  My husband picked out this ring when we got married. I bought it for him, and it just looks amazing on him. It does have a few scratches (it's 7 months old) but I wouldn't go back and change it because it is so beautiful. <end>  LOVE IT!  I gave this ring to my husband for our 13th anniversary. His original gold ring was very beat up and way too big since he has lost a large amount of weight since our wedding. The Titanium of this ring is great. Besides the everyday wear it has to endure we are also building a house ourselves so it has to handle lots of banging. So far so good. It is also BEAUTIFUL! <end>  Please read this BEFORE you buy!  I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it. After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back. Turns out they WON'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars! I am livid! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased. This product was disappointing and customer service didn't help in the least. So sad. <end>  The odd one in  What caught my attention to this was not only the color but the lack of shine and odd color. My husband and I have been married twice, divorced once(you read right) and not once has HE had a wedding band. His job requires extensive use of his hands with small parts. This ring will withstand the dings other rings may be subject too. Since my husband isn't into the shine and sparkle of gold and diamonds, I was looking at white gold and saw this ring. I may buy it for him. Of course I need to finish my scouting first but this #1 so far. I think it's a beautiful, practical wedding band for any man who uses his hands a lot at work. Since this will be the first band he gets, I want it to be special, and I'm on a budget of 500 dollars so that works. This is a one of a kind. I recommend it. <end>
 B0000C6BNQ  Men's Sterling Silver Stud Set From The Metro Collection By Zina ||	  Nice, but too small  It was difficult to find shirt studs without cuff links, so when I came across these sterling silver studs, I purchased them. They are very nice - a good weight and quite dressy - but too small for the button holes on my husband's tuxedo shirt. The studs popped right out the first time he used them. <end>
 B0000C6BNW  Sterling Silver Men's Open Link Bracelet, 8.5" By Zina ||	  Sterling Silver Bracelet  The person above gives a lousy review in that it has nothing to do with the product itself. This bracelet is a good value for the price with a high quality finish to it. Thanks again Amazon! <end>  Item never Delivered,  My bracelet went back from (apartment complex office) and never got to me. A total waste of $110 as Amazon's tracking shows it as delivered while it was not. Amazon gave a credit back in my online account, That Credit never showed up on my credit card ever. It has been 8 weeks of back and forth with Amazon as Well as Amex, with no results or resolution. I am not giving up yet though. <end>
 B0000C6BNZ  Sterling Silver Men's Marrakesh Collection Chain Bracelet, 8.5" By Zina ||	  Beautiful But Flawed--the clasp doesn't hold  since amazon doesn't provide a way to directly contact this designer, zina, i have had to take the bracelet to my neighbor who is also a phenomenal silver jewelry designer to see if there's any way he can improve the clasp. The bracelet is gorgeous, but it's fallen off my fiancee's wrist several times in the one month he's had it, and the last time we couldn't find it for an entire day, so he's not wearing it anymore until this gets resolved. i'm disappointed that it's so difficult to deal directly with zina, as i'm sure they are quality-oriented. <end>
 B0000C6BOH  Sterling Silver Pendant With Onyx From The Swirl Collection, 16" By Zina ||	  Tiny Pendant  I got this necklace at a Friday sale for $35. Even with this discount price, I returned the item right away. The onyx pendant is the size of a small pea, and the silver finishing is defective with a significant area of "bare", unpolished spot on the tiny pendant. With this purchase, you are getting less than what you paid for. <end>
 B0000C6BP8  Zina Sterling Silver Necklace From The Swirl Collection, 17" ||	  Beautiful but Heavy  The necklace is really very beautiful. It is a little shorter than I expected and, also, it is rather heavy <end>
 B0000C7CCY  Twin Tiger Hooks ||	  Sang Pyo Gom (Twin Tiger Hooks)  The order was processed and shippped quickly. The weapons were in good condition, but the case had two small rips in it. I did not contact the seller about the rips to see if it could be replaced as I did not have time to do that at the time. <end>  not worth it  This is definatly not worth the money they sell it for. Though they were in great condition when I got them the product itself is very flimsy. These would be great for kids just learning the art but I would not recommend them for adults or tournament use as the light material makes technique look sloppy <end>
 B0000C85PL  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold 10K Eagle in Flight Pin / Tie Tac  Clothing ||	  Great gift  I bought this for my husband and he just loves it. Now his best friend wants one too! <end>
 B0000C85Q9  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold 10K Leaf Design Ankle Bracelet  Clothing ||	  Well Pleased  Very nice anklet. Well pleased with the item and the delivery. Well worth the money. <end>  Broken????  I received the product in good time, but after 2 days, it broke. I sent it back to the company and now almost 2 months later, I haven't heard from them or received my bracelet back. <end>
 B0000C85QL  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold Sterling Silver Bear Necklace  Clothing ||	  Golden Bear  Living in bear country the wife loved it and wears it all the time. A tad smaller than expected but well received. <end>
 B0000C8848  Sterling Silver Thin Granulated Ring by Lois Hill, Size 6 ||	  Lovely ring  I purchased this ring as a gift to myself and am delighted with it. I wanted something I could wear anytime and with anything. I have worn this to the office, on the weekends when dressed in jeans, and to a few dinners when dressed more for evening and it compliments everything. The ring is quite feminine and the design unique; however the weight of the ring gives it a durability that stands up to everyday activities. I have been more than pleased with my choice to purchase this ring and would recommend it to other women, or to those men looking for something special, yet not overpriced to give to the women in their lives. <end>
 B0000C887G  Sterling Silver Granulated and Scroll Stacking Bands Ring by Lois Hill, Size 8.5 ||	  Love this ring , Designer is Great !  This ring to be honest , I was scared to buy -- but it turned out to be one of the best of the Best> It was like the item you wanted but was scared to buy, and when you finally did it - you did not know why you were scared to buy it ! And you loved it.That is this ring. I purchased this item on the super saver delivery, so I was anxious till I recieved today. And let me tell you, I am thrilled with this product.! I do think this desginer, is the the Next Diane Malouf, or Konstantio.So In my small review , I am going to try and buy all I can from this desginer before it hits Neimans.!!!!!!SincerlyLisa Hightower <end>
 B0000C887H  Sterling Silver Granulated and Scroll Stacking Bands Ring by Lois Hill, Size 9 ||	  Love this ring , Designer is Great !  This ring to be honest , I was scared to buy -- but it turned out to be one of the best of the Best> It was like the item you wanted but was scared to buy, and when you finally did it - you did not know why you were scared to buy it ! And you loved it.That is this ring. I purchased this item on the super saver delivery, so I was anxious till I recieved today. And let me tell you, I am thrilled with this product.! I do think this desginer, is the the Next Diane Malouf, or Konstantio.So In my small review , I am going to try and buy all I can from this desginer before it hits Neimans.!!!!!!SincerlyLisa Hightower <end>
 B0000CASZZ  Amazon.com  3-piece Pearl Jewelry Set, WHITE  Clothing ||	  Cheap more for kids  This is awful. It looks more like really cheap costume jewlry. I was very dissapointed in this. The earings fell off the the backing the first time I wore them, and the necklace and bracelet do not latch. It is a piece of junk. <end>
 B0000CC5HV  14k Yellow and White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  Cute diamond stacking ring  This is a slim ring with very small diamonds. But it is well-made and the diamonds really sparkle. Although it is smaller than I had expected I am really pleased with it. I use it as a stacker ring and it really adds a punch without over-whelming the other ring. <end>
 B0000CC5HW  14k Yellow and White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  Cute diamond stacking ring  This is a slim ring with very small diamonds. But it is well-made and the diamonds really sparkle. Although it is smaller than I had expected I am really pleased with it. I use it as a stacker ring and it really adds a punch without over-whelming the other ring. <end>
 B0000CDE5T  18k White Gold Diamond (.92ctw) Deco Style Eternity Stack Ring w/ Beaded Detail, Size 6 by Diana Heimann ||	  HURTS!!!!  This ring is gorgeous and so cute to look at, but it is truly PAINFUL to wear!!! It was cutting into my fingers after only a few minutes of wearing it. I bought it when it was $300 and I sent it back because it wasn't worth it to reset the diamonds in a less sharp setting. <end>
 B0000CDVV8  Sterling Silver Flat Wheat Link Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  A Great Everyday Bracelet  I love silver and got this bracelet to replace a bangle bracelet I have worn a lot. The link bracelet does not crush into my wrist when I am performing normal daily tasks. The flat wheat link is brilliantly shiny and substantial looking. I am buying a necklace like it next. <end>  HIGH FASHION AT A BARGAIN PRICE  Fashionistas are very much aware that silver jewelry by John Hardy is one of the hottest items around, and this flat wheat bracelet looks very much like one of his designs yet it is about 1/8 the price.You receive a top quality Sterling Silver bracelet with a high fashion look, and the price is unbelievable. <end>  Great bracelet  I love this bracelet - like another reviewer stated; this is a substantial piece and it feels great on the wrist. A fabulous buy at $25.00. <end>  Can't stop buying this bracelet  I first purchased this for myself over a year ago and got so many compliments, I've since purchased TWO more as gifts. This is a very striking bracelet and the flat wheat links give the appearance of a Celtic woven pattern. It is my favorite silver bracelet out of the many that I own; I wear it every day. It would not be a surprise if I buy a few more as gifts this year. <end>  Sterling Bracelet  The bracelet is great. Very sturdy and beautiful. Great value for the money. <end>
 B0000CDVVA  Sterling Silver Byzantine Bracelet, 8" ||	  Nice substantial bracelet, "showy" piece  This bracelet is a good width and a good weight. This is not a piece that goes unnoticed on the wrist. If you are a woman that likes "big" jewelry this is a nice piece.I like this bracelet enough that I am planning on purchasing a necklace to wear with this and I am a picky consumer. This piece is equally nice with jeans or a black suit.I recommend both this product and this seller. <end>  Not a true 8'' bracelet  This silver bracelet is pretty enough and also a nice weight, but, if you like a true 8" fit this won't do it. It only measures 7 1/2 inches! This makes a big difference in the comfort. It's very pretty so I kept it, but will only wear it for good because of tight fit. I purchased it with wearing it everyday in mind. Please state true size of jewelry in the future. Doris Zepke <end>  Nice bracelet.  I have received many compliments on the Sterling Silver Byzantine Bracelet, 7.5". It is a nice size (~1/4" diameter). It is a beautiful link. It is a really nice peice  perfect for both casual and formal wear. The only things I did not like are that the bracelet is not totally cylindrical (it is flat on one side) and some of the links are welded together (not that this really matters because no one can see this). However, compared to the byzantine bracelet I had had in the past, it is fantastic. That one kept breaking apart any time it got caught on anything because the rings were not welded closed. The fact that these are (even if some are welded together) is a fantastic feature. <end>  Real sleek n shiny ... but not for MEN  The work done on the bracelet, quality all is great but for some reason this was featured as one of the top seller bracelet for MEN... that gotta be wrong .. its just too flashy. I got it for myself but ended up giving it to my gf ... looks great on her! <end>  Very nice!  Great gift! It looks more expensive than it is. My husband purchased it for me & I love it. I am going to order the matching necklace as well. I like it because it looks good with jeans or a suit. It is lightweight but appears heavy. Very nice! <end>  Really pretty bracelet  I recieved a bracelet that was as advertised and fairly priced. The bracelet was in perfect condition and nicely packaged. It arrived promptly after I paid for it and I would happily do business with these people again.Thank you! <end>  Love it!  This bracelet is a wonderful purchase. Not only is it exceedingly beautiful, but it feels great against the skin. No chafing or catching at the tiny hairs on my arm. The detail is exactly what you see in the picture and it sparkles all too well. <end>  Gorgeous silver bracelet  I was very impressed with this bracelet. Excellent quality. I purchased it as a gift for my 23 year old niece and she loved it! I plan on purchasing another one for myself. <end>  Disappointed  I ordered this bracelet as a Christmas gift for my best friend. Based on the reviews, it seemed to be a really nice product at a decent price. However, upon receipt of the bracelet, I was so disappointed in its quality that I felt the need to purchase another gift to give along with the bracelet. <end>  very pretty  I was pleasantly surpised at how pretty the braclet is and I have worn it MANY times - very pleased with the quality and how sturdy it seems to be. <end>  Great bracelet design!!  I really love the way the links on this bracelet look, and how it sits on the wrist. My only problem is that the description says it's sterling silver, and all the other sterling silver items I have usually get that cool dark tarnish, which adds a good bit of depth to the piece...that's not happening with this bracelet, which I'm interpreting as the item being silver-plated rather than sterling silver - but then I'm not a silversmith. The depth added to emphasize the dimensions and intricacy of the weave was part of the reason I originally wanted this bracelet! But I still enjoy it, and have been wearing it for about a month & a half now. It's a great deal for the price paid!! <end>  A bit blingie  Product is as described, both written and in the image. I bought it as a mans bracelet for my husband when in truth it looks like a girls bracelet (and he has been told so) It is a little on the bright and shiney side of silver, needs to tarnish some. Buy this item for a women and you'll be happy, men leave it alone. Good quality for the price. <end>  A disappointing bracelet  In the picture, this bracelet looked just like one I lost while on a trip with my husband. This bracelet in hand, looks cheap and gaudy--it definately was NOT a replacement for my lost bracelet. It is still in the box it came in--don't know what I'll do with it. Does anyone want a never worn Sterling Silver Byzantine Bracelet, 8" that really doesn't look as nice as the picture? I'll sell it--I really don't even rate it 1 star! <end>  Really attractive good value bracelet  Ordered this very attractive bracelet last week. It arrived within 6 days.I was more than pleased with the bracelet the minute I opened the parcel.It is of good quality and certainly looks more expensive than the price paid. Very Pleased. <end>  Excellent Value  I purchased this bracelet for my wife for christmas and she loves it. Not only was the styling gorgeous but it was half the price some of the other comparable bracelets I considered purchasing. <end>  Really nice bracelet  I wanted a sturdy, suitable for everyday wear, silver bracelet. I am very pleased with this item. It looks nice on my wrist. It is comfortable to wear. Nice width, looks substantial without looking bulky. Good value for the price. Quick delivery. <end>  Love it!  I love this bracelet!! More than I would have hoped for - it is very very eye-catching. Would definately recommend it!! <end>  Beautiful  I received this as a gift from my husband and had priced several similar bracelets previously. This one was the best price, and upon arrival looked as good or better than comparable pieces. It's a nice medium-sized piece, not too big to be gaudy and not to small either. I've received compliments every time I've worn it. <end>  Silver lover  Poor quality did not look at all as pictured and I returned it to Amazon. <end>  I like it  This is the first time I settled for "byzantine" style of jewelry but I like it. It is a big and shining bracelet that perfectly matches with dark or black clothes. It would make an excellent gift for a man especially if the guy is not skinny. <end>  An affordable piece of fine jewelry  This was a Valentine's Day present for my daughter, a teacher in Tampa, FL. I haven't seen it on her wrist, yet, but she says that everyone notices it and makes very favorable comments about it. It is shipped in a rich blue velour draw-string jewelry bag which is packed in a very nice box. When my daughter is happy, I'm happy! <end>
 B0000CDVVB  Sterling Silver Byzantine Necklace, 17" ||	  Not exactly what I expected  This is a pretty necklace but I did not discern from the picture that the larger, graduated section in the front was somewhat flattened. The flat part doesn't always lay as it should. Still not bad, especially for the price. <end>  A really nice piece  This necklace is really beautiful & stylish. I have received many compliments for it. <end>
 B0000CDVVG  Sterling Silver "Huggs & Kisses" Charm Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Not as I expected  For the price, I was expecting the metal to be much heavier. The charms are hollow, so they are not solid silver. This leads to an impression that the bracelet feels cheap. <end>
 B0000CDVVL  Sterling Silver Rectangular Key Ring ||	  Not very rugged.  This product is sterling silver, but was smaller, lighter and not as solid as I expected. This was a gift for my husband, and the rotating closure was lost within a few months of purchasing it. <end>
 B0000CEM9L  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 7.5 ||	  Diamond fell out six weeks after I received it.  This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary. The ring, itself, is beautiful, and we loved it. My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings. However, less than six weeks after we received this ring (I bought it on April 1, 2004), she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out (on May 17, 2004). She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet. She is so disappointed, and I feel embarrassed, as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry. The ring is now in its box, and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have. Amazon has auto-emailed a response, indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days. I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out. I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon doesn't make repairs to jewelry. I now must call and demand help. Don't buy this ring. <end>
 B0000CEM9S  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 9 ||	  Diamond fell out six weeks after I received it.  This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary. The ring, itself, is beautiful, and we loved it. My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings. However, less than six weeks after we received this ring (I bought it on April 1, 2004), she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out (on May 17, 2004). She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet. She is so disappointed, and I feel embarrassed, as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry. The ring is now in its box, and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have. Amazon has auto-emailed a response, indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days. I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out. I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon doesn't make repairs to jewelry. I now must call and demand help. Don't buy this ring. <end>
 B0000CEMBE  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 7.5 ||	  Beautiful ring alone or next to a solitaire  I just received this ring and was impressed. It's very pretty on, very dainty. I bought it to wear next to my solitaire engagement ring and it looks beautiful with it. The diamonds are small of course, but the ring itself is thin, so the diamonds stand out and it has great sparkle. When your hand is in a natural position, it looks like the diamonds go all the way around the ring. I shopped around and this is an amazing price for this ring, some cheap mall jewelers were charging $200+ for lower quality!! I would highly recommend it! <end>  Beautiful ring - pleasantly surprised!  I just received this ring for my wedding in August and I am very happy with it. It looks exactly like the picture except more sparkly in person. It is perfect next to my marquise solitaire. It is thin and feminine, which I was looking for. Many like this that I tried on in jewelry stores were either too wide or tall when compared to the band for my engagement ring. This is only slightly larger and looks perfect.How many jewelers offer returns within 30 days? Plus, it's free shipping! <end>  The Best Wedding Band for Solitare Diamond Rings  My husband bought me this ring for our wedding and it is absolutely spectacular!!! The same ring in a jewelry store cost around $295.00, therefore, we were a bit skeptical of buying it on Amazon.com. As soon as we saw it though, it was even more beautiful than the ones in the stores. It fits perfectly with my 1 carat solitare round diamond ring. Highly recommend!! <end>
 B0000CEMBI  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 8.5 ||	  Beautiful ring alone or next to a solitaire  I just received this ring and was impressed. It's very pretty on, very dainty. I bought it to wear next to my solitaire engagement ring and it looks beautiful with it. The diamonds are small of course, but the ring itself is thin, so the diamonds stand out and it has great sparkle. When your hand is in a natural position, it looks like the diamonds go all the way around the ring. I shopped around and this is an amazing price for this ring, some cheap mall jewelers were charging $200+ for lower quality!! I would highly recommend it! <end>  Beautiful ring - pleasantly surprised!  I just received this ring for my wedding in August and I am very happy with it. It looks exactly like the picture except more sparkly in person. It is perfect next to my marquise solitaire. It is thin and feminine, which I was looking for. Many like this that I tried on in jewelry stores were either too wide or tall when compared to the band for my engagement ring. This is only slightly larger and looks perfect.How many jewelers offer returns within 30 days? Plus, it's free shipping! <end>  The Best Wedding Band for Solitare Diamond Rings  My husband bought me this ring for our wedding and it is absolutely spectacular!!! The same ring in a jewelry store cost around $295.00, therefore, we were a bit skeptical of buying it on Amazon.com. As soon as we saw it though, it was even more beautiful than the ones in the stores. It fits perfectly with my 1 carat solitare round diamond ring. Highly recommend!! <end>
 B0000CEMBU  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  Unexpected...  This ring is much narrower than we expected - looking at the photo I thought it would be at least 3 mm....they are much thinner & the diamonds are teeny tiny. I ordered two, one for each side of my engagement ring. Didn't like it, sent them back. <end>  Great for the price!  I was very pleasantly surprised when I received this ring. The diamonds are clear and sparkly and the band is 3mm wide. Not the most showy of diamond rings but it looks delicate and elegant, which I prefer. It goes great with my plain white-gold wedding band. And you can't beat the price - I found comparable bands and even lower quality rings going for a higher price at other online sites and in my local jewelry stores. <end>  What a nice ring!  I just received this ring and it is adorable. It is dainty and was just what I was looking for. A nice accent to a solitare ring. The stones looked great even with a loop. A great price for .50 ct.! <end>
 B0000CEMBW  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  Unexpected...  This ring is much narrower than we expected - looking at the photo I thought it would be at least 3 mm....they are much thinner & the diamonds are teeny tiny. I ordered two, one for each side of my engagement ring. Didn't like it, sent them back. <end>  Great for the price!  I was very pleasantly surprised when I received this ring. The diamonds are clear and sparkly and the band is 3mm wide. Not the most showy of diamond rings but it looks delicate and elegant, which I prefer. It goes great with my plain white-gold wedding band. And you can't beat the price - I found comparable bands and even lower quality rings going for a higher price at other online sites and in my local jewelry stores. <end>  What a nice ring!  I just received this ring and it is adorable. It is dainty and was just what I was looking for. A nice accent to a solitare ring. The stones looked great even with a loop. A great price for .50 ct.! <end>
 B0000CEMBX  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 7.5 ||	  Unexpected...  This ring is much narrower than we expected - looking at the photo I thought it would be at least 3 mm....they are much thinner & the diamonds are teeny tiny. I ordered two, one for each side of my engagement ring. Didn't like it, sent them back. <end>  Great for the price!  I was very pleasantly surprised when I received this ring. The diamonds are clear and sparkly and the band is 3mm wide. Not the most showy of diamond rings but it looks delicate and elegant, which I prefer. It goes great with my plain white-gold wedding band. And you can't beat the price - I found comparable bands and even lower quality rings going for a higher price at other online sites and in my local jewelry stores. <end>  What a nice ring!  I just received this ring and it is adorable. It is dainty and was just what I was looking for. A nice accent to a solitare ring. The stones looked great even with a loop. A great price for .50 ct.! <end>
 B0000CEMEI  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 7.5 ||	  sparkle..sparkle..sparkle.....  I just recieved this ring a few days ago...and i must say..i'm VERY impressed.. because the price was so low i thought maybe it would be like those jewelry store bands that are kinda cloudy and dont sparkle very much..but it is gorgeous..the princess stones sparkle and have great fire in them..especially in the sunlight...i would HIGHLY recommend this ring...it looks great with a solitare.. <end>
 B0000CEMFZ  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1ctw, I, I1), Size 5.5 ||	  Wow! Really Beautiful!  This ring is beautiful. I returned it because it is too big/wide for my finger but the diamonds are an EXCELLENT quality. This ring is worth every penny. <end>
 B0000CEMG6  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1ctw, I, I1), Size 7.5 ||	  Wow! Really Beautiful!  This ring is beautiful. I returned it because it is too big/wide for my finger but the diamonds are an EXCELLENT quality. This ring is worth every penny. <end>
 B0000CEMH6  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  agutter  I shopped around at local businesses for the same ring. Most stores only sold an SI2, but they were about $800.00. This ring is worth the money, if you can not afford the higher quality. It does not look any different and is very pretty. I am using it as a wedding band next to my higher quality engagement ring and the diamonds look the same. I had it verbally appraised and the dealer said he would think it was worth about $500.00. <end>
 B0000CEYBN  PalmBeach Jewelry 2-Piece Army Ring/Pin Set ||	  Cheaply made  The ring is very cheaply made. The stone seems to be glued into the metal and the inside is open where you can see the bottom. I wasn't expecting top quality for the price but I won't wear this in public. <end>  corrected shipment  Incorrect item sent. Adjustment was made. However container was smashed. This was to have been a gift. The final ring seemed of good quality and the recipient liked it quite well. <end>
 B0000CFZYN  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (1/3cttw, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  Great Ring  My fiance` loved this ring and wears it proudly and shows it off daily.She was brought to tears by how beautiful it is.When it becomes available again guys and you have special lady in your life,get this ring or one simular to it and she will love you for it. <end>
 B0000CG06C  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (3/8cttw, H, SI2), Size 8.5 ||	  Very Elegant!  I bought this ring not too long ago and proposed to my girlfriend. When I showed her the ring, she wept with happiness. It completely took her breath away. I am VERY pleased with the way it came out. It looks 100 times more briliant and shiny than it does in the picture. Excellant value too! I was kind of taking a leap of faith so to speek, by buying an engagement ring without seeing it in person first, but I am 100% happy with the result, and so is my Fiance! I would reccomend this ring to anyone. <end>  Gorgeous ring  My fiance bought this ring for me to honor our recent engagement, and I was blown away by the sheer brilliance of the center princess cut diamond. It far surpasses the specifications listed, as far as clarity and cut goes. My only complaint is that my fiance said that shipping was very slow, but definitely well worth the wait! <end>
 B0000CG06K  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (5/8cttw, H, SI2), Size 4 ||	  I said yes! =P  My fiance surprised me on my birthday with a marriage proposal, he asked me at night on the beach so I could not see the ring, but the diamonds sparkle so much I actually saw the sparkling in the moonlight! This ring is gorgeous, it shines and sparkles so nicely the photos on here don't do this ring real justice. This ring also came appraised at over double what it costs here, it's truely a great deal at this price. The center stone on mine actually is .5 ct not .45 ct like the description says here. The only downside to ordering from here, and why I rated 4 stars rather than 5 is that my fiance said the ring took a very long time to deliver (it was delayed beyond their original estimate). <end>  WOW  I must say that I am some what partial because it is my engagement ring, but it is gorgous! When my fiance got down on one knee, the tears started flowing, I was so suprised. Through the tears all I could see was sparkles, I knew it had to be beautiful! Although the description says that the clarity and color are atleast h, sI2, my ring was certified colorless, and apprasied at 3 times the price that he purchased it for! The quality of the ring is wonderful as well, the setting is thick and sturdy, not cheap and hollowed out like most rings you see at the jewlery counter! <end>
 B0000CG07G  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (5/8cttw, H, SI2), Size 5 ||	  I said yes! =P  My fiance surprised me on my birthday with a marriage proposal, he asked me at night on the beach so I could not see the ring, but the diamonds sparkle so much I actually saw the sparkling in the moonlight! This ring is gorgeous, it shines and sparkles so nicely the photos on here don't do this ring real justice. This ring also came appraised at over double what it costs here, it's truely a great deal at this price. The center stone on mine actually is .5 ct not .45 ct like the description says here. The only downside to ordering from here, and why I rated 4 stars rather than 5 is that my fiance said the ring took a very long time to deliver (it was delayed beyond their original estimate). <end>  WOW  I must say that I am some what partial because it is my engagement ring, but it is gorgous! When my fiance got down on one knee, the tears started flowing, I was so suprised. Through the tears all I could see was sparkles, I knew it had to be beautiful! Although the description says that the clarity and color are atleast h, sI2, my ring was certified colorless, and apprasied at 3 times the price that he purchased it for! The quality of the ring is wonderful as well, the setting is thick and sturdy, not cheap and hollowed out like most rings you see at the jewlery counter! <end>
 B0000CGHRB  18k Yellow Gold Round Brilliant Center with Round Side Stones Ring (1/3ctw, I, I1) Size 4 ||	  Wonderful and beautiful!  I gave this ring to my girlfriend when I proposed to her on Valentine's Day. She absolutely loves it. For a small diamond, it really does sparkle, and the center stone is enhanced by the three small stones on each side. The stone has amazing color and clarity; to the naked eye, you cannot see any color or imperfection. This ring is very classy and tasteful; since the proposal, I have received many compliments on my selection. If you're looking for a beautiful ring that will make your bride-to-be very happy, I highly recommend this one! <end>
 B0000CNVO9  Platinum Round Brilliant Cut Classic Solitaire Ring (1 ct, G, VS2), Size 7 ||	  Exceeded expectations and quality.  I was extremely impressed with this ring. It has great fire, great shine, great polish, and is .15 carats larger than what I ordered. This was my first major purchase on Amazon and I was hesitant about spending that much money but it was definately worth it. Probably the best purchase I've ever made. The IGI certificate that came with it valued the entire piece at about 5x what I payed. Talk about a deal! A hometown independant jeweler also confirmed the appraisal. I almost feel guilty about paying so little for the ring (almost.) Great job Amazon, I can't wait to see the look on my girlfriend's face when she sees this ring! <end>
 B0000CNWSZ  14k White Gold Princess Cut Classic Solitaire Ring (1/2 ct, H, SI2), Size 6.5 ||	  Great Value!!!  I recently bought this ring for my fiance. It is a beautiful ring and was much less expensive than what we saw at local jewlry stores. I highly recomend this product.I was however shipped the incorrect size, however I was reimburssed for the cost of having it resized at a local store. Dispite the problem with the ring size, I received great customer service and prompt replies. <end>
 B0000DFT8S  Wristkey Keychain ||	  Float them or Lose them  Very impressed with this product. I have 3 keys on mine wight is about a quarter pound and this Magnificent Key Chain still flouts. This is a must have for all you boaters. <end>  Works as described  This is great for 2 or so keys, as indicated by the tag on the keychain. Wouldn't be buoyant enough for anything weighing much more than that. <end>
 B0000DGKIP  Cleveland Browns Pierced "Browns Football" 1/4" Charm - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Smaller than anticipated  I know the description said 1/4", but I didn't expect it to be so small. You can barely notice it around my husband's neck, but he loves it!The quality is pretty good. <end>
 B0000DGLBP  Small "Dolphin" Ladies' Ring Size 6 1/2 - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  beautiful ring  Bought this ring for my daughters 14th birthday and she really loves it. <end>
 B0000DGLZ8  Standard Caduceus Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Muy peque&ntilde;o  Me lo imaginaba el doble del tama&ntilde;o real. Fue la &uacute;nica decepci&oacute;n que me lleve con este producto. De resto me pareci&oacute; excelente. <end>
 B0000DGMEM  Alabama Crimson Tide Script Pierced "A Football" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Wrong Item  This piece of jewelry is NOT an Alabama piece---it must belong to some college that has a P, as in Penn State maybe.... I think this is just an honest mistake of whomever loaded the picture into Amazon... it just needs to be moved to the correct college's section... <end>
 B0000DGO11  Iowa Hawkeyes Sterling Silver Tiger Hawk Ring Size 11 ||	  iowa ring  This ring I wouldn't recommend, because it tarnish's which I purchased for my husband for a birthday gift. Very disappointed.Would not recommend to my friends. <end>
 B0000DGOJ4  Indianapolis Colts Sterling Silver Horseshoe 3/8'' Ring Size 6 ||	  Nice Ring  Nice ring, thought it would be heavyer wieght than it was. Ring arrived on time and packaging was very well done. <end>
 B0000DH1A0  Georgia Bulldogs Sterling Silver Bulldog Ring Size 10 1/2 ||	  Not very attractive but true to the Georgia Bulldog Logo  This ring is very true to the Georgia Bulldog logo.However, if you are looking for a more attractive, artistic ring that would be great for fans of bulldogs in general (including bulldog mascot fans of any kind), I recommend checking out the ring selection at [...]He has animal rings of several kinds - all available in sterling silver. <end>
 B0000DH4Q9  North Carolina Tar Heels "Seal" Pendant - 14KT Gold Jewelry ||	  Gift  This gift was well received and made the person very happy I looked for this for a long time and finaly found it on Amozon <end>
 B0000DH7M5  Track Winged Foot Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  10 stars!  On a daily basis I recieve compliments on my beautiful pendant! I have wanted one for many years now, I had just not found one I actually liked. The pattern is characteristic of exactly what I envision for a winged shoe. It is light weight and durable and adds a delightful little jingle to a dreary day. I am very pleased with the quality and look of my gorgeous necklace. Buy one for you and have two on hand for gifts to other runners because they will enjoy it as well. <end>
 B0000DHXP5  MLB New York Yankees Sterling Silver NY Pendant ||	  Shipping was way too slow but the charm is really nice!  I ordered my pendant from David's Jewelers but this is the same one. The pendant I recieved was proportionate to what a pendant size in relation to a chain should look like. It looks good with my 3.0 mm 24 inch chain. Unless you are giving the 1/2 inch size to a baby, small child, or as a charm for a bracelet, don't bother ordering that one. Shipping took a very long time but customer service was top notch and the end product was worth the wait. <end>  Kind of Chincy....  I was pretty excited to find this pendant because my husband loves the Yankees. I bought this as a Christmas gift.Well, after about 5-6 of wearing it, we noticed it had tarnished terribly on the side that was against his skin. The description states that it is Rhodium plated, but I have to truly wonder if it is, or how much, with the way the pendant current looks.My husband has worn other sterling silver jewelry continually without issue, so I don't think it's his body chemistry reacting to the metal.To be honest the metal looks as though I had bought it from a corner drugstore. I would not recommend this, for the price; it should not be looking like this after 6-8 weeks of wear. I looked into the return policy on it, and it's just too much hassle. <end>  Love the Yankees  I have been a Yankee fan my entire life and decided I wanted to have something of the team on my key ring. This is the perfect size charm. The quality is great and if I ever decide to remove it, I can wear as a necklace. I am thrilled with my MLB New York Yankees pendant!! <end>  Too small!!!  After recieving the product 3 and a half weeks later, I found the 1/2 inch pendant was ridiculously tiny for the price. Like "tiny" for a charm bracelet "tiny". However, I contacted the seller who immediately exchanged my purchase for a larger version at no additional charge. The pendant I recieved was the 3/4 inch and it is proportionate to what a pendant size in relation to a chain should look like. I'm much happier with the 3/4 inch pendant and it looks good with my 3.0 mm 24 inch chain! In other words, unless you are giving the 1/2 inch size to a baby, small child, or as a charm for a bracelet, don't bother ordering this. Shipping takes a very long time but customer service was top notch and the end product was worth the wait. <end>  I like it  Here we see it on many caps and I have never see that as a pendant but I like it. <end>
 B0000DZ5HE  PalmBeach Jewelry Men&apos;s 4.00 TCW Round Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Polished Textured Ring ||	  Love the bling!  This ring really looks like the real deal. I did some research on Zirconia and learned that it is more flawless than a diamond and that it takes a very skilled gemologist to tell the difference between Cubic Zirconia and diamonds. This gem refracts light better than diamonds! <end>
 B0000DZ5HF  PalmBeach Jewelry Men&apos;s 4.00 TCW Round Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Polished Textured Ring ||	  Love the bling!  This ring really looks like the real deal. I did some research on Zirconia and learned that it is more flawless than a diamond and that it takes a very skilled gemologist to tell the difference between Cubic Zirconia and diamonds. This gem refracts light better than diamonds! <end>  Love the bling!  This ring really looks like the real deal. I did some research on Zirconia and learned that it is more flawless than a diamond and that it takes a very skilled gemologist to tell the difference between Cubic Zirconia and diamonds. This gem refracts light better than diamonds! <end>
 B0000DZ5IP  Men&apos;s 5/8 TCW Square MI.D.night Blue Genuine Sapphire Diamond Accent Sterling Silver Classic Ring ||	  Overpriced  Looks very pretty...However, the exact same ring sells for under $100 at other online retailers...just google it before you buy. <end>  Men's ring  I bought this ring for my boyfriend in advance for Valentine's Day. It was only $99.99, so I decided I had better purchase it now before it goes back up to $200. This was my first online purchase, so I was nervous about how it would arrive, if it would be paid correctly, and if the item would really look like what it did in the picture.Palm Beach Jewelry's service is excellent. I got updated to expedited shipping with no cost to me. Of course, the ring was paid for correctly, so that helped my anxiety level. At last, the ring looked just like and even better than what was pictured. It came in really great condition, very shiny, with pretty little princess cut sapphires. It arrived in a neat suede-like crimson box.One thing that I wondered about was the little diamond in the center of the sapphires. I thought that it would be a diamond, but it is metal.Overall, I rate my service to be excellent, my order arrived sooner than scheduled, the ring is beautiful, and I am sure that it will make someone very happy. <end>
 B0000DZJVU  Detroit Red Wings "Logo" 5/8" Men's Ring Size 11 - 14KT Gold Jewelry ||	  Red Wings??  Unless I'm suddenly senile.....that's a Blackhawks logo.... <end>
 B0000DZKH4  Goalie Mask 1" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  better than I expected  This is a beautiful hockey goalie charm. It has a nice finish and nice hockey goalie mask details.great for any hockey fan and makes a nice gift. <end>  nice piece  The goalie mask is very nice but the clasp is too small to put on most necklaces. So now I have to go to a jeweler and see if I can get one.Otherwise the shipping and dealing with this seller was great. <end>  Very Nice  This item arrived on time and was packaged nicely to give as a gift. My daughter loved it! It is a very nice piece and the details are very clear and sharp. <end>
 B0000E1MS9  Sapphires and Diamond Heart Pendant ||	  Wasnt in stock...  wasn't in stock when online it said it was.. took about 2 and a halfweeks to get the item. Customer service was helpful but only after i emialed first. <end>
 B0000E1NFR  Heart-shaped Blue Topaz & Diamond Heart Ring ||	  like I said just breath taking  Wow My Wife realy will love this ring when i give it to her this Christmas!!! I am hoping it gets me a little play to from the old lady!! <end>
 B0000E1NJH  Pink Tourmaline and Diamond Engraved Ring ||	  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>
 B0000E1NLZ  1.00 ct.tw Princess-cut Solitaire Ring 18k ||	  DIAMANTES DIAMANTES  I LOVE DIAMONDS, IN THIS CASE THERE WAS NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION FOR ME TO EVALUATE DIAMON GETS 5 DESCRIPTION 0. <end>
 B0000E1VVX  Earring File (Clear) (5"W x 5"D x 7 1/4"H) ||	  Not for hoops  Probably seemed like a good idea to someone, but it totally does not work if you have hoop earrings....which I do and quite a few pairs at that, ranging in size from small to 3.5" in diameter. Look again, there is no way these will fit in this design. My long dangly earrings don't fare too well either as the rows are too close together so long earrings overlap onto those below; also if you have spring ear wire types (french wires?) they are almost impossible to put onto this. Bottom line  too limited to bother with at least for my big earring collection <end>  Not bad..  This is a neat holder except that you can't put smaller hoops on it because they won't "wrap" around the plastic. <end>  if you are an earring-aholic like me= PERFECT!  NOPE, it won't hold small hoops, but it will give you room for your danglies and chandaliers and regular question-mark wires, and if they fall, they're still safe. Plus, keeps the dust and yuck off. Much, Much better than the fold out kind that makes your earrings go every where when you unfold it. I have cats and this keeps the earrings safe from becoming "prey" but also easily accessible early in the morning when I am under-caffeinated and clumsy. Yeah, I had to get another kind of rack for my hoops and I have a pretty box for my posts, but I have 2 of these for my bigguns and got rid of the the accordian-style one. <end>  Great Product  I was looking for an item that can hold all my earrings in an easy location. In addition I wanted to make sure incase an earring fell out it wouldnt fall onto a counter and that is what is so great about this product. It encases all my earrings and is visually appealing too. Friends always comment on the display. <end>  Earring Organizer  This product is totally awesome, every woman should have this. Easy to access earrings and looks lovely on a dresser. I would definitely buy for a gift. <end>  Earring File  I really like the way this product looks. However it is a little difficult to hang the earrings. <end>  Earring box  I purchased this item as a gift for a friend.When she opened it, she was thrilled, and I was surprised; it was better quality than I had expected.Marilyn <end>  Loved the Earring Case  I wanted something small to hold my earrings and really enjoy being able to see through the case to make a quick selection. I also have small hoops that I can also store in the case. I'm pleased that I ordered this case. <end>  great product  I have a larger one that is filled so I got this one for my "special" earrings and I love it. Holds lots of different sizes.Great product. <end>
 B0000E1VW7  Bracelet Jewelry Organizer by Neatnix ||	  Velvet Jewelry Tray  Beautiful trays. My jewelry fits so nice in them. I would recommend this product for anyone who wants to protect their jewelry. <end>
 B0000E2PC4  Angel Sales ASI7700 Acu Slim Magnetic Earrings ||	  Don't buy them!  Earrings are painful to wear and did not curb appetite. FAIL! Do not buy them. It's a complete waste of your money. <end>  Comfort that works  I ordered my earrings on line and got them quickly. I was surprised how easy there were to put on and how comfortable they are. I noticed a difference right away. I have not had cravings. Actually, food is less appealing. Thanks for the product. <end>  Magnetic earring review.  Thanks for the great product and service. My grand child loved them since she can't wear pierced earrings. Will order again in the future. <end>  Acu Stim Earrings  They definitely help lessen your appitite, however my ears were sore after wearing for about 3 hours and the next few days I tried to wear them off and on and to increase the wearing time. If you have a good pain tolerance you may not notice any discomfort, as for me my ears lobes were swollen and I had to stop wearing them for 4 days. <end>  Disappointed in workmanship  I was disappointed in the workmanship, since I had only worn the gold ones for about 4 hours and a portion of the front piece broke off. Haven't tried the pearl ones yet. <end>  magnetic earrings  I have arthritic hands and found it very difficult to put earrings on by myself. I honestly do not feel that they are what they are advertised to be and would not purchase or recommend. The shipping time and response to my order was great. <end>  Magnet Earrings  I bought the earrings to wear for looks, since I don't want to get my ears re-pierced. They look great but are very strong magnets. Can usually only wear for couple of hours and my ear lobes hurt. But for the most part they serve the purpose for an evening out. Just not for all day wear. I havent noticed them cutting down on my appetite ect, and have worn them as recommended for 1 hour or more prior to eating. Also found they look great on blouses that I do not want to put pin marks on, I use all four and make a cluster of the pearl and gold tone earrings. Over all glad I purchased the earrings a great value for the price. <end>  Broken Earrings.  One of the earrings is fine and the other one the magnet is in wrong or something, they won't stick together. <end>
 B0000E6HE0  Sterling Round Cut Out Puffed Ear Wire ||	  Very versatile  I was very surprised to receive these earrings for Christmas. I know that these will become my go-to pair of earrings. They are big enough to be seen, but not so gargantuan that they are overly-heavy or hoochie. I especially like the little pouch included to keep them in.Great bargain and great item. <end>
 B0000EROK4  Diamond Eternity Band In 14kt White Gold. Size 8 ||	  Nice ring  The ring is very pretty and just as advertised, SHE is very pleased, so am I! <end>
 B0000EROK7  Diamond Eternity Band In 14kt White Gold. Size 9 ||	  Nice ring  The ring is very pretty and just as advertised, SHE is very pleased, so am I! <end>
 B0000ES7R5  14k Gold Round Emerald Earring Jacket With Center Of Diamonds ||	  Studs are NOT Included  Very nice earring jacket.Be sure to order the center stud earrings separately becausethey are not included. <end>
 B0000ESBO2  (Size 9)14k Yellow Gold Oval Citrine Diamond Ring ||	  Very nice ring.  This is a nice ring. But if you buy it from Ross-Simons direct you can get 20% off using the code 4DAY. <end>
 B0000ESRRQ  12mm Turquoise Stud Earrings In 14kt Yellow Gold ||	  Ooh, la, la  These earrings are stunning. I own a 14 mm turquoise necklace and at first purchased these earrings to wear with the necklace but find I wear these earrings a lot with my other jewelry. They are handsome and show off very well. I have small earlobes and these fit perfectly even though they are NOT small earrings. They can be dressed up or look casual depending upon the outfit you wear with them. The beautiful color goes well with all kinds of metal whether gold, silver, pewter, brass, etc. so mix and match as you wish. <end>
 B0000ESZ16  Sterling Silver Open Spirals Ring by Caroline Ballou, Size 5 ||	  Beautiful and Unique Ring  I will definitely order other pieces from this designer! The craftsmanship is impressive, and the weight of the ring was more substantial than I had expected from sterling silver. The ring was presented in a nice quality pouch and navy blue gift box. <end>
 B0000ET9JC  Sterling Silver Beaded Rim Ring by Lois Hill, Size 5 ||	  Lois Hill Sterling Silver Beaded Rim Ring  I LOVE THIS RING. IT IS WELL MADE AND SIMPLY STUNNING. THE BEAD WORK IS AMAZING. THE RING DOES RUN SMALL I WEAR A SEVEN BUT HAD TO ORDER A SIZE UP BECAUSE THE RING FITS SNUG AND IS NOT REALLY TRUE TO SIZE. OTHERWISE IT IS VERY HEAVY AND WELL MADE! <end>
 B0000ET9JK  Sterling Silver Granulated and Scroll Stacking Bands Ring by Lois Hill, Size 5 ||	  Love this ring , Designer is Great !  This ring to be honest , I was scared to buy -- but it turned out to be one of the best of the Best> It was like the item you wanted but was scared to buy, and when you finally did it - you did not know why you were scared to buy it ! And you loved it.That is this ring. I purchased this item on the super saver delivery, so I was anxious till I recieved today. And let me tell you, I am thrilled with this product.! I do think this desginer, is the the Next Diane Malouf, or Konstantio.So In my small review , I am going to try and buy all I can from this desginer before it hits Neimans.!!!!!!SincerlyLisa Hightower <end>
 B0000EVVS6  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000EVWXA  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000SX0DQ  14k White Gold Floating Blue Topaz (12x10mm) Ring, Size 6 ||	  Excellent Quality  This is a beautiful ring. My wife gets complements everytime she wears it. The sizing tool was accurate and helpful. We will continue to look for great deals like this in the Jewelry section <end>
 B0000SX1Q2  14k Yellow Gold 8x6mm Oval Opal and Diamond (I-I1 0.18ctw) Ring, Size 6 ||	  Elegant BlingBling  She just loves the ring. Really high quality for the price. <end>
 B0000T2RNY  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 8) ||	  Inspector  looking for a ring in 14k with 2 diamonds and 1 garnet <end>
 B0000T2V1C  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  Very Good  It was a little smaller that I thought it would be. But over all, it brought an amazing smile to my girlfriend. She loved it and has been wairing it since <end>
 B0000T2X24  14kt. White Gold, 2 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  A lovely ring  The ring is elegant and sparkles beautifully. The prong and channel settings pass the pantyhose test (for the uninitiated, it is smooth enough that it snags nothing). The quality of mine is H/SI. The description above is lousy as it doesn't tell you that each princess cut stone is separated from the other by a baguette. The picture also makes it look like two of the princess cut stones in the center protrude but are, in fact, set in along with the others.The Fred Meyers store we went to (Littman's Jewelers in our state) had great staff and the ring is guaranteed for its lifetime. Any stone that falls out is replaced free of charge. They do, however, require that the ring be returned to them at least once or twice a year for checking. Fine by me. They also have a 90 day return policy. <end>
 B0000T2X2O  14kt. White Gold, 2 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 8) ||	  A lovely ring  The ring is elegant and sparkles beautifully. The prong and channel settings pass the pantyhose test (for the uninitiated, it is smooth enough that it snags nothing). The quality of mine is H/SI. The description above is lousy as it doesn't tell you that each princess cut stone is separated from the other by a baguette. The picture also makes it look like two of the princess cut stones in the center protrude but are, in fact, set in along with the others.The Fred Meyers store we went to (Littman's Jewelers in our state) had great staff and the ring is guaranteed for its lifetime. Any stone that falls out is replaced free of charge. They do, however, require that the ring be returned to them at least once or twice a year for checking. Fine by me. They also have a 90 day return policy. <end>
 B0000T313O  14kt. White Gold, 1 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 5) ||	  WOW!  This ring is a beautiful ring...any woman would love to have <end>
 B0000T315W  14kt. White Gold, 1 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 5.5) ||	  WOW!  This ring is a beautiful ring...any woman would love to have <end>
 B0000T3184  14kt. White Gold, 1 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  WOW!  This ring is a beautiful ring...any woman would love to have <end>
 B0000T31BQ  14kt. White Gold, 1 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 8.5) ||	  WOW!  This ring is a beautiful ring...any woman would love to have <end>
 B0000T75VI  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Bracelet ||	  Garnets are the Best !  I fell in love with this bracelet when i first saw it at Amazon;trusted Littman jewelers to be of high quality and ordered it.This garnet really catches the flame of the stone and you justcan't stop staring at it. The little hearts that hold each stone to one another are much more flexible then persay normaltennis bracelets, don't bite so to speak. I am very happy tohave mine and recommend this one to all who love garnets. Vp <end>
 B0000T7R4S  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 5) ||	  Cute  This ring is a lot smaller than it looks. It also contains what appears to be a chip on the inside of the band. However, after going to the store itself, and examining other rings, I came to learn it is just the logo of the ringmaking company. I do wish the logo was not there though. The ring is also too thin for engraving. Overall, the ring is cute and simple. Nothing special. <end>
 B0000T7R6G  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 8) ||	  Cute  This ring is a lot smaller than it looks. It also contains what appears to be a chip on the inside of the band. However, after going to the store itself, and examining other rings, I came to learn it is just the logo of the ringmaking company. I do wish the logo was not there though. The ring is also too thin for engraving. Overall, the ring is cute and simple. Nothing special. <end>
 B0000T81ES  14kt. Gold, Tanzanite & Diamond Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  Need more information........  You don't indicated the color of the diamonds or the tanzanite nor the clarity. Unable to make a decision to buy. <end>
 B0000T81FC  14kt. Gold, Tanzanite & Diamond Ring (Size 5.5) ||	  Need more information........  You don't indicated the color of the diamonds or the tanzanite nor the clarity. Unable to make a decision to buy. <end>
 B0000T81FW  14kt. Gold, Tanzanite & Diamond Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  Need more information........  You don't indicated the color of the diamonds or the tanzanite nor the clarity. Unable to make a decision to buy. <end>
 B0000TZ9K2  14k White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1ctw, I, I1), Size 5 ||	  Beautiful and well worth it  For around 650 (dont recall exact amount) this was well worth it. Diamons were a very nice of good quality and of decent size. ring size available was 6 only, which was too small for my mom. But ptobably that was the reason for this price. I bought it and got resized. She loves it <end>
 B0000U052S  Platinum Princess Cut Cathedral Solitaire Ring (3/4 ct, H, SI2), Size 5 ||	  Look no further, No reason to pay high store prices!!  At first, I was a little hesitant purchasing an engagement ring from Amazon. However, after getting the Ring and seeing the smile on my Fianc&eacute;es face was more than enough to reassure me I made a good choice.Good Points The Ring was not only priced $1200 below retail stores, but it was also certified with a lot higher ratings than anything I found. The mounting, band, and diamond where all very good quality and hard to find in most retail stores. I would recommend purchasing an engagement ring from Amazon to any man who was looking for a special Ring. Not only do you get a Better Ring, you have some money left to propose to your girlfriend with.Down Side Make sure you choose the correct shipping when you place the order with Amazon. If you choose to change the order shipping, you face having your estimated ship date changed by another week to two weeks. I personally had this problem, changed standard shipping to one day shipping, and received the ring two weeks later than originally quoted.To make a long story short - don't overestimate the quality of a ring that is purchased on Amazon. You are going to get a great deal and a Beautiful Ring that any woman would be proud to wear! <end>
 B0000U053M  14k White Gold Princess Cut Classic Solitaire Ring (1/3 ct, H, SI2), Size 6.5 ||	  Beautiful ring, and she said yes!  I'm probably not the first to tell you that I was skeptical buying a ring online. After looking at almost every jewelry store in town, I realized that most of the rings I looked at cost more, being at the same quality or less than what this ring stated. I bought, proposed, and married. She knows exactly where I got it and what it cost, which might be why she said yes. It was a smart decision. The ring looked beautiful, the diamond was brilliant, and it went well in a two ring piece. <end>
 B0000U37EG  .50 Ct. T.W. Bezel-Set Diamond Necklace In 14kt Italian White Gold. 16&quot; ||	  Diamonds By The Yard  Beautiful! I always wanted Tiffany Diamonds By the yard, but that costs WAY more than my budget allows. This necklace from Ross-Simmons is a wonderful look alike. It is white gold, 20" with 7 bezel set diamonds. I love it and I have not taken it off since the day I got it! Don't hesitate, don't shop around, buy this one, it is perfect! <end>  5 Stars Too  I agree with Traci  the diamonds-by-the yard necklace is lovely. The diamonds are white and sparkly  like little stars draped around your neck. The price is wonderful as well. For anyone who has wanted diamonds-by-the yard, like I have for a long time, why wait when you can get them for such a reasonable price? Ross-Simons continues to impress me! I ordered the piece on Monday and it's around my neck as I type this review.  o)A Canadian Shopper pleased once again. <end>
 B0000U37F0  .50 Ct. T.W. Bezel-Set Diamond Necklace In 14kt Italian White Gold. 20&quot; ||	  Diamonds By The Yard  Beautiful! I always wanted Tiffany Diamonds By the yard, but that costs WAY more than my budget allows. This necklace from Ross-Simmons is a wonderful look alike. It is white gold, 20" with 7 bezel set diamonds. I love it and I have not taken it off since the day I got it! Don't hesitate, don't shop around, buy this one, it is perfect! <end>  5 Stars Too  I agree with Traci  the diamonds-by-the yard necklace is lovely. The diamonds are white and sparkly  like little stars draped around your neck. The price is wonderful as well. For anyone who has wanted diamonds-by-the yard, like I have for a long time, why wait when you can get them for such a reasonable price? Ross-Simons continues to impress me! I ordered the piece on Monday and it's around my neck as I type this review.  o)A Canadian Shopper pleased once again. <end>
 B0000U3YC6  Jewelry Finishing Cloth - Suede-like cloth removes fingerprints from all gemstones, jewelry metals, eyeglass and laptop screen. Washable - do not use starch - no chemicals. ||	  Simply...a ripoff  This product may very well be the most overpriced item available on Amazon. The cloth you receive will be the same cloth that you can get for free from Walmart at the eye glass department. It is extremely small, very thin and in my opinion -- not very impressive! Buy it if you have extra money to throw away on something you will likely not use. <end>  not pleased at all  I used this cloth to shine my sterling earrings. It was a waste of money! A towel or any soft cloth would do the same thing. The shipping and handlig was almost as much as the cloth! Don't waste your money like I did. <end>  A great product!  This works great for cleaning off fingerprints etc, in between jewelry cleaning. Also works great for cleaning glasses! <end>
 B0000V1AD0  Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Perfect fit next to my cathedral setting engagement ring  I'd been looking for some time now for a plain platinum band that would fit properly with my catherdral setting engagement ring. The plain bands I'd seen previously were not thick enough and they appeared as if they would slip under the engagment ring. The profile of this ring matchs up perfectly with my engagement ring. The delievery was extremtly quick. I ordered it with free shipping on a Mon. and it arrived that Wed. I am extremely pleased with the quality, price and service I recieved. <end>  Great ring - but just so you know....  This ring is really beautiful and does look very nice next to a cathedral setting, but it does have the word "AMAZON" stamped on the inside of it. I'm not sure if this is common for all Amazon jewelry, but it's a little tacky especially if it is going to be a wedding band or such. It's easy enough to get scratched off, but some people might be displeased with the engraving on the inside so I figured it was worth noting. <end>  Platinum Band - Great Deal and Fast Shipping  On Monday night I placed my order for the Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Band. I used the "Free" shipping and thought it would take a couple weeks to receive the item. To my surprise, the ring arrived in the mail on Friday (same week).The ring is beautiful and is as described in the item description. Unlike the other review I had read, the band does not say "Amazon" on the inside of the band. I would not hesitate to place an order here again. <end>  Very pleased.....  When this ring arrived, I was very impressed. It was a much larger cross section and higher quality than I expected. It did not say "Amazon" on the inside unlike the previous reviews stated. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  great for small fingers  I love the ring and was amazed at the weight even though it is only2.5mm. Looks amazing on my small fingers. I do agree with the previous writer, the Amazon inscription a little tacky. Mine is only a size 5 so left little room for inscription <end>
 B0000V1EKY  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1EN6  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1ENQ  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1EO0  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1EOA  Platinum 5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Beautiful wedding band that has held up well!  This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band. I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great. We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for. It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men's ring. I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band. Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want. <end>
 B0000V1EOU  Platinum 5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Beautiful wedding band that has held up well!  This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band. I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great. We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for. It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men's ring. I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band. Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want. <end>
 B0000V1EPY  Platinum 5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Beautiful wedding band that has held up well!  This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band. I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great. We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for. It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men's ring. I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band. Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want. <end>
 B0000V1EQ8  Platinum 5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Beautiful wedding band that has held up well!  This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band. I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great. We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for. It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men's ring. I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band. Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want. <end>
 B0000V1EW2  14k Two-Tone 7mm Celtic Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Sturdy, clean lines, 14K  I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available, my love gave it to me for our handfasting. It's exactly the measurements described, but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler. Has a good weight, stamped inside, "Novell 14 K HANDMADE." Beyond that, it's beautiful. The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges. A little bigger than the average "lady's ring," it could work for a lady or a gent. <end>  My Husband Loves This Ring  My Husband and I just got married on June 9, 2007. I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows. I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal. My husband gets so many compliments on his ring. Because it is beautiful and unique. It is high quality too. Thanks Amazon. You helped to make our day perfect.Laura <end>  A Classic Celtic Eternal Knot Band.  An eye catching combination of style, quality and statement. The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love. It could be a wedding band, or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side. <end>
 B0000V1EWM  14k Two-Tone 7mm Celtic Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Sturdy, clean lines, 14K  I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available, my love gave it to me for our handfasting. It's exactly the measurements described, but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler. Has a good weight, stamped inside, "Novell 14 K HANDMADE." Beyond that, it's beautiful. The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges. A little bigger than the average "lady's ring," it could work for a lady or a gent. <end>  My Husband Loves This Ring  My Husband and I just got married on June 9, 2007. I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows. I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal. My husband gets so many compliments on his ring. Because it is beautiful and unique. It is high quality too. Thanks Amazon. You helped to make our day perfect.Laura <end>  A Classic Celtic Eternal Knot Band.  An eye catching combination of style, quality and statement. The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love. It could be a wedding band, or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side. <end>
 B0000VO0PA  Amethyst & Blue Topaz Stacking Rings (size  6) ||	  Nice Ring  Nice ring, although the colors do look a bit more vibrant online, as usual. Fun to play with. <end>
 B0000VRFWK  Heartline Bear ||	  Great Heartline Bear charm!  I purchased this sterling silver charm to replace one that was identical to it (that I'd had for almost 20 years) and lost somehow this past spring. Something Silver's customer service was wonderful. After a mishap with the US postal service that returned my package back to Something Silver, they were nice enough to send it again and covered the cost of that shipping. The packaging was very cute as well!The charm is slightly smaller than my original, but I'm so happy to have it! <end>
 B0000VRGVU  Matte Finish Ring (size  10) ||	  Great product - even better service  After purchasing from Something Silver, I was pleasantly surprised when the order (which had been on sale) arrived three days early. The company was timely, helpful, and create outstanding products. I would recommend their products without hesitation. <end>
 B0000VRHA0  Men's Oxidized Line Cuff ||	  A terrific present  I wanted to get my bf a bracelet but it was hard to find one that was masculine yet not over done. This was the one I chose. It's simplicity is fantastic yet it's stylish and beautiful. He loved it. I loved it. <end>  Perfect, but....  The cuff was perfect except it was too big and I had to spend extra money to have it resized, None your fault. Other than that, completely satisfied with timely delivery, the product, etc. Thank you <end>
 B0000VRHIC  Turquoise Leather Bracelet ||	  Don't Even Think About Buying This Item!!  If this is leather I'll eat my hat. The bracelet is thin, feels and looks like plastic, the turquoise is also paper thin - I have never had an online purchase be this disappointing. I wanted to return it, but I have to pay the shipping. My first try at buying jewelry through Amazon - and my last. <end>
 B0000VRSPO  Hope Cuff ||	  beautiful piece  This cuff is a high-quality piece. It's thick enough to be sturdy but thin enough to allow some flexibility of the metal (to size it as desired) without damaging the bracelet. The word "HOPE" is noticeable yet does not over-power the simplistic beauty of this piece. I am really satisfied with this item, and I would recommend it to anyone thinking of purchasing a sterling cuff like this. <end>
 B0000VRXJ0  Spiga Bracelet ||	  Too short  This is a solid, heavy, pretty piece of jewelry. Unfortunately, the length would only fit a child or thin adult. <end>
 B0000VS54M  Gold Lace Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  I love these earrings  Beautiful earrings!! I get compliments on them all the time. Would shop with this company again. <end>
 B0000VWD2W  Sterling Silver Iolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 5 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS RING  THIS RING IS GORGEOUS AND I CANT BELIEVE I GOT "REAL" IOLITE IN SUCH A PRETTY RING FOR THIS PRICE,USUALLY THE CREATED IOLATE IS MORE.MY HAT'S OFF TO GEMWORKS FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL BUY.THNX GEMWORKS.I LOVE THIS RING. <end>
 B0000VWD72  Sterling Silver Iolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 8 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS RING  THIS RING IS GORGEOUS AND I CANT BELIEVE I GOT "REAL" IOLITE IN SUCH A PRETTY RING FOR THIS PRICE,USUALLY THE CREATED IOLATE IS MORE.MY HAT'S OFF TO GEMWORKS FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL BUY.THNX GEMWORKS.I LOVE THIS RING. <end>
 B0000VWEJY  Sterling Silver Black And Clear Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  review of company GEMWORKS!!!!!!  i still haven't recieved the product.i found out although i ordered it on 2/12----they DID NOT mail it until 2/26!!!!!!!!i am very VERY UNHAPPY with GEMWORKS COMPANY!!!!!!!i resolve never to do business w/ them again!!!!too bad they are connected w/ AMAZON.com because i have been pleased w/ amazon so far. i hope you let gemworks know about this as i was unable to get thru to them despite 4 e-mails!!!!!!!!!!thankyou-jan <end>
 B0000VWGDI  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz And Iolite Ring Size 6.5 ||	  cool ring  I like this ring, but it is probably not for everybody. The stones are almost "scattered" for a free-style look. It is bold and different, I am pleased with it, and will wear it often. The silver is substantial, not flimsy. <end>
 B0000VWGLU  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz And Iolite Ring Size 11.5 ||	  cool ring  I like this ring, but it is probably not for everybody. The stones are almost "scattered" for a free-style look. It is bold and different, I am pleased with it, and will wear it often. The silver is substantial, not flimsy. <end>
 B0000W57JM  1/4 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Pendant in 18 kt. Yellow Gold ||	  Girlfriend LOVED IT!!!!  I gave this to my girlfriend for my 6 month anniversary. I planned the giving of the gift to be received while she was looking away at dinner. I just got up and put it around her neck. She was immediately brought to tears and after dinner I had some of the best passionate times of my life. I will update this if we get married in the next few years. <end>
 B0000WM01U  Men's 7mm Black Titanium Band (Size 10) ||	  Great Ring!  I bought this for my husband for Christmas to replace his wedding band. He loves it! Its VERY lightweight and not a bother at all. It's absolutely gorgeous in person. And because it is not the traditional gold band - he gets many compliments on it. It was a great deal! <end>
 B0000WM2FY  1/4 CT Two-tone Art Deco Diamond Engagement Ring ||	  great ring, not so great service  For the price, the diamond that comes in this setting, i felt was impressive. it has some fire to it, and it's raised in the setting [not shown from the angle that this picture is taken at -- making the ring MUCH taller than one would imagine], to catch light not only from the top, but from the bottom and sides as well.Again, this image is deceiving. The ring is a lot taller than shown here. Overall the rest of the ring is of good quality as well; the gold isn't cheap or flimsy. I liked it, but it was not what I was expecting.The, &quot;expidited shipping&quot; was nothing of the kind. I ordered this ring on the 12th of Dec., which I felt was plenty of time to receive it in time to make my wedding proposal on the 20th; my girlfriend's birthday*. I did make it a point to explain this to Szul, as well as to encourage them to please give me some way to track the shipment.Well, 10 days, about 5 emails and about 15 phone calls later (not to mention several strands of hair pulled out in frustration), I still got no tracking. All they did was try to tell me that the ring would arrive some time between the 17th and the 19th.I think the ring finally did arrive -- on the 22nd.She said yes, by the way, so I do guess the ring was a hit after all the agony of getting it here. <end>  Very nice people but HORRIBLE service  I bought the ring for my wife. She was coming back from a long trip and wanted to surprise her (I never gave her an engagement ring). Exactly because I had read the previous comments I ordered it with time and made sure I picked the right size. You guessed, they sent me the wrong size (they blamed it on amazon).I had nothing but nice treatment from these guys, I sent it back and they promised that I would have it back on Friday. I still had enough time so I did not worry. They had 5 more days after Friday to get it to me (Wednesday). I started calling on Friday, and every time they said I would have it next day. Today is wednesday and, of course, they promise I will have it tomorrow. Too late, I cancelled. I'll let you know how the cancellation worked out. <end>
 B0000WM2GS  1/4 CT Two-tone Art Deco Diamond Engagement Ring ||	  great ring, not so great service  For the price, the diamond that comes in this setting, i felt was impressive. it has some fire to it, and it's raised in the setting [not shown from the angle that this picture is taken at -- making the ring MUCH taller than one would imagine], to catch light not only from the top, but from the bottom and sides as well.Again, this image is deceiving. The ring is a lot taller than shown here. Overall the rest of the ring is of good quality as well; the gold isn't cheap or flimsy. I liked it, but it was not what I was expecting.The, &quot;expidited shipping&quot; was nothing of the kind. I ordered this ring on the 12th of Dec., which I felt was plenty of time to receive it in time to make my wedding proposal on the 20th; my girlfriend's birthday*. I did make it a point to explain this to Szul, as well as to encourage them to please give me some way to track the shipment.Well, 10 days, about 5 emails and about 15 phone calls later (not to mention several strands of hair pulled out in frustration), I still got no tracking. All they did was try to tell me that the ring would arrive some time between the 17th and the 19th.I think the ring finally did arrive -- on the 22nd.She said yes, by the way, so I do guess the ring was a hit after all the agony of getting it here. <end>  Very nice people but HORRIBLE service  I bought the ring for my wife. She was coming back from a long trip and wanted to surprise her (I never gave her an engagement ring). Exactly because I had read the previous comments I ordered it with time and made sure I picked the right size. You guessed, they sent me the wrong size (they blamed it on amazon).I had nothing but nice treatment from these guys, I sent it back and they promised that I would have it back on Friday. I still had enough time so I did not worry. They had 5 more days after Friday to get it to me (Wednesday). I started calling on Friday, and every time they said I would have it next day. Today is wednesday and, of course, they promise I will have it tomorrow. Too late, I cancelled. I'll let you know how the cancellation worked out. <end>
 B0000WM3JO  1/4 ct.tw Three-stone Princess Diamond Ring ||	  Disappointing!  I ordered this ring and would like to say that I have never seen three diamonds so small in my entire life. I paid $350.00 for the ring, but even the box that szul.com shipped it in says it is only worth $99.99. The picture is misleading, so be warned that this ring is VERY TINY! My advice to all is keep looking and save yourself time because this ring isn't a bargain at all. I am returning this ring immediately because the ring is not worth the money. <end>  Excellent  it's a great ring, the only problem is that I don't see a certificate of it. Thanks <end>  Disappointing!  I ordered this ring and would like to say that I have never seen three diamonds so small in my entire life. I paid $350.00 for the ring, but even the box that szul.com shipped it in says it is only worth $99.99. The picture is misleading, so be warned that this ring is VERY TINY! My advice to all is keep looking and save yourself time because this ring isn't a bargain at all. I am returning this ring immediately because the ring is not worth the money. <end>  Excellent  it's a great ring, the only problem is that I don't see a certificate of it. Thanks <end>
 B0000WM3KS  1/4 ct.tw Three-stone Princess Diamond Ring ||	  Disappointing!  I ordered this ring and would like to say that I have never seen three diamonds so small in my entire life. I paid $350.00 for the ring, but even the box that szul.com shipped it in says it is only worth $99.99. The picture is misleading, so be warned that this ring is VERY TINY! My advice to all is keep looking and save yourself time because this ring isn't a bargain at all. I am returning this ring immediately because the ring is not worth the money. <end>  Excellent  it's a great ring, the only problem is that I don't see a certificate of it. Thanks <end>  Disappointing!  I ordered this ring and would like to say that I have never seen three diamonds so small in my entire life. I paid $350.00 for the ring, but even the box that szul.com shipped it in says it is only worth $99.99. The picture is misleading, so be warned that this ring is VERY TINY! My advice to all is keep looking and save yourself time because this ring isn't a bargain at all. I am returning this ring immediately because the ring is not worth the money. <end>  Excellent  it's a great ring, the only problem is that I don't see a certificate of it. Thanks <end>  Disappointing!  I ordered this ring and would like to say that I have never seen three diamonds so small in my entire life. I paid $350.00 for the ring, but even the box that szul.com shipped it in says it is only worth $99.99. The picture is misleading, so be warned that this ring is VERY TINY! My advice to all is keep looking and save yourself time because this ring isn't a bargain at all. I am returning this ring immediately because the ring is not worth the money. <end>  Excellent  it's a great ring, the only problem is that I don't see a certificate of it. Thanks <end>  Disappointing!  I ordered this ring and would like to say that I have never seen three diamonds so small in my entire life. I paid $350.00 for the ring, but even the box that szul.com shipped it in says it is only worth $99.99. The picture is misleading, so be warned that this ring is VERY TINY! My advice to all is keep looking and save yourself time because this ring isn't a bargain at all. I am returning this ring immediately because the ring is not worth the money. <end>  Excellent  it's a great ring, the only problem is that I don't see a certificate of it. Thanks <end>
 B0000WM6S2  Marquise Emerald and Diamond Slender Wave Ring ||	  It was a good buy  The emerald is the same color shown on the site. The jewelry came in pretty box .Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate (length 7 mm) and weight 2 grams (10 oz).The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive . <end>
 B0000WM6SM  Marquise Emerald and Diamond Slender Wave Ring ||	  It was a good buy  The emerald is the same color shown on the site. The jewelry came in pretty box .Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate (length 7 mm) and weight 2 grams (10 oz).The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive . <end>
 B0000WM9AM  Three Stone Sapphire and Diamond Ring ||	  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>
 B0000WM9D4  Three Stone Sapphire and Diamond Ring ||	  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>
 B0000WMH0Y  Heart-shaped Blue Topaz & Diamond Heart Ring ||	  like I said just breath taking  Wow My Wife realy will love this ring when i give it to her this Christmas!!! I am hoping it gets me a little play to from the old lady!! <end>  like I said just breath taking  Wow My Wife realy will love this ring when i give it to her this Christmas!!! I am hoping it gets me a little play to from the old lady!! <end>  like I said just breath taking  Wow My Wife realy will love this ring when i give it to her this Christmas!!! I am hoping it gets me a little play to from the old lady!! <end>
 B0000WMHQ8  Morning Glory Oval Opal & Diamond Ring ||	  Absolutely Beautiful  The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have. The opal is beautiful. The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too. The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first. It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring. If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own. <end>  Gorgeous!  The diamonds sparkle and the opal, which is NOT lab-created, has lovely fire in its pale depths. This ring is lovely! <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have. The opal is beautiful. The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too. The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first. It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring. If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own. <end>  Gorgeous!  The diamonds sparkle and the opal, which is NOT lab-created, has lovely fire in its pale depths. This ring is lovely! <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have. The opal is beautiful. The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too. The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first. It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring. If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own. <end>  Gorgeous!  The diamonds sparkle and the opal, which is NOT lab-created, has lovely fire in its pale depths. This ring is lovely! <end>
 B0000WMK1K  Antique Trillion Peridot and Diamond Ring ||	  Better than expected!  The ring was shipped fast and it beautiful. Better then expected! <end>  Review of ring  Very nice ring. It was smaller than I thought it would be - but very pretty. <end>  Better than expected!  The ring was shipped fast and it beautiful. Better then expected! <end>  Review of ring  Very nice ring. It was smaller than I thought it would be - but very pretty. <end>
 B0000WMK3I  Antique Trillion Peridot and Diamond Ring ||	  Better than expected!  The ring was shipped fast and it beautiful. Better then expected! <end>  Review of ring  Very nice ring. It was smaller than I thought it would be - but very pretty. <end>
 B0000WMRW2  Two-tone Antique Five Diamonds Band ||	  Pretty...  I thought this ring was very pretty from the pictures, but the detailing was a little different when I received it. It's much too new looking to be "antique" and I really wasn't too fond of the line designs in the ring -- more "old-world" looking in the picture. The diamonds are of a nice quality and overall it's a well-made ring (although it doesn't have a lot of weight to it). I would classify it more in the art-deco era. <end>  Pretty...  I thought this ring was very pretty from the pictures, but the detailing was a little different when I received it. It's much too new looking to be "antique" and I really wasn't too fond of the line designs in the ring -- more "old-world" looking in the picture. The diamonds are of a nice quality and overall it's a well-made ring (although it doesn't have a lot of weight to it). I would classify it more in the art-deco era. <end>  Pretty...  I thought this ring was very pretty from the pictures, but the detailing was a little different when I received it. It's much too new looking to be "antique" and I really wasn't too fond of the line designs in the ring -- more "old-world" looking in the picture. The diamonds are of a nice quality and overall it's a well-made ring (although it doesn't have a lot of weight to it). I would classify it more in the art-deco era. <end>
 B0000WN7JY  Two-tone Infinity Diamond Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  This ring is beautiful! Everyone that I showed it to thought that I had it custom made. I was worried about diamond quality and size at only 1/2C for 7 diamonds, but they are white and clear and huge (almost too big- at some angles overwhelm the infinity- much bigger in person than pictured). My only concern is the elevated twist and larger diamonds make it look a bit feminine. But this ring has everything I ever wanted and looks like the drawings my husband and I made of our dream ring. I am going to a jeweler to see if I can have the twist inset since it is a separete piece. Otherwise, diamonds are mounted flat and ring is absolutely stunning. Can't beat the price anywhere usually runs $600+ (I've been watching this ring for our anniversary for 4 years!). Completely recommend.Since purchasing, I took the ring to a jeweler and had the raised infinity section lowered into the band. They only charged $75 (and I had picked it up during a $50 off sale!) and it looks exquisite and masculine. My husband loves it and we still can't get over the fact that I found the ring he designed online. <end>  Perfectly Beautiful Ring!  Both I and my new husband love this ring! It is elegant, unique, and tasteful - yet manly! (And that's a tall order...) It is the perfect ring for my new husband! He's received MANY compliments on it. It's not too flashy or gaudy, very tasteful. We are extremely pleased with this purchase. (I was very hesitant to buy something as important as our WEDDING ring online without actually seeing it.) The diamonds are beautiful. I am not a jeweler, but I don't see any flaws in the ring. It is quality craftsmanship. <end>
 B0000WWURE  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz & Sapphire Ring Size 6.5 ||	  Nice Ring!  I ordered this ring because my birthstone is a sapphire and my husband's birthstone is blue topaz... so, for sentimental reasons. But I love it for more than that! It's nice and heavy, good quality and I love the cut of the middle stone. My only reason for the 4 stars is the silver setting around the sapphires are a little "off". But overall, a very nice ring! <end>
 B0000WWUS8  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz & Sapphire Ring Size 6.5 ||	  Nice Ring!  I ordered this ring because my birthstone is a sapphire and my husband's birthstone is blue topaz... so, for sentimental reasons. But I love it for more than that! It's nice and heavy, good quality and I love the cut of the middle stone. My only reason for the 4 stars is the silver setting around the sapphires are a little "off". But overall, a very nice ring! <end>
 B0000WWV4G  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Iolite, Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 6.5 ||	  liked the ring alot, but they sent wrong size!  I thought this ring was very nice , but I was sent the wrong size & had to return it. They did refund my money in a timely manner though. <end>
 B0000WWV5A  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Iolite, Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 8 ||	  liked the ring alot, but they sent wrong size!  I thought this ring was very nice , but I was sent the wrong size & had to return it. They did refund my money in a timely manner though. <end>
 B0000WWV5U  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Iolite, Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 9 ||	  liked the ring alot, but they sent wrong size!  I thought this ring was very nice , but I was sent the wrong size & had to return it. They did refund my money in a timely manner though. <end>
 B0000WWVR8  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Amethyst And White Topaz Ring Size 7 ||	  Silver Ring  I do love the ring, however, I was sent a garnet and not an amethyst. I didn't send back because of the shipping and handling charges. The ring is pretty but I did want the amethyst. I have received many compliments on it however. A good purchase for the price. <end>
 B0000Y38GE  Marcasite Filigree Ring (size  8) ||	  ***Beautiful, Inexpensive but Poor Quality***  Really beautiful ring for the price. The stones could never be mistaken for diamonds, but are nice in their own right. Two of the stones fell off of the first ring I ordered; "Something Silver" promptly issued me another one free of charge however. Ring feels sturdy, and the fit is comfortable. Very nice overall. ***Update  The stones soon fell out of the second ring issued as well. I didn't wear the ring everyday, or in the shower, or while hand washing. Not recommended, even for the low price. <end>  2010  Beautiful, detailed and dainty little ring. Since the original reviewer's comment from 2004, Boma appears to have made improvements to the ring design as my ring (purchased in 2009) is holding up very well, no issues with the marcasite stones falling out or anything like that. Remember  Boma is jewelry for life. The company will repair or replace your jewelry for the life of the piece. <end>
 B0000YTOH6  Double Kiss Ring (size  6) ||	  Sparkelind kisses!  These people know their stuff! Fast, friendly, nice packaging unexpected. The 2 rings I bought were very high quality and a fantastic price too! I would buy from them again and again! <end>
 B00011TCS4  14Kt White Gold Petite Diamond Heart Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful...just as pictured  I absolutely loved it when it arrived. My only complaint was that the necklace itself was a little bit tangled. I unfortuantly did not have the patience to untangle. So, when I gave it to my girlfriend I was a little embarrased of the fact she had to get out the tangle before she could wear it. The vendor shipped out the product fast. And I even received a little token of their appreciation when I opened the package. I would do business with them again. Gorgeous pendant!! <end>
 B00011V8YU  Sterling silver anklet, 'Palace Charms' ||	  Nice anklet  Overall a good amount of silver in this piece! It is a bit big on me, about 10 inches; 9" would be better & I'd say my ankles are average circumference. The quality of workmanship was very nice except when it was on my ankle, the clasp was positioned so that the adjacent disc stuck out about 30 degrees. I had to twist it into the right position, which isn't easy because this is pretty thick silver (I'd suggest a jeweler do this!). That's the only reason I gave this a 4 instead of 5. They did a good job of keeping me posted on where it was in the delivery process & they included a nice catalog & information about the artist. Comes in a very nice padded gift box. <end>  So Beautiful!!  This is such a well made piece of jewelry. It came looking exactly like the picture and by far is the coolest anklet I have ever owned! <end>
 B000126WH2  Amethyst pendant, 'Purple Poem' 0.4" W x 1.0" L ||	  Amethyst Pendant  This pendant is beautiful and an excellent value for the price. I am very pleased with it and get quite a few compliments when I wear it. <end>
 B000126YXO  Onyx pendant, 'Black Tear' 1" W 2" L ||	  My daughter liked it  This was a present for my daughter and she liked it. I think the workmanship on the silver frame could have been a little better. <end>
 B00012A4SA  Quartz ring, 'Good Fortune' 8.0 (US Ring Size) ||	  Wrap ring  This ring is fun to wear. It's quite nice looking. My only problem with it is that I thought it would have a pinkish cast to it. It is (as I should have realized), clear quartz in silver. It's not as noticable as I thought it would be. <end>
 B00012A5QG  Sterling silver braided bracelet, 'Temple' ||	  beautiful & wel made.  I love this bracelet and urge anyone looking for a really well made bracelet to buy this one. Or anything from Novica <end>
 B00012BZ3I  1.00 ct.tw Princess-cut Solitaire Ring 18k ||	  DIAMANTES DIAMANTES  I LOVE DIAMONDS, IN THIS CASE THERE WAS NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION FOR ME TO EVALUATE DIAMON GETS 5 DESCRIPTION 0. <end>
 B00012BZ3S  1.00 ct.tw Princess-cut Solitaire Ring 18k ||	  DIAMANTES DIAMANTES  I LOVE DIAMONDS, IN THIS CASE THERE WAS NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION FOR ME TO EVALUATE DIAMON GETS 5 DESCRIPTION 0. <end>
 B00012CTZ6  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Fantastic Ring  I was a little nervous to place an order for a ring online. However, since there is a 30 day return policy and because my fiance really liked the look of this, I gave it a try. It arrived quickly. We used super-saver shipping, and it was shipped UPS sign-in-person delivery--it wasn't just left on our doorstep. The ring is very nice--heavy when compared to the rings we looked at in jewelry stores. It is in perfect condition-not blemishes at all. Overall, a better ring for a much better price than anything we saw in a store. <end>
 B00012CTZQ  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Fantastic Ring  I was a little nervous to place an order for a ring online. However, since there is a 30 day return policy and because my fiance really liked the look of this, I gave it a try. It arrived quickly. We used super-saver shipping, and it was shipped UPS sign-in-person delivery--it wasn't just left on our doorstep. The ring is very nice--heavy when compared to the rings we looked at in jewelry stores. It is in perfect condition-not blemishes at all. Overall, a better ring for a much better price than anything we saw in a store. <end>
 B00012CVPE  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Fantastic Ring  I was a little nervous to place an order for a ring online. However, since there is a 30 day return policy and because my fiance really liked the look of this, I gave it a try. It arrived quickly. We used super-saver shipping, and it was shipped UPS sign-in-person delivery--it wasn't just left on our doorstep. The ring is very nice--heavy when compared to the rings we looked at in jewelry stores. It is in perfect condition-not blemishes at all. Overall, a better ring for a much better price than anything we saw in a store. <end>
 B00012CVPY  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Fantastic Ring  I was a little nervous to place an order for a ring online. However, since there is a 30 day return policy and because my fiance really liked the look of this, I gave it a try. It arrived quickly. We used super-saver shipping, and it was shipped UPS sign-in-person delivery--it wasn't just left on our doorstep. The ring is very nice--heavy when compared to the rings we looked at in jewelry stores. It is in perfect condition-not blemishes at all. Overall, a better ring for a much better price than anything we saw in a store. <end>
 B00012CVSQ  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Solid, beautiful ring  I was a little leary in buying a ring from Amazon, sight-unseen, but my fiance's decision to try it and the 30-day return policy made it easy. The ring came on a Wednesday after ordering on a Saturday. It came in a jewelry box (blue velvet) which I was worried about. I took it out of the box to present to my fiance and the first thing I did was look on the inside and there I saw 'PLAT' stamped. I dropped it into the palm of my hand and was immediately impressed with the weight and heft of this ring. It slipped on nicely and looked wonderful. Unfortunately I had to take it off him and fought for a while, deciding we might want to go up 1/2 a size.I returned the ring and within 3 days, the CC was credited and I bought the 2nd ring, this time in the right size. This style of platinum ring was $1300-1600 at our local jeweler. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Amazon as a source for fine jewelry. <end>  Just make sure someone's home to sign for it!  It's true what the others are saying - it is a weighty, solid ring. A beautiful piece of platinum. There is no "Amazon" name or logo on the inside of it, so I worried about that previous customer's comment for nothing. Have it shipped to where you work though... or be sure someone (an adult) is home to sign for it, per the rules at UPS. <end>  You get what you pay for...  Pros  Modern, elegant design. Price.Cons  Wear, beveled edge is sharp, and "amazon" engraving (see my pics in the gallery)Overall  It's a very nice looking ring out of the box. I love the design, and I've seen similar rings costing 3-4 times the price. That said I'm disappointed with how it's aging. As you can see from the pics, it seems very susceptible to scuffing and scratching. I also think that the exterior beveled edge is too sharp. It causes the ring to occasionally catch on material (when putting on shirts, etc.).If I could I'd probably return it, but I'm passed the 30 day limit now, so I'll have to live with its imperfections. As the title says, I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Very nice ring  I just received the ring and it's beautiful. I was very nervous about this "Amazon" stamp some other reviewers had mentioned, but upon inspection I don't see it. All that is stamped inside is "PLAT". Not sure if they stopped stamping the rings with "Amazon" inside or what, but it's definitely not on this particular ring.The ring is heavy (as it should be for platinum) and was exactly what I was looking for. After finding it here I went to a bunch of jewelers and although some had a few that were slightly similar, they weren't what I wanted. I'm very happy I went out on a limb and decided to get this. The 30-day return policy is comforting because you know you can take a look at it, feel it and than make a decision. The moment I took it out of the box and tried it on I knew I was keeping it.If this is the style of ring you are looking for, than I highly recommend it (especially for the price). Other 6mm platinum rings can go for hundreds more dollars at jewelers. <end>  Fine Piece of Platinum  This ring I received a few days ago. I concerned about buying jewelry on the net. Took a chance and I am completely satisfied with the product. It looks elegant and you can feel the weight of the Platinum. N.B. Be sure to measure your ring size at you local jeweler befor buying online. Saves having to return and reduces your doubts. <end>  Amazon is in fact stamped on the ring  I wanted to help clarify the question about the inside stamping on the ring. Yes, it is stamped "PLAT" for platinum, and yes, it is stamped "Amazon" for Amazon.com. I would have really preferred the ring without the Amazon stamp on the inside, but it is a nice ring. I'm still trying to decide if the fit is right, but it looks great. <end>  Amazon stamp  I recently purchased this ring, and I must say that it is nice. The only problem is that the words "Amazon" are engraved on the inside of the ring, so if you want to place your own engraving it will be tough. I emailed customer support, and there is no way to purchase a ring without the "Amazon" stamp. <end>
 B00012CVT0  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Solid, beautiful ring  I was a little leary in buying a ring from Amazon, sight-unseen, but my fiance's decision to try it and the 30-day return policy made it easy. The ring came on a Wednesday after ordering on a Saturday. It came in a jewelry box (blue velvet) which I was worried about. I took it out of the box to present to my fiance and the first thing I did was look on the inside and there I saw 'PLAT' stamped. I dropped it into the palm of my hand and was immediately impressed with the weight and heft of this ring. It slipped on nicely and looked wonderful. Unfortunately I had to take it off him and fought for a while, deciding we might want to go up 1/2 a size.I returned the ring and within 3 days, the CC was credited and I bought the 2nd ring, this time in the right size. This style of platinum ring was $1300-1600 at our local jeweler. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Amazon as a source for fine jewelry. <end>  Just make sure someone's home to sign for it!  It's true what the others are saying - it is a weighty, solid ring. A beautiful piece of platinum. There is no "Amazon" name or logo on the inside of it, so I worried about that previous customer's comment for nothing. Have it shipped to where you work though... or be sure someone (an adult) is home to sign for it, per the rules at UPS. <end>  You get what you pay for...  Pros  Modern, elegant design. Price.Cons  Wear, beveled edge is sharp, and "amazon" engraving (see my pics in the gallery)Overall  It's a very nice looking ring out of the box. I love the design, and I've seen similar rings costing 3-4 times the price. That said I'm disappointed with how it's aging. As you can see from the pics, it seems very susceptible to scuffing and scratching. I also think that the exterior beveled edge is too sharp. It causes the ring to occasionally catch on material (when putting on shirts, etc.).If I could I'd probably return it, but I'm passed the 30 day limit now, so I'll have to live with its imperfections. As the title says, I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Very nice ring  I just received the ring and it's beautiful. I was very nervous about this "Amazon" stamp some other reviewers had mentioned, but upon inspection I don't see it. All that is stamped inside is "PLAT". Not sure if they stopped stamping the rings with "Amazon" inside or what, but it's definitely not on this particular ring.The ring is heavy (as it should be for platinum) and was exactly what I was looking for. After finding it here I went to a bunch of jewelers and although some had a few that were slightly similar, they weren't what I wanted. I'm very happy I went out on a limb and decided to get this. The 30-day return policy is comforting because you know you can take a look at it, feel it and than make a decision. The moment I took it out of the box and tried it on I knew I was keeping it.If this is the style of ring you are looking for, than I highly recommend it (especially for the price). Other 6mm platinum rings can go for hundreds more dollars at jewelers. <end>  Fine Piece of Platinum  This ring I received a few days ago. I concerned about buying jewelry on the net. Took a chance and I am completely satisfied with the product. It looks elegant and you can feel the weight of the Platinum. N.B. Be sure to measure your ring size at you local jeweler befor buying online. Saves having to return and reduces your doubts. <end>  Amazon is in fact stamped on the ring  I wanted to help clarify the question about the inside stamping on the ring. Yes, it is stamped "PLAT" for platinum, and yes, it is stamped "Amazon" for Amazon.com. I would have really preferred the ring without the Amazon stamp on the inside, but it is a nice ring. I'm still trying to decide if the fit is right, but it looks great. <end>  Amazon stamp  I recently purchased this ring, and I must say that it is nice. The only problem is that the words "Amazon" are engraved on the inside of the ring, so if you want to place your own engraving it will be tough. I emailed customer support, and there is no way to purchase a ring without the "Amazon" stamp. <end>
 B00012CVTU  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Solid, beautiful ring  I was a little leary in buying a ring from Amazon, sight-unseen, but my fiance's decision to try it and the 30-day return policy made it easy. The ring came on a Wednesday after ordering on a Saturday. It came in a jewelry box (blue velvet) which I was worried about. I took it out of the box to present to my fiance and the first thing I did was look on the inside and there I saw 'PLAT' stamped. I dropped it into the palm of my hand and was immediately impressed with the weight and heft of this ring. It slipped on nicely and looked wonderful. Unfortunately I had to take it off him and fought for a while, deciding we might want to go up 1/2 a size.I returned the ring and within 3 days, the CC was credited and I bought the 2nd ring, this time in the right size. This style of platinum ring was $1300-1600 at our local jeweler. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Amazon as a source for fine jewelry. <end>  Just make sure someone's home to sign for it!  It's true what the others are saying - it is a weighty, solid ring. A beautiful piece of platinum. There is no "Amazon" name or logo on the inside of it, so I worried about that previous customer's comment for nothing. Have it shipped to where you work though... or be sure someone (an adult) is home to sign for it, per the rules at UPS. <end>  You get what you pay for...  Pros  Modern, elegant design. Price.Cons  Wear, beveled edge is sharp, and "amazon" engraving (see my pics in the gallery)Overall  It's a very nice looking ring out of the box. I love the design, and I've seen similar rings costing 3-4 times the price. That said I'm disappointed with how it's aging. As you can see from the pics, it seems very susceptible to scuffing and scratching. I also think that the exterior beveled edge is too sharp. It causes the ring to occasionally catch on material (when putting on shirts, etc.).If I could I'd probably return it, but I'm passed the 30 day limit now, so I'll have to live with its imperfections. As the title says, I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Very nice ring  I just received the ring and it's beautiful. I was very nervous about this "Amazon" stamp some other reviewers had mentioned, but upon inspection I don't see it. All that is stamped inside is "PLAT". Not sure if they stopped stamping the rings with "Amazon" inside or what, but it's definitely not on this particular ring.The ring is heavy (as it should be for platinum) and was exactly what I was looking for. After finding it here I went to a bunch of jewelers and although some had a few that were slightly similar, they weren't what I wanted. I'm very happy I went out on a limb and decided to get this. The 30-day return policy is comforting because you know you can take a look at it, feel it and than make a decision. The moment I took it out of the box and tried it on I knew I was keeping it.If this is the style of ring you are looking for, than I highly recommend it (especially for the price). Other 6mm platinum rings can go for hundreds more dollars at jewelers. <end>  Fine Piece of Platinum  This ring I received a few days ago. I concerned about buying jewelry on the net. Took a chance and I am completely satisfied with the product. It looks elegant and you can feel the weight of the Platinum. N.B. Be sure to measure your ring size at you local jeweler befor buying online. Saves having to return and reduces your doubts. <end>  Amazon is in fact stamped on the ring  I wanted to help clarify the question about the inside stamping on the ring. Yes, it is stamped "PLAT" for platinum, and yes, it is stamped "Amazon" for Amazon.com. I would have really preferred the ring without the Amazon stamp on the inside, but it is a nice ring. I'm still trying to decide if the fit is right, but it looks great. <end>  Amazon stamp  I recently purchased this ring, and I must say that it is nice. The only problem is that the words "Amazon" are engraved on the inside of the ring, so if you want to place your own engraving it will be tough. I emailed customer support, and there is no way to purchase a ring without the "Amazon" stamp. <end>
 B00012CVVS  14k Two-Tone 6mm Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Scratched by anything  This ring is really cool looking and is exactly what I was looking for....unfortunately it started showing scratches on it from the first time I put it on. There is no way to keep it from getting marked up. the simple act of opening a door with a metal knob will create a mark. I went with 14k gold because I figured the higher base metal content would help keep it from getting marked up but no luck. This ring will show wear and tear like you wouldn't imagine. I wouldn't purchase it again. <end>  Exactly as described  I bought this for my husband and he loves it. Comfortable and looks nice. <end>  Great Value, Scratches Easily  I bought this ring as a wedding band for my husband since he wears a silver watch and a gold necklace, so the two-tone style was perfect. It is super comfortable and looks great, but be warned that it does scratch easily. We've been married for 7 months and it's definitely taken a beating. We're hoping that we can get some of the scratches buffed out, but my husband doesn't really care either way! <end>  Excellent  This is a very sturdy, affordable ring. It won't scratch, fade, or bend. It is excellent for someone who doesn't want to worry about breaking rings and having to get them repaired. If you aren't used to wearing a sturdy ring, which can bother some people, you might want to get something with smoother edges. <end>  gorgeous!!  we were quoted $700 for this exact ring at our jeweler, and to find it on here for $225 is amazing! its has a good weight and is really nice looking. we aren't getting married until December so it won't have any wear until then. if there are any problems i will amend my review. <end>
 B00012FFNO  Jewelry Stax 9 - Blue ||	  No jewelry box needed.  I use these trays stacked in my safe to store my jewelry securely and keep the items well organized. Made labels as to contents of each tray to put on the side making it easier to locate the tray I need. Works great. Have used these for years without any problems. <end>  great organizer  Bought this for myself and several different designs of the same size to organize my jewelry more easily. I love it. They stack great and can get 4 levels in my dresser drawer. Love them. Holds a lot too. <end>
 B00012NOH8  Jade dangle earrings, 'Spirit of Bamboo, Path to Enlightenment' ||	  beautiful earrings  My girlfriend almost jumped on me when I gave these to her. She loved them! Beautifully cut, nice design and color. Also received a hand-written note from the carver. Just wish more the retail profit went to the men and women making the products. <end>
 B00012NT4Q  Ring, 'Bumble Bee' 8.5 (US Ring Size) ||	  Excellent Craftmanship  My wife loves this beautiful ring, excellent description. The size fits perfect. <end>
 B00012PVW4  14K Yellow Gold Handy Figaro Link Chain ||	  Gold Figaro Link  The picture makes it look larger than it really is. Find for a woman but not as a man's chain. <end>  Great chain for a great price.  My wife love this chain  -) <end>
 B00012PWPA  14K White Gold. Fancy Men's Bracelet ||	  Very well made and better looking than the picture!  i waited a week before making the review so not to be influenced with the excitement of receiving something new. i'm very happy with this gold bracelet for many reasons - the design is quite unique (as opposed to a cuban, figaro, mariner or byzantine bracelet). the links are solid on every attachment which means it will last a very long time. i really like the way the bars contrast with the oval links and the bars are etched with greek symbols.before i received the item, i contacted the seller and alex was very helpful. email updates were sent to me quickly. i'll say the customer service by the seller is excellent. the only thing i would have wanted that it didn't come with is the 14k stamp. i can overlook that since i bought the bracelet for me and the purpose of jewelry, in my opinion, is to provide a general sense of good vibes. my life is beautiful - the seller's mantra is so appropriate because if you can afford fairly expensive jewelry, then you have a good life compared to a lot of people who are struggling and can not afford to spend on unnecessary items. <end>
 B00012PXFO  14Kt Yellow Gold Accustomed Figaro Chain ||	  Buyer Beware  Ok I purchased this exact item, as you can see its a 22 inch, 5 mm figaro gold necklace.... what i recieved was a 22 inch 4 mm necklace! And I also thought it was odd that they would send a sucker as well with a $400 purchase.... kind of funny.... send a sucker to the sucker.... If you do decide to work with this company, do not trust what they are giving you is actually what you are recieving... check it out <end>
 B00013N06C  Wellesley College Blue "Seal" Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  Expected better quality  Obviously, I purchased this item as it represents my Alma Mater. It arrived and instead of a sturdy polished piece of jewelry, it was very thin and the back of the charm was rough and unfinished. I would have gladly paid more for a better designed charm that I could wear proudly. I will mention this to the Wellesley Alumnae Association to address the product. Also, I specifically informed the vendor that I will be wearing it as a charm and instead of a necklace attachment(bale), I required a lobster clasp. They agreed and sent it as a pendant regardless of my request.It would probably be simpler if I took it to a jeweler and have it modified for the intended use. The designer is peddling poorly crafted products and the vendor should make sure that each order is delivered as ordered. <end>
 B00013U8WG  Sterling Silver Heart-Shape Amethyst Ring Size 7 ||	  Beautiful and unique ring  Really beautiful and uniquely designed ring. The stones are a light purple color. The ring is well made and exactly as pictured. <end>
 B00014NQEW  Sim. Pearl 18k/Sterling Silver Ring ||	  ELEGANT, SPECTACULAR  I was so excited to find this ring''' online, I looked everywhere, NEIMAN MARCUS, SAKS, ICE.COM,MACY'S, NORDSTROMS,LORD& TAYLOR, TARGET, MANY OTHER SITES AND WHEN I WENT ON AMAZON TO ORDER A MOVIE I FORGOT THAT THEY HAD JEWELRY, I FOUND THE MOST BEAUTIFUL JEWELRY AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE. I HAVE AN AD FOR MIKIMOTO JEWELRY WITH A SIMILIAR RING $12000, YOUR RING FROM PALM BEACH IS MAGNIFICENT. I WORE IT LAST NITE AND THE COMPLIMENTS. IM SO HAPPY FOR THE NEW YEAR. <end>
 B00014ZGOA  Coconut shell necklace, 'My Family' 24" L ||	  BEAUTIFUL  If you are an elephant lover, this is an absolute beauty. Very light weight and can be used as jewelry or draped on a vase for that unique personalization. A must have! <end>
 B000152APC  Knitting Charm - Sterling Silver ||	  So cute!!  I bought this as a Mother's Day gift for my Mom - She loves to knit, and I thought this would be a neat addition to her silver charm collection. The detail in this piece is great!! <end>  Knitting Charm Sterling Silver  The sterling silver charm is just lovely. The price was right also.The charm was on sale for $16.00.I did not see what the shipping and handling would be before I made my order. I found out later that it wass another $10.00. I feel this amount is really outrageous. I owned a small shop and never had that kind of price for shipping and handling. I will not be buying again from this jeweler. <end>
 B000158V8M  Sterling Silver Gold Plated With Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 5.5 ||	  Beautiful but HUGE  This ring was so beautiful. This ring was a MONSTER sitting on my finger. Sent it back. 5 STARS to the company for IMMEDIATE refund. They were wonderful. Would absolutely purchase from them again, without hesitation. I will read the DESCRIPTION better next time! <end>  Beautiful but HUGE  This ring was so beautiful. This ring was a MONSTER sitting on my finger. Sent it back. 5 STARS to the company for IMMEDIATE refund. They were wonderful. Would absolutely purchase from them again, without hesitation. I will read the DESCRIPTION better next time! <end>
 B00015EJKG  Mallorca Pearl Gold Plated Brass With Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 6.5 ||	  BEAUTIFUL RING  THE PICTURE DOES NOT DO THIS RING JUSTICE.THE RING HAS A BEAUTIFUL GOLD FINISH AND THE PEARL AND STONES ARE GORGEOUS. IT IS SO COMFORTABLE TO WEAR AND LOOKS LIKE IT COST A HUNDRED DOLLARS OR MORE. I LOVE THIS RING.THANKS GEMWORKS FOR GIVING US SENIORS ON LIMITED INCOME BEAUTIFUL ITEMS AT AFFORDABLE PRICES.BUY THIS RING,YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED. <end>
 B00015EJMO  Sterling Silver Gold Plated With Peridot Ring Size 11 ||	  Very Nice Ring!  I love it. The service was great right from the start.I love the e-mails that tell me where the shipment is, and when I can expect it.The product is just as beautiful as it was on the site.I am very, very happy! <end>
 B00015EJTC  Sterling Silver Gold Plated With Peridot Ring Size 9 ||	  Very Nice Ring!  I love it. The service was great right from the start.I love the e-mails that tell me where the shipment is, and when I can expect it.The product is just as beautiful as it was on the site.I am very, very happy! <end>
 B00015VKDK  Blomdahl Crystal Medical Plastic Earrings ||	  A miracle for the super nickel sensitive  After twelve years of piercing my ears and switching in earrings of every metal imaginable (14k, 18k, 24k gold, titanium, silver...) these plastic earrings were the first ones that I was able to wear for more than a few hours without an allergic reaction. After piercing my ears and putting these in immediately, I've worn these for about four weeks now without any swelling or redness. I just use a little hydrogen peroxide on a q-tip twice a day. Definitely must try these earrings if super allergic to nickel. <end>  AWESOME  My daughter's ears are super sensitive. These are the only earrings she is able to wear, with out breaking out. She has tried everything. I try to tell everyone about these. They are awesome! <end>  Works great, but needs some fixes  Bought a pair of these for my daughter who can't seem to tolerate any type of metal in her ear. Hoping these would allow her some time to heal them up. They were working GREAT, and the ears were healing up nicely.But...the posts did seem to bend some and I was afraid to straighten it out for fear it might snap off. Then last week the back fell off, and she lost an earring down the drain. It also seems the posts are just a tad too short. Always felt like the back was not on very securely, and if I pushed it on tighter it pinched her ear.So that being said, if this earring had a locking back on it with a slightly longer post, I would have given it 5 stars. Now I have to buy another pair, and at $25 a pair, NOT happy about that! <end>  Wonderful ear piercing experience  Just had my first ear piercing this morning with it at a clinic. I have sensitive skin and I'm allergic to even pure gold. I really like the fact it's medical level plastic and these ear rings eventually looks pretty cute as regular studs. I've been wearing them for over 12 hours and no itchy nor any discomfortable feelings at all!  ) <end>  GORGEOUS  THESE SHOULD HELP DAUGHTERS EARS JUST LIKE THE TITANIUM ONES. NOTE THAT THE SELLER ADDED A NOTE WITH THE PURCHASE - STATING THAT THESE SHOULD NOT BE CLEANED WITH ALCOHOL OR HYDROGEN PEROXIDE, THESE WILL TURN YELLOW IF SO.THEY ALSO NOTED THAT THESE ARE MORE FRAGILE THAN THE TITANIUM. THE FRAGILITY IS THE ONLY REASON WHY I GAVE 4 STARS.THEY ARE MORE BEAUTIFUL IN PERSON. THE PHOTO DOES NOT DO ENOUGH JUSTICE. <end>  Nice... but plastic broke after 2 weeks  I really liked these earrings, and did not have any allergy problems with them. However, after 2 weeks, the plastic bent and broke. I was sleeping with them, so probably it bent while I was sleeping... Disappointing... <end>  Good for temporary use  I got these because my third lobe piercing is only a couple weeks old and I am having surgery. You can't wear metal for surgery so I was told to look for plastic earrings. The only problem is that pulling them out it tends to pull on the piercing. So for ears that still really haven't healed it hurts a bit taking them out. They are also larger than metal post. <end>  Finally I can wear earrings!  I have tried every kind of metal earrings out there and every single time no matter how good the jewelry is- I have a big reaction! My ears would become very red and hurt and I would only be able to wear them for about an hour or two and then had to take them out. I received these for Christmas and am thrilled because for the very first time I have been able to put these earrings in and leave them in. These are very pretty and now that I know that they won't cause a reaction- I will buy more! <end>  They broke  My daughter was finally able to wear earrings that didn't itch-but they broke after 1 week!! These were a lot more expensive than other plastic earrings- quite a disapointment <end>  Love these, hadn't been able to wear earrings in 10 years  I hadn't been able to wear earrings in ten years. When I tested to see if the holes were closed, I stuck an earring in and pulled it right back out---took 24 hours for my ears to recover just from that. I thought I would take a chance and order these. They work!! They are amazing, and they look very pretty. I thought they might look too "little girl" but they don't at all. They just look like studs. Highly recommend. <end>  Plastic earings  These earings are working great so far, my ear is a little tender when I first put them in, but after about 15 min. you would never even know you had them in.Thanks <end>  cheap-looking, flimsy, and I'm allergic!  The funny thing with me is that I can wear almost anything in the first holes in my earlobes, which I got at least thirty-five years ago as a young child. I react to every earring I use in the holes in my cartilage  itching, swelling, oozing, and redness progressing to actual infection. I tried nylon earrings that come with about 18 identical pairs in a little plastic box for a very reasonable price, and reacted to them.But I saw these earrings, and "medical grade plastic" must be good stuff, right? Even though I'm in the medical profession, and I can't think of much plastic that is made to be used inside the body for extended periods of time. I certainly don't think I know everything, so I gave them a try.They came in a pretty satin bag and a neat little plastic display case, but when I opened that, the earrings looked much like the painfully cheap ones I'd already tried, with perhaps a bit less sparkle. not worth the money I paid for them, even if I could wear them. and I can't wear them, not as I'd hoped anyway. <end>
 B00015VKF8  Blomdahl Amethyst Medical Plastic Earrings ||	  Not what I was looking for  I am worried the backs are going to fall off. My ears kept weeping with them in. Finally bought a pair of titanium sleeper hoops and my ears have finally settled down. <end>
 B00015VKIA  Mini Crystal Golden Titanium Earrings 3mm ||	  Looks can be deceiving  While these earrings are great for people with sensitive ears and I have found them to be comfortable to wear on a daily basis, the photo makes them look much bigger than they actually are. In this case, &quot;mini&quot; truly means mini; the earrings aren't much bigger than the period at the end of a sentence. Also, the photo leads you to believe that you're getting three pairs for the price, when you're actually getting one very tiny pair. <end>
 B00015VKW6  Lg-Blomdahl's white pearl earrings 6 mm ||	  Not too big, not too small  Great size. Love the Blomdahl earrings because of my sensitive earlobes. My poor pierced ears would itch, redden, burn, etc. But the Blomdahl's have changed all that. Wear them 24 hours a day. Interchange with the silver and the gold ones. The gold overlay is short lived, so don't buy the gold ones expecting them to look gold for any length of time. Mine wore off in about 2 weeks. Also, now that I have been wearing them about 3 months, I finally tried some of my other pierced earrings to go to lunch, dinner, etc. and had no problems wearing them as I had before. These Blomdahl earrings must have allowed my earlobes to heal internally is my only answer to that. Love them. <end>  Good Purchase  These are the first earrings I have been able to wear in years since I have a severe metal allergy. I wish the manufacturer offered more styles. <end>
 B00015YDW0  Natural orchid gold-plated brooch, 'Shy Sisters' 3" W 1" L ||	  Feel as beautiful as it looks  I bought this brooch for my mother's birthday. I cannot tell you my mother's reaction since I haven't given her yet, but I was very happy when I saw the piece. It was as beautiful as it looks of the images provided, but it also gave me very special feelings when I opened the pretty patterned gift box, which the brooch was in it. There was a handwriting thank you post card included in the package. I know my mother would love it, too and I am very happy with the purchase. Be advised to order well advance since it is coming from Thailand. <end>
 B00016C8O4  Torrini Sterling Silver Teddy Bear Cufflinks ||	  Very stylish  If you want to wear something that is both stylish and different at the same time, go with these. They are also very easy to wear. <end>
 B00017WRL2  Sterling Silver Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  EXQUISITE FINE BEAUTIFUL  I OWN THIS RING AND THE PENDANT TO MATCH.BOTH ARE JUST ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL. IT MATCHES WITH ALL MY WHITE GOLD,AND THE RHODOLITE STONES ARE PRETTIER THAN MY RUBIES. LISTEN UP LADIES,THIS IS A KEEPER,THIS IS A WINNER. <end>
 B00017WRLC  Sterling Silver Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 10 ||	  EXQUISITE FINE BEAUTIFUL  I OWN THIS RING AND THE PENDANT TO MATCH.BOTH ARE JUST ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL. IT MATCHES WITH ALL MY WHITE GOLD,AND THE RHODOLITE STONES ARE PRETTIER THAN MY RUBIES. LISTEN UP LADIES,THIS IS A KEEPER,THIS IS A WINNER. <end>
 B00017WRSU  Sterling Silver Iolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  Leticia  This is a very nice ring for this price. The stone is suspended in a bridge-like style. It gives the impression of a very expensive ring. It looked really large to me in the picture, but it is of average size. If you like Iolite, you will really appreciate it. <end>  Love this ring !!!  This ring is really an eye catcher as the other person said that reviewed it, it looks real big but it is a perfect size,I would like to buy it in a larger size for someone else hint gemworks !!! <end>
 B00017WS0M  Brass Gold Plated Eagle With Black Onyx And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 8 ||	  Cool Cool  Well, it looks good and I liked it. I gave it to my dad for christmas. I know there is only like one picture on here, but you'll like it. <end>
 B00017WS0W  Brass Gold Plated Eagle With Black Onyx And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 11 ||	  Cool Cool  Well, it looks good and I liked it. I gave it to my dad for christmas. I know there is only like one picture on here, but you'll like it. <end>
 B00017WS9I  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Ring Size 5.5 ||	  Lovely  This ring has a lovely sheen to it. It took my breath away when I opened the box. It is very comfortable. However, you should know that it is not filigree all the way around. This makes it very comfortable. However, it leaves an odd juxtoposition between the lacy filigree and the practical band beneath.The stone also comes out quite a way from my finger, making it a pretty tall ring. <end>  Expectations Exceeded  When I ordered this ring, I thought that it would be nice. I didn't expect it to be such an eye-catching piece of jewelry. Everyone I work with noticed it and asked where I got it. I've received more compliments on this ring than my diamond wedding ring, which cost thousands of dollars! This ring has exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to buy this ring as a nice gift for a graduate or close family member. I only wish it came in a ring box rather than a small zip-lock bag inside of a flat box. If you package it yourself, it will make a nice gift. <end>
 B00017WSA2  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Ring Size 8 ||	  Lovely  This ring has a lovely sheen to it. It took my breath away when I opened the box. It is very comfortable. However, you should know that it is not filigree all the way around. This makes it very comfortable. However, it leaves an odd juxtoposition between the lacy filigree and the practical band beneath.The stone also comes out quite a way from my finger, making it a pretty tall ring. <end>  Expectations Exceeded  When I ordered this ring, I thought that it would be nice. I didn't expect it to be such an eye-catching piece of jewelry. Everyone I work with noticed it and asked where I got it. I've received more compliments on this ring than my diamond wedding ring, which cost thousands of dollars! This ring has exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to buy this ring as a nice gift for a graduate or close family member. I only wish it came in a ring box rather than a small zip-lock bag inside of a flat box. If you package it yourself, it will make a nice gift. <end>
 B00017WSTS  Brass Gold Plated Eagle With Black Onyx And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  Cool Cool  Well, it looks good and I liked it. I gave it to my dad for christmas. I know there is only like one picture on here, but you'll like it. <end>
 B00017WU1E  Sterling Silver Pink Enamel, Brushed Gold Design And Citrine Ring Size 7.5 ||	  Great ring  I wanted an enamel ring like the Hidalgo stack rings, but didn't want to spend a lot of $. This ring is really great looking and fits very nicely. It is an unusual design, and I get a lot of compliments on it. It is a designer look at less than $40!! <end>
 B00017WUP0  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Citrine Ring Size 9 ||	  no  It looked different on here, like it had some sort of uniquness to it. and it didnt, I got it. And its very ugly, dont waste your money on this. <end>
 B00017X3X8  Gold plated earrings, 'Butterfly' 0.4" W x 3.2" L ||	  Cute!  These little earrings look great, and the hanging strands are long but not too showy. The one thing I didn't like was that I can't wear them to bed at night. The butterfly sections dig into my ears.  ( <end>
 B00017X4HI  Lapis lazuli necklace, 'Blue Sea' 15.4" L ||	  Lapis necklace--split decision  I love the color of this necklace. It's very pretty and I wear it a lot. BUT, the first one I received left blue marks on my neck. The vendor allegedly obtained another one from Peru but my suspicions are that they just washed the original one until it no longer bled color because the replacement was a lot lighter blue than the first one. The necklace comes with a handwritten card, allegedly from the Peruvian woman who made it. My feeling is that this is a scam, which is even worse because it is endorsed by National Geographic. The necklace was not inexpensive and I don't believe what I received was worth what I paid for it. <end>
 B000184Y58  Large Sterling Silver Claddagh Ring ||	  Quality!  I wanted to buy a claddagh ring for my son - and came upon this ring. When it arrived, I really was in awe of just how beautiful it is! It is a larger, more bold ring - definitely more masculine. This is a gorgeous gift for someone looking to buy a quality piece of jewelry for someone they love.It's too bad that the ring will eventually be outgrown because my boy is only 12. Hopefully I can have it resized later or find another one that is this nice! <end>  Perfect  The first review on this ring set my heart on buying it for my boyfriend, and he loved it! The picture isn't nearly as beautiful as the ring is in person, and it's the perfect size for a man to wear. <end>  Claddagh Ring  I ordered this claddagh ring for my boyfriend as a graduation present, and it came in today. (Exactly a week after I ordered it, 2 days before the estimated arrival.) It is absolutely gorgeous! The packaging it came in is perfect for giving it in as a gift. It is the perfect size for a man to wear. I'm afraid it might be a little small, so I'm hoping it'll be able to be resized. But it is of great quality, looks very solid and shiny. I'm very happy with it!I plan to order the smaller one for myself soon, after seeing the quality of this one. So I would definatly order from this company again. <end>  pleased  )  The reviews really made my decision easy. My boyfriend had been wanting a claddagh for a while now, so I took the holiday as an opportunity to get him one. I compared prices and quality a good ammount and this seemed to be the best option. It got a little close to Christmas even though I ordered it Nov 25th. I was worried since the tracking info wasn't updating further than "shipped". I called UPS, USPS, and even emailed Something Silver. UPS and USPS were really no help at all, but the reply from Something Silver seemed geniune and they really wanted to make sure I got what I paid for. The ring came a day later and I was very relieved. Its really beautiful and my boyfriend loves it. <end>  really nice ring  this is a really really nice ring. it's nice and clean looking, wonderful high-polish, and a nice weight to it. perfect for men or any lady who likes a larger ring. <end>  great claddagh ring for a man!  I bought this for my boyfriend based on previous purchasers reviews. They were right! The picture doesn't do it justice. It is a great size and quite manly, which is a little hard to find sometimes with these rings. My boyfriend is a firefighter so he's pretty hard on his jewelry and so far it has held up quite well. <end>
 B00018I24W  Men's 14k Two-Tone 6mm Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Reflective Quality...  This item is simply beautiful. I chose it because of the reflective quality of the two-toned metals. The white gold, my preference for the pure beauty of silver and the yellow gold, his preference for the strength of gold. the polished, smooth metal and the contemporary design, makes it the right pick for the recently engaged or the happily married! <end>  Classic  I absolutely love this ring, just looking at it gives you the sensation of touching the silky sheen of it and the delecately contrasting colors embrace the modern while still staying faithful to the traditional. its perfect! <end>  disappointed  I fell in love with the picture. The ring showed to be sligthly brushed looking. When the ring arrived I was quick to learn the picture looks nothing like the ring. The ring is a bright polish and the yellow gold is barely visiable. I'm very disappointed with amazon for the lack of description. <end>  Nice simple band / ring  This is a very nice, simple, classy, ring for men. The white gold is the primary focus and the yellow gold is very subtle - which gives the ring its class. It is polished and reflects what you see in amazon's picture. I am not sure what the other's who gave this one star were complaining about. The picture shows a shiny ring and that is exactly what I got. As far as quality goes - it is a gold ring and is without flaws. If it was flawed I would send it back and wait for the replacement to write a review. Amazon always has great customer service and they want you to be happy.Nice ring!!! <end>  DTip  Excellent quality, I got exactly what I expected, a fine-looking band for a very reasonable price. <end>  Pretty ring, but beware.....  I was very happy when I first saw this ring! It fit, looked great on my finger, and then BLAM! there was the defective portion. There was a very noticeable anomaly on the white gold part, a blackish smear that was obviously a defect in the process of dyeing the yellow gold to white. I thought about exchanging it for another one, but figured, &quot;You know, Amazon just recently launched their Jewelry department. If their Quality Control is so bad as to send the customer a defective ring, they don't deserve a second chance!&quot; Sorry Amazon, do better and you just might succeed. <end>  Scratched by anything  This ring is really cool looking and is exactly what I was looking for....unfortunately it started showing scratches on it from the first time I put it on. There is no way to keep it from getting marked up. the simple act of opening a door with a metal knob will create a mark. I went with 14k gold because I figured the higher base metal content would help keep it from getting marked up but no luck. This ring will show wear and tear like you wouldn't imagine. I wouldn't purchase it again. <end>  Exactly as described  I bought this for my husband and he loves it. Comfortable and looks nice. <end>  Great Value, Scratches Easily  I bought this ring as a wedding band for my husband since he wears a silver watch and a gold necklace, so the two-tone style was perfect. It is super comfortable and looks great, but be warned that it does scratch easily. We've been married for 7 months and it's definitely taken a beating. We're hoping that we can get some of the scratches buffed out, but my husband doesn't really care either way! <end>  Excellent  This is a very sturdy, affordable ring. It won't scratch, fade, or bend. It is excellent for someone who doesn't want to worry about breaking rings and having to get them repaired. If you aren't used to wearing a sturdy ring, which can bother some people, you might want to get something with smoother edges. <end>  gorgeous!!  we were quoted $700 for this exact ring at our jeweler, and to find it on here for $225 is amazing! its has a good weight and is really nice looking. we aren't getting married until December so it won't have any wear until then. if there are any problems i will amend my review. <end>
 B00018I25Q  Platinum 5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Beautiful wedding band that has held up well!  This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band. I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great. We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for. It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men's ring. I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band. Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want. <end>
 B00018I706  Men's 14k Two-Tone 7mm Celtic Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Sturdy, clean lines, 14K  I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available, my love gave it to me for our handfasting. It's exactly the measurements described, but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler. Has a good weight, stamped inside, "Novell 14 K HANDMADE." Beyond that, it's beautiful. The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges. A little bigger than the average "lady's ring," it could work for a lady or a gent. <end>  My Husband Loves This Ring  My Husband and I just got married on June 9, 2007. I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows. I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal. My husband gets so many compliments on his ring. Because it is beautiful and unique. It is high quality too. Thanks Amazon. You helped to make our day perfect.Laura <end>  A Classic Celtic Eternal Knot Band.  An eye catching combination of style, quality and statement. The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love. It could be a wedding band, or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side. <end>
 B00018MN5Q  Irish Penny Harp Two Tone Coin Cuff Links - 1 Pair ||	  Great cuff links!  A handsome pair of cuff links in a lovely box suitable for gift giving. They shipped it very quickly too. <end>  Great cufflinks  The picture does no justice for the detail on the gold accents on these cufflinks. They are very intricately done and well worth the money paid. They were a half pence coin which is about the diameter of a dime, not the full pence because that coin is about the diameter of a nickel. <end>  Terrible company to work with - awful customer service  The cufflinks were delivered late, and the seller did not respond to four emails over five days when I realized that the delivery was delayed, including one email offering to buy another set if they would overnight them - I needed them my wedding. Terrible experience with the company overall. Cannot recommend ordering from this company.After finally contacting amazon, I heard back from the company, who blamed all of my problems on the US postal service (who I guess they also blame for delivering my EMAILS that they never responded to). By then it was too late, and I needed to go to the store to get cufflinks for my wedding.Cufflinks are as described. <end>
 B00018MPSQ  Philippines 25 Sentimos Butterfly Two Tone Gold Filled Rope Bezel Coin on 18" Necklace ||	  Great Christmas surprise  Love this coin necklace! The butterfly has special meaning and the coin is stunning!Great gift from my sweetheart and husband of 20 years! <end>
 B0001APOM8  Cultured Pearls And Diamond Necklace In 14kt Yellow Gold. 17&quot; ||	  A Lovely Addition  I received this necklace as a Christmas gift, and I absolutely love it. In real life it is even more beautiful than it appears in the picture. The pearls are a nice size - especially the drop pearl, and even though the diamonds in the "diamond heart" are very small, the heart does not look small in the context of the necklace. Rather, it adds just the right sparkle. I will caution that this necklace is delicate (the gold chain is a bit thin), so you'll want to be careful with it - but I haven't had any problems so far.I have never been disappointed in anything bought from Ross-Simons! <end>
 B0001CKWHS  NFL Logo Pin ||	  A Nice Touch For any Fan  Good quality pin for hats, lapels, backpacks and more! Great quality at a great price! Colors and details are very nice on this pin! <end>
 B0001DXS64  10kt. White Gold, Created Pink Sapphire & Diamond Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  LOVE THE RING  I WOULD FOR SURE BUY THE RING AGAIN. IT IS BEAUTIFUL AND A GREAT BUY. <end>
 B0001DXS6O  10kt. White Gold, Created Pink Sapphire & Diamond Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  LOVE THE RING  I WOULD FOR SURE BUY THE RING AGAIN. IT IS BEAUTIFUL AND A GREAT BUY. <end>
 B0001EZDNY  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  Nice Ring, Picture doesn't represent the real ring  This Ring is nice, the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here, but I would recommend to read about the "carats"[1] of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is...My fiance loves it, and here's[2] a *fuzzy* picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring..[1]http //www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png <end>
 B0001EZE1U  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  1/10ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire in 14k Yellow Gold  It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it's height and how big the diamond is and the setting <end>
 B0001EZE74  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  1/10ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire in 14k Yellow Gold  It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it's height and how big the diamond is and the setting <end>
 B0001EZE9C  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  1/10ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire in 14k Yellow Gold  It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it's height and how big the diamond is and the setting <end>
 B0001EZLJA  1/5 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  beautiful  Beautiful women deserve beautiful jewels. I'm not ashamed to say--I get the best. I deny myself nothing. Why should I? Luv ya <end>
 B0001EZLU4  1/5 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  beautiful  Beautiful women deserve beautiful jewels. I'm not ashamed to say--I get the best. I deny myself nothing. Why should I? Luv ya <end>
 B0001EZLYU  1/5 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  beautiful  Beautiful women deserve beautiful jewels. I'm not ashamed to say--I get the best. I deny myself nothing. Why should I? Luv ya <end>
 B0001EZPMI  1/4 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Ms. Adam  The ring is beautiful, but I think it is not for an adult. It is a very thin and tiny ring not what you see on the picture. <end>
 B0001EZPQY  1/4 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Ms. Adam  The ring is beautiful, but I think it is not for an adult. It is a very thin and tiny ring not what you see on the picture. <end>
 B0001EZUIW  1/2 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Not worth the money  I was very disappointed when I recieved this ring. While the stone was very nice, the setting looked very cheap and flimsy. There just was not enough gold thickness anywhere and it looked like it would be very easy to bend or be damaged in everyday wear. Besides getting bent, I would worry that the stone might pop out of this setting too easily as well because the supports for the stone were not very substantial either. While the price of this ring was reasonable for the size and quality of the diamond, I really think a much better quality setting could have been used to hold the lovely stone-the setting cheapened the whole look of the ring. This ring was pretty to look at but I would be afraid to actually wear it! <end>
 B0001F062Q  1/10 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Great quality!  This was the first time I had purchased jewelery online and I can say I am very impressed. The quality and finish of the ring is excellent and the diamond is nicer than I expected in this price range. I especially like the tone of the 14k white gold over the 10k and that is uncommon with this stone size and price range. <end>  Small, yet i like it.  Well, i thought that it was going to be a little bigger than it was. Its cute though, i have no complaints. Definitely something people noticed. <end>  IM EXITED!!!  I ordered this ring for my girl, future fiancee! it looks big on the pictures but once i opened it it was small! still i love it and i hope my girl likes it tomorrow when i get on my knee!thx SZUL i like the fact i sent you guys a message requesting it before Saturday and I got it today  ] really good service. Will come back for future products <end>
 B0001F06H6  1/10 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k Yellow Gold ||	  Delighted  I choose this product as a gift for my sister and she found awesomeShe loved it at first sight100% satisfiedthank you guys <end>
 B0001F06I0  1/10 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k Yellow Gold ||	  Delighted  I choose this product as a gift for my sister and she found awesomeShe loved it at first sight100% satisfiedthank you guys <end>
 B0001F087O  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Beautiful!  The ring looks very nice. But I would recommend going first to jewelry stores and see for yourself the size of the stones, so you know what you are ordering. The picture doesn't show the real size and you might be dissapointed. Other than that, I am happy with my ring! <end>  Beautiful!  The ring looks very nice. But I would recommend going first to jewelry stores and see for yourself the size of the stones, so you know what you are ordering. The picture doesn't show the real size and you might be dissapointed. Other than that, I am happy with my ring! <end>
 B0001F08AG  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  not satisfase  i expect like regular size of ring,but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy, the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold <end>
 B0001F08HO  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  not satisfase  i expect like regular size of ring,but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy, the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold <end>  not satisfase  i expect like regular size of ring,but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy, the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold <end>
 B0001H5YEY  Sterling Silver Synthetic Ruby And Cubic Zirconia Neclace, 18" ||	  beautiful  this is a beautiful necklace. when i got it, it had a broken link, but no problem, i had it fixed for under 20 dollars, which is a good price considering what it could be listed for. this beauty of sparkles will look good on any girl who wears it. <end>
 B0001H5ZYS  Sterling Silver Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 9 ||	  EXQUISITE FINE BEAUTIFUL  I OWN THIS RING AND THE PENDANT TO MATCH.BOTH ARE JUST ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL. IT MATCHES WITH ALL MY WHITE GOLD,AND THE RHODOLITE STONES ARE PRETTIER THAN MY RUBIES. LISTEN UP LADIES,THIS IS A KEEPER,THIS IS A WINNER. <end>
 B0001H603I  Sterling Silver Peridot Ring Size 6.5 ||	  Happy with my purchase  Love this ring! Much better in person. It's certainly a ring I get a lot of compliments on. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B0001HYSZU  10kt Diamond 'Knotted Heart' Ring ||	  unique  I believe this ring was designed with a love-mate in mind. very nice looking piece! <end>
 B0001IXBHU  5 X 7 jewelry and silver polishing cloth. ||	  Good Cleaner  Used silver polishing cloth on some jewelry and some antique silver. Worked well. Received order promptly and in great condition. <end>  Good polisher  These worked well; I didn't care for the S&H fee, however when I contacted the seller he reduced the fee. <end>  does the job  These are free in Turkey when you buy silver. Lost mine. They work great, but shipping was high for a one OZ item. <end>  Great polish cloth for gold jewelry  Does the job! Cloth is small, does not stain your hands, cleans andpolishes excellently! Get it for brightening up your rings! <end>  Okay, but not great  It's okay, but it isn't quite what I expected. It didn't seem to work any better than the inside of my t-shirt. <end>  Silver Polishing Cloth  I received my polishing cloth in less than a week which was great. However after me using the cloth a few times the cloth would no longer clean my silver jewelry. So if you are looking for a cleaning cloth to last for a long while this would not be for you. I would not buy this product again. <end>  It works.  I bought this because I have a lot of silver jewelry that I wear. It does the job quite well, but on my dirtiest items, I found myself wishing I had a small toothbrush or some similar tool in order to get into the nooks & crannies without causing damage to the item itself.It takes a lot of effort to clean jewelry this way, but compared to other options, this is the safest & least damaging (in my opinion). If you don't have the time to sit down for a few hours & polish your jewelry, don't get this. Opt for something else. <end>
 B0001J0NRU  14kt. White Gold, 1 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 6) ||	  It is stunning!!  When we were shopping for wedding rings, I wanted something that was simple, but elegant. Because I have small hands and my profession prevents me from wearing anything too gaudy, I wanted a flat surface (nothing with prongs, etc.) and something that stood out, that was different. This ring caught my eye instantly - the way the diamonds sparkled - I was sold even before trying it on. There were two other sizes (1.5 ct. and 2.0 ct.), but our wedding budget was tight and I was content with the 1 ct.; I also opted for yellow gold. On my wedding day, my husband placed this ring on my finger; much to my surprise, it was the 2.0 ct.!! We recently celebrated our 1-year anniversary, for which I received a diamond anniversary band that is a perfect match. This ring is absolutely exquisite and is very versatile (wear alone or with baguettes, princess cut, etc.). The compliments never end!! <end>
 B0001M160A  14k Gold Black Freshwater Cultured Pearl 3-Pc. Set (5-5.5mm) ||	  Very Chintzy. A co-worker even asked if I got them at the dollar store.  The order arrived 3 days later than the latest delivery estimate. The Pearls themselves are small and dull, and both the bracelet and the necklace are small and fragile. They don't even come in a nice box or any box at all for that matter. I would not buy this set from this seller again. I am currently trying to decide whether I will even give this as a gift at all (as it might make me look really chintzy just like the pearls) or should just send it back for a refund (unfortunately it is mere days till xmas so I think I might be stuck). <end>
 B0001O96O6  1.35 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold over Sterling Silver &quot;Mom&quot; Pendant and Chain ||	  mom gift  got for my mom for mothers day and she loves it. she hasnt worn it yet because she currently wears a necklace my brother got her, but she said this is next to be worn. <end>
 B0001V4XNI  Narrow Openwork Ring (size  7) ||	  This ring rocks!  This ring totally amazed me. The quality is so much better than I had expected. It's truly a very pretty, shiny, and kewl ring. I got it for my boyfriend and he totally loves it. <end>
 B0001W9HVU  Wine Pushpins ||	  Cute  The push pins work perfect on the wine cork board I created at home. It completes the whole design of the cork board. <end>  Great little touch for a wine lover  Purchased these to go along with a wine bottle cork board gift and they were a hit. They are super small but very cute and hold a good amount of weight. Really pleased with the seller too! They have LOTS of little push pins to choose from. <end>  really cute...  bought these awhile back and they are nicely made and very cute. Small for the price but couldnt find anything else like it that I really wanted. Company was good to work with. No major issues. <end>
 B0001WI7CU  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Purple Crystal Bursting Flower Birthstones Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  needs a little better workmanship  the materia is good but the stones fall out after very little use I wore this navel ring for about a month then i noticed that one of the side stones are gorn,after that they kept falling out one by one until there are no more left, so now i'm wonder how long would it take before the big stone in the middle falls out.but i guess i won't know cause i'm using one from body candy right now, to see how that holds up <end>
 B0001WI9B4  Pugster Buddhist Bracelet Christian Trinity Italian Charms ||	  Good product  You cannot go wrong with the Pugster Italian charms. They are a hardy product and easy to attach to bracelet. The latest ones purchased such as these two pink baby hands for my new niece are adorable. <end>
 B0001WI9HI  Pugster Name Cheyanne Italian Charm ||	  Cute but cheap  The watch is nice looking, but the links are really cheap. The are made of a thin metal and dent very easily. <end>
 B0001WI9UA  Pugster Baby Squirrel Animal Italian Charms ||	  Two thumbs up  I got this for a friend who collects teapots as a little something extra for under the tree. Well it is so totally cute. However alittle extra bonus is the back is not plain rather is has an what looks like an enamel design, what a nice surprise. Now if shes wears it on a chain she can show either side it's kinda two in one. LOVE itPS. does come in a nice little box, but I wish there was a littl more packing in the envelope, but it did arrive in perfect shape so that's just me. I would order any charm from them now. <end>  TEAPOTS GALORE  I HAVE COLLECTED TEAPOTS FOR AT LEAST 30 YEARS; SOME OLD, SOME NEW, SOME ARE ANTIQUE; ALL ARE GORGEOUS. WHEN I SAW THIS TEAPOT ON PUGSTER'S SITE, I WENT FOR IT; LOVE IT--ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. MOST PEOPLE WHO KNOW ME, KNOW OF THE PASSION I HAVE FOR TEAPOTS, SO IT DID NOT SURPRISE ANY OF THEM TO SEE IT-THEY JUST WANTED TO KNOW----------WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT? YEAH, THIS IS A HOUSE OF TEAPOTS, I HAVE 140 AT LAST COUNT. REGARDS, DONNA <end>
 B0001WIB8U  Pugster Purse Red Dangle Italian Charms ||	  Cute charm  This was another great buy and the shipping was fast. I am very pleased, and so is Josie. <end>
 B0001WIBO4  Pugster Twisted Leaf Shaped Blue/pink Murano Glass Bracelet Loose Beads ||	  great product!!  When I recieved this in the mail. I was happy to say itlooked just like the picture!! I order onr in gold as well! <end>
 B0001WIBRQ  Pugster Ladybug Blue Dangle Italian Charms ||	  Terrible.  This fell off the first day I had it. It's lost. Poorly designed. Too bad I bought several items at once from this company, because had I known...all their items have either fallen off or broken or caused problems snagging my clothes and ripping them. Never again. <end>
 B0001WIC5W  Pugster Golden Italian Charm Bracelet Red Duck Dangle ||	  Very cute  Aww I loved my ducky charm and I had it for quite a while and it actually fell off after a year or so. I was sad to see it go. But cute while it lasted. <end>
 B0001WIFZE  Pugster #1 Mother In Law Wedding Gift Ideas Italian Charm ||	  Charm  This was a hit. My mother-in-law loved it. Shipped on time even during the holiday months. It was smaller than I thought it would be but it fit on the bracelet. <end>
 B0001WIG0I  Pugster Heart Card Special Categories Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  AMAZING  Brilliant Quality, Easy to assemble/disassemble, Great for the picky friends and family as the bracelet can easily be personalised  ) <end>
 B0001WIG0S  Pugster Ace Diamonds Playing Cards Work & Leisure Italian Charm ||	  AMAZING  Brilliant Quality, Easy to assemble/disassemble, Great for the picky friends and family as the bracelet can easily be personalised  ) <end>
 B0001WIG12  Pugster Spade Card Work & Leisure Italian Charm ||	  AMAZING  Brilliant Quality, Easy to assemble/disassemble, Great for the picky friends and family as the bracelet can easily be personalised  ) <end>
 B0001WII5Q  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Belly Navel Ring Red Crystal Royal Monarch Crown January Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  DON'T ORDER THIS!!!  Don't order from this company! The picture here, as you can clearly see, is that of a brooch. Order it, and guess what shows up  A charm for a bracelet. Does that make any sense to anyone? In trying to get in touch with their customer service no one answered the phones, no one returned my email, and their "live chat" asks you to leave a message...so how is that live chat? STAY AWAY! <end>
 B0001WILF8  Pugster Golden Italian Charm Bracelet 4 Pcs July Ruby Color Birthstone Studded ||	  ruby birthstone charm  this is my birthstone so had to get it to go with the others its real pretty and I think it will stay that way. so still hoping to find more of these charms. <end>
 B0001WIN3I  Pugster Smiling Sunflowers Scenic & Nature Italian Charms ||	  Great gift for the bibliophile in your life, but...  I got this for my bibliophile wife. It's cute and she really enjoys it. As a gift, it went well with the Bookworm video game for the Gameboy Advance. Unfortunatley, the metal caused an alergic skin reaction. So if you are alergic to some metals used in jewlery, be caseful. She keeps the back coated with clear nail polish, that seems to do the trick. But I doubt the charm is all stainless steal as advertised. <end>
 B0001X2766  Size 6 - Sterling White Mother of Pearl Spanish Lace Ring ||	  SPECTACULAR, beautiful, breathtaking..........  Opened the package and WOW! This ring is gorgeous, very, very, eyecatching. About 1" long and 3/4" wide, an absolute "must have" for MOP lovers. <end>
 B0001X276G  Sterling Silver White Mother of Pearl Spanish Lace Ring ||	  SPECTACULAR, beautiful, breathtaking..........  Opened the package and WOW! This ring is gorgeous, very, very, eyecatching. About 1" long and 3/4" wide, an absolute "must have" for MOP lovers. <end>
 B0001X5BKK  Sterling Silver, Turquoise, and Variscite Mosaic Inlay Turtle Earrings ||	  beautiful!  The turquoise earrings are stylish, trendy and fun. They are well made. well worth the price. <end>
 B0001XA4KC  Heart Shaped Locket in 14kt. White Gold with Diamond Accent ||	  Ooooh, shiny  Girls like shiny things. Do you have a girl? Then, you're going to need (more) shiny things. <end>
 B0001XL6JA  X - Sterling Silver Heartline Spirit Bear Cuff - Small ||	  Roderick Tenorio Sterling Silver Spirit Bear Bracelet  Bracelet is lovely and as described. Packaged beautifully and can wrap and give as a gift. Arrived in time frame designated when I purchased.I will, in the future, select and purchase silver jewlery from this collection.I am very satisfied. <end>  Awesome Cuff!  I bought this for my husband as a Welcome Home gift (back from Afghanistan)...and he loved it!Me too!It's a wonderfully made silver cuff...for a man or a woman! <end>
 B0001Y0RHQ  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0001ZVCB0  14k Two Tone Gold 22 Inch X 3.1 mm Mariner Link Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  buyer beware  not as picturednot even two tonenot to weightstill waiting for resolution <end>
 B0001ZVHG0  3.09 ctw 14k Genuine Oval Blue Topaz Cross Pendant - JewelryWeb ||	  Prettier than the picture  I ordered another cross from Amazon in this style that had a picture with darker stones. That one turned out to have stones the color pictured for this one but cost twice as much. This cross was the one I ended up keeping and the stones were darker than what is shown in the picture. The stones in the picture look almost like aquamarines, but in person, the stones were a nice medium blue. Not a dark sapphire blue, but not a light blue either. Definitely worth the money. The pretty gold points added a nice touch. I got the cross for my niece's christening and thought it was delicate enough for a baby or little girl for special occasions. <end>
 B0001ZVTTU  Platinum 18 Inch X .5 mm Box Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Platinum 18 Inch X .5 mm Box Chain Necklace  Fast service and item was as described. <end>
 B0001ZVUG2  14k Yellow Gold 18" 0.6mm Box Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Not thrilled  I bought this necklace the day before Christmas Eve fully anticipating it's eventual demise at the hands of my curious five month old son. What I did not anticipate was after the second time wearing it, without my son having a chance to break it, it completely broke on it's own when I went to take it off. This was either due to equipment malfunction that went unnoticed or a disgusting display of poor workmanship. Whichever the reason I would not recommend this product to prospective buyers. <end>
 B0001ZVW42  14k Yellow Gold D/C 16 Inch X 2.5 mm Rope Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  good service  I returned the previously bought necklace two months ago. I've got a full refund for my purchase promptly. The service in both cases was good. I would suggest to put the jewelry of such cost in a better box. <end>
 B0001ZVWM4  14k Yellow Gold 18 Inch X 1.3 mm Figaro Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  good  the product arrived quickly but was broken. They replaced it quickly with no problems <end>
 B00020V2MI  Onyx 18k Gold over Sterling Silver Cameo Ring ||	  Great Product, great price, speedy service  This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own. I love cameos and this one is very nice. The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand. It is very large, but also comfortable to wear. If you love large rings like i do, this is perfect. It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle. It's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Face was not centered on black stone...it was low down..  I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars. So when I saw this for $20.00 I was thrilled. When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone. It was lower than it should be. I will return this ring most likely. If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge. As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring. Very disappointing. The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included. <end>
 B00020V2MS  Onyx 18k Gold over Sterling Silver Cameo Ring ||	  Great Product, great price, speedy service  This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own. I love cameos and this one is very nice. The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand. It is very large, but also comfortable to wear. If you love large rings like i do, this is perfect. It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle. It's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Face was not centered on black stone...it was low down..  I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars. So when I saw this for $20.00 I was thrilled. When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone. It was lower than it should be. I will return this ring most likely. If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge. As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring. Very disappointing. The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included. <end>  Great Product, great price, speedy service  This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own. I love cameos and this one is very nice. The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand. It is very large, but also comfortable to wear. If you love large rings like i do, this is perfect. It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle. It's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Face was not centered on black stone...it was low down..  I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars. So when I saw this for $20.00 I was thrilled. When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone. It was lower than it should be. I will return this ring most likely. If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge. As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring. Very disappointing. The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included. <end>
 B00021Z1YC  Hello Kitty Decorative Door Beads ||	  cuteness  I am 21 years old and my friends think im too old to do a hello kitty themed room..Am I?I dont think you ever get too old for hello kitty.But im making a review because I think these will look fantastic on my closet door.I have also been looking for door beads i didnt think they still made them.So thanks for having them available amazon.. <end>  LOVE IT!!  I bought two of these beads and they look amazing in my door way, and they are so cute and I have no problems with them what so ever. I am 21 and will always be a hello kitty lover so these beads complete my room. The only problem was that the second one came in damaged but the seller was kind enough to send me another one for free and it came in perfect condition, so overall I give this product and the seller an A  ) <end>
 B00022C7PW  1/2 Carat Channel Set Diamond Earrings in White Gold (with Safety Lock) ||	  Beautiful, Elegant Earrings  These are beautiful earrings which are not only dressy enough for special occassions but can be worn for every day. Very nice. <end>
 B00022F4LG  Sterling Silver Very Heavy Gauge Flat Plain Cuff Bangle Bracelet Polished Finish 3/8 inch wide, ||	  Bad customer service and product  The description of the item was false and it was a hassel to get part of my refund back. <end>
 B00022G80C  14k Yellow Gold 10 Inch X 1.9 mm Figaro Chain Anklet - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Very nice, but...  I bought this anklet to take on a beach vacation this winter. It arrived promptly and in new condition. It is a little too yellow for my usual taste of yellow gold (hopefully that makes sense to some). It looks quite nice, but is very thin - a great ankelt if you want to make a subtle statement. I only give it two stars because I started to wear it immediately and after only two or three days, I somehow managed to catch it on my shoe and when I went to pull my shoe off the anklet broke. I am not a very strong person, so it did not take much. I did not contact the seller because I do not see this as their fault. If you are looking for a subtle, delicate, yellow gold anklet I do recommend this, but only if worn with care and caution. <end>
 B00022KK88  18K Egyptian Jewelry Pendants - Africa Map ||	  disappointing!  This product is INCREDIBLY small. It's not thick either; it's quite thin. The countries are not accurately demarcated either. The real Egypt, Algeria, and South Africa are not shaped like that, for example. I love the Afrocentricity expressed in the product. I'm giving it as a gift and I hope the recipient likes it. But still, it'll make the purchaster think, "Is that all!?" Or at least that's the reaction I had. <end>
 B00022KKBK  18K Egyptian Jewelry Pendants - Winged Nefertiti with Stone - Lapis ||	  not as pictured  I bought this pendant assuming it would arrive as pictured. It does not have a bail - only a ring which is facing the opposite direction of the ring pictured. It is much smaller than I expected. I am not pleased. <end>
 B00022KKCE  18K Egyptian Jewelry Pendants - Lotus Flower with Stones ||	  pig in a poke  Item is titled "Lotus Flower with Stones". Kindly elaborate, what stones ? River rock, kidney, resin moldings of,etc. ???? <end>
 B00022VNCA  Sterling Silver Marquis Lapis Ring ||	  high impact/low price  If you like lapis, or wear a lot of blue, this is a fantastic ring at a wonderful price! <end>  Quality Plus  I love my ring. I haven't bought Lapis in years and was thrilled at the quality workmanship, excellent stone and substantial feel of this ring. I am very pleased with it. <end>  Sterling Silver Lapis Ring  The ring was absolutely gorgeous when it arrived. However, the Lapis stone fell out about four months after I received it, and I did not even wear it ever day. Very disappointed in the quality!! <end>  Very Pretty Ring.....however  I bought this ring for myself and it is even more pretty in person then shown!However, upon closer inspection there is what looks a piece of the stone is chipped off, so sadly I had to return this item. But I'm sure that it was just a fluke, and I will try to get another one as overall I really like the ring. <end>  excellent value  I've been looking for a Lapis ring and when I saw this one I jumped on it. An excellent value for the price at around $22. Love the marquis shape, nice size for a middle finger ring, and the Lapis stone is very pretty. Also made in USA. <end>  high impact/low price  If you like lapis, or wear a lot of blue, this is a fantastic ring at a wonderful price! <end>  Quality Plus  I love my ring. I haven't bought Lapis in years and was thrilled at the quality workmanship, excellent stone and substantial feel of this ring. I am very pleased with it. <end>  Sterling Silver Lapis Ring  The ring was absolutely gorgeous when it arrived. However, the Lapis stone fell out about four months after I received it, and I did not even wear it ever day. Very disappointed in the quality!! <end>  Very Pretty Ring.....however  I bought this ring for myself and it is even more pretty in person then shown!However, upon closer inspection there is what looks a piece of the stone is chipped off, so sadly I had to return this item. But I'm sure that it was just a fluke, and I will try to get another one as overall I really like the ring. <end>  excellent value  I've been looking for a Lapis ring and when I saw this one I jumped on it. An excellent value for the price at around $22. Love the marquis shape, nice size for a middle finger ring, and the Lapis stone is very pretty. Also made in USA. <end>
 B00023JMZ4  2mm Sterling Silver 18" Diamond-Cut Rope Chain Necklace ||	  great value  received this very quickly and was not dissapointed. it is so sparkly and perfect size for my pendant. <end>  18in Diamond Cut Rope Chain  The chain appears to be of good quality and I have paired it with a pendant that is brought out by the style of the chain. All in all it was a good purchase! <end>  Beautiful Chain  This silver chain was perfect. Very thick and sturdy. Well in a reasonable price range and now that I have had it several months I can verify the sturdy part. I live in most of my jewelry and rarely change it or take it off. This chain holds a silver cross and it has held together very well in these many months I have live in it. Would consider another purchase from same company if needed. <end>  It twisted at linkage.  It will not last because it twists around the clasp. I've owned many chains and this is the first to do this. I needed a very reliable chain for a cross that has high sentimental value. <end>  Nice product  This was shorter than I thought it was and it tends to tangle up in my hair. Could be because its too short for me. But it matches pretty well with my bracelet. <end>  Beautiful  I ordered 4 total chains. 16, 18, 20, 22&#34;. They all look beautiful and shine brightly. They all come in a simple and small zip type plastic bag. However one chain came so tangled that it took me 20 minutes to get it straighten. I'm guessing that this is rare since the others were perfect. My gal Loves how they look in groups of 3 or 4. <end>  Great quality  Very pretty and shiny, looks great with my cz pendants, clasp is of high quality and the chain feels weighty <end>  2mm Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Rope Chain  The 2mm Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Rope Chain was worth the amount of money spent on it. I was extremely pleased with it. <end>  A no go  I was super excited to get this chain as I had been given a silver pendant and needed a silver chain. While it is very sturdy in construction within two weeks of wearing it the shiney silver finnish has worn off leaving the majority of this chain looking like cheep costume jewelery. <end>  Beautiful chain  I loved this chain, but had to return it because it overpowered my pendant. The return service was handled with efficiency and grace by the vendor. <end>  diamond cut rope necklace  Excellent quality. The necklace sparkles as a diamond. The fit feels good. Recieved in good condition and ahead of expected date. Thanks. I will probably get another diamond cut rope necklace, size 4mm and 20". <end>  Exactly what I wanted  This is exactly what I wanted. I wanted a delicate sparkling silver chain for a lovely river of love CZ pendant I have. The pendant was from Stauer, but the necklace that came with it was a disappointment. Glad I found this one. <end>
 B00023JODO  Coin Purse Sterling Silver Bag Locket Pendant Jewelry ||	  description is confusing  I am confused by the description. It states it has a chain attached. But it also states you can buy a additional chain for $. I thought it was a pill container. I am confused.Where/how would a chain be utilized making it a necklace??? <end>
 B00023JOOI  Large Sterling Silver Rainbow Moonstone Cross Pendant ||	  very nice pendant  This pendant looks much like it does in the picture, though the stones are not as big as the picture appears to show. Good value and a nice piece of jewelry <end>
 B00023JOOS  Large Sterling Silver Mens Gothic Cross Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,11.5,12,13,14) ||	  a masculine ring for someone who may not normally wear a ring  I first found, and bought, this ring in a booth at a large 'biker' event - Bikes, Blues and Barbeque - a fe years ago. I'd been wanting a ring for some time, but never found anything that appealed to my tastes - masculine but not gaudy or overbearing/overlarge. I've gotten numerous compliments on it from strangers....and was sad to let it go when a lady-friend asked for it as a keep-sake (lol).I missed it and wanted to replace it, but was skeptical that I could find anything that fit 'me' so well. I began searching Amazon under men's rings..and I was thrilled when I found the exact ring here.This ring actually even sparkles - glinting off the edges - in sunlight. I gave one to my best frined for his birthday the other day and his wife and daughters love it on him. <end>
 B00023JP10  Open Star Shaped Hoops Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings ||	  Mixed feelings.  I didn't realize how small these were when I ordered them, and normally I don't wear small earrings, but returning things is such a hassle, that I will probably keep them. They are very cute and perfect for this time of year, but they are a real pain to fasten. The wire slides down into a hollow tube, and because they are small, that makes fastening them closed a real challenge. I have clumsy fingers and thick ear lobes, and the piercing is placed somewhat high. If you have a low piercing, and are better with your hands than I am, you will probably have an easier time with it. Despite the complaints, I must say how charming they are. I would however, have liked a different method of fastening them. I have the nagging feeling that someday when I fasten them, one or both will break. For me, they aren't worth the price, pretty as they are. I am going to give them to my daughter who does like small earrings and is very good with her hands. I think she will love them. <end>
 B00023JP6A  Heavy 3mm Sterling Silver 16" Inch Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Own it- LOVE IT!  I bought this thru here, first thing I've ordered from this site & after getting it & having it, several months now.. I get so many complaments on it!! It really is a beautiful necklace & so worth it!!!!I work in the Fine Jewelry Department at JCPenny & honestly, you cant buy one of these at 3times the cost of this one, so know that its not only a stunning necklace, but at a cost you can not find in a store!!..WORTH GETTING!!!! SO WORTH IT!!! <end>  Wonderful, sturdy chain that I wear daily.  This is a great chain!! Perfect size and length for me. I wear it every day, and I just swap out which pendants I wear on it. I've gone from putting pandora-style beads on it to wearing different sized sterling silver pendants. The 3mm size makes it sturdy enough that you don't have to worry about snapping it or having it kink on you.The only draw back that I have with it is having to polish it regularly. I like maintenance free things, but it is worth it for the price and how versitale it is.Nice compliment to any outfit! <end>  Nice necklace  This is a pretty, shiny necklace--looks like nice quality and is comfortable. It's pretty and striking enough to wear alone, but is also nice with a pendant, especially in the summer because of the short length. If this is what you're looking for, this is the one. <end>  Ditto the other reviewer  This sterling silver chain is heavy, expected to last through many wearings and can accommodate heavy pendants. The 16 inch length sits up higher on the throat for higher necklines. It looks much more expensive than I paid for it. Silver Insanity, the seller, sent me an e-mail to check my mailing address was correct. After I confirmed, they quickly sent it, so additional thoughtful service from the seller is a plus too. <end>  Not the product. the company  I ordered two necklaces from Silver Insanity. This one is nice, but I never received the other. They have not replied 5 emails over the period of 3 weeks. I have filed a claim with amazon and would advise NOT to deal with this company because if you do not receive your item or there is a problem...GOOD LUCK! Terrible service and just do not seem to care to even reply to their customer. <end>
 B00023JP88  Sterling Silver Round Dark Blue Lapis Drops Necklace ||	  Very delicate  This necklace is very delicate and smaller than I expected. However, the stones are a deep blue, and it is well-made. <end>
 B00023JP8S  Flower Garden Sterling Silver Dragonfly and Butterfly on Pink Rose Quartz Pendant ||	  happy customer  I loved this item and the price. I got lots of compliments on it too. <end>
 B00023JPAG  Sterling Silver Aromatherapy Filigree Locket Book Pendant ||	  Not just an ornament!  This is not just an ornament  it's a container. It's fashioned as a hinged locket. It looks like a tiny book and its sides are filigree (open metalwork). So you can put a few drops of your favorite perfume or aromatherapy scent on a piece of felt which you put inside the pendant. Then the scent wafts out through the open spaces in the filigree metalwork. The hinge is sturdy and the loop at the top is soldered shut; therefore you could wear this constantly for years without having to worry about losing it. (No chain included.) The filigree sides of the pendant feel pleasing as well if you're the type to fiddle around with your jewelry. A very nice product. <end>  Love the Locket  The locket is just what I was looking for - something sturdy, beautiful and the right size to hold a keepsake. I am very happy with it. <end>
 B00023JPJ2  5mm Small Sterling Silver 7.75" Double Link Chain Charm Bracelet ||	  Holds lots of charms  This bracelet is very long - but that's a good thing. Hard to find one this long in the stores. It is small and delicate-looking (tho certainly strong enough). Because the links are small it holds lots of charms - exactly what I needed it for. If you have very small hands, then go with a shorter version, but it was perfect for my larger hands. <end>  Very long  This bracelet is high quality and well made, however it was way too long and cost another $30 to get it sized at the jewelers! <end>
 B00023JPMY  Heavy 3mm Sterling Silver 20" Inch Snake Chain Necklace ||	  heavy snake chain!  Hay. this chain is great. heavy. looks good by it's self of with pendant. leanth is great. great gift for your self or dude.i hope this helps <end>  Sterling Heaven  Have had my snake chain for a long time now and I have it on everyday and loving it still! I am so glad that I made this buy. Recommend this seller for sure. <end>
 B00023JPSS  Heavy 3mm Sterling Silver 18" Inch Snake Chain Necklace ||	  very pretty  very pretty but 18 inches is not very long.This is no fault of the product but it ismore of a choker size. Will definitely tryto buy a longer one. <end>
 B00023JPT2  2mm Sterling Silver Diamond-Cut Square Magic Snake Chain Necklace 16" Length ||	  Nice clean & simple chain  )  I love this chain, it's so clean & simple ~ you can wear it dressed up or with your favorite jeans. <end>  Not the product, but the company  I would love to rate this product, but have yet to receive it. I ordered two chains from this company on one order. I received only one of them in the box. The invoice inside said that BOTH chains were in the package. I waited a day to see if the other would arrive. It did not. Then I emailed the company. The next day, I received only a confirmation, of the original order, of shipment. I waited several more days for a reply or my necklace. Still nothing. So I sent another email through Amazon. I am, again, waiting for some action from this company. Nearly three weeks and no necklace, no Email...nothing. I will never deal with this company again, but they darn sure better give me either my product or a refund. Will update when I have resolution. <end>
 B00023JPTM  2mm Sterling Silver Diamond-Cut Square Magic Snake Chain Necklace 22" Length ||	  Beautiful and not pricy at all!!!  This chain looks amazing!!!! Much better than in the pic, it is quite long and I love it!!! it doesn't look flimsy at all! In fact! It looks like it could hold whatever you want to put in there!!! Besides the price is amazing!!! In my country I would have to pay 5 times more for a chain like this one!!! <end>  good value  another perfect chain from silver insanity. this one is so unusual with the square shape. nice weight and very well done. <end>  great  great necklace..i purchased it to wear w/ my sterling cross. it's just the right thickness and length. i've been wearing it for several weeks now w/o removing it, and it's just as shiny as it was the day i received it. <end>
 B00023JPUG  Silver Pewter WICCAN ANGEL LILITH Pendant Necklace ||	  Silver Pewter Wiccan Angel Lilith Pendant Necklace  Necklace was beautiful.Necklace arrived in a very timely fashion.Necklace arrived in excellent condition. <end>
 B00023JPX8  Samhain Sterling Silver Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for October 25 - November 16 ||	  Good Charm!  I absolutely adore this little pendant. It's the perfect size and sits well on your neck. I tend to wear mine on a shorter chain so it sits in the hollow of my throat. After wearing one from this seller for over 5 years, it still shines brightly and hasn't needed a cleaning, despite all the wearing it's gotten! <end>
 B00023JPY2  Egyptian Cross Ankh with Red Crystal Pendant 20" Necklace ||	  egpytian necklace  Overall I am very happy with this necklace. It has great craftmanship for the money and has an egptian look to it! <end>  great cross  the cross came pretty fast in the mail. it is a little smaller then i thought it would be but it is nice. i wear it all the time. <end>  This sucks  I was happy to find this product at first but after receiving it in the mail, this thing sucks. For the price its a rip-off. The Charm itself is extra small, maybe a inch but the necklace and the ankh or both fake and fade over two week period. The necklace turned my neck green. The design is terrible. If this was 7-9.99 then maybe, but for $30. PLEASE DON'T GET THIS! <end>  Chain broke on necklace  Product is okay. The chain on the pendant broke shortly after the person received it and put it on. It would appear it was not that good.EGYPTIAN Cross Ankh Red Crystal Pendant Egypt Necklace <end>  Ankh necklace is OK  The pendant is pretty. The appearance is not the type of quality that I was looking for, however. The crystal looks cheap in it. <end>  ANKH  Just wanted too say about the Ankh necklace is very nice. Not to flashy just big enough for me I wear it everyday it was a very good deal. <end>
 B00023JQ1E  Diamond-Cut 3mm Wide Sterling Silver 30" Figaro Chain Necklace Italian Made ||	  great necklace  the necklace was for my husbands cross. it was perfect...length,width, and style. a bit shiny. it was better than i expected. i was apprehensive at first, because i didn't know exactly how wide this necklace was. i checked with the company and they had a link that showed that. when the necklace came i was very pleased. <end>  Beautiful piece; priced right  I'm using this for a charm necklace and it works wonderfully. This was also one of the few places I could find a nice, long chain that allowed for the charm additions in its design. Thank you! <end>
 B00023JQ64  Italain Made Nickel Free Sterling Silver 4mm Omega Chain 16" Collar Necklace ||	  Great necklace  I bought this chain to wear with some larger pendants I have recently purchased and it works great. It comfortable to wear and looks great. It is a nice size and fits all my pendants easily. <end>  sterling chain  I was very happy with the quality and strength of this chain. It holds a big stone. <end>
 B00023JQ8M  Silver-Tone Celtic Viking Fylfot Sun Strength, Might, and Will Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  small but nice  its a bit smaller than i had envisioned, but its got alot of rustic detail to it. touch your middle finger to your thumb and thats about how big it is. its got a pretty decent weight to it. the chain could have been a little bit longer but no biggie there especially considering the price. its a good deal! <end>
 B00023JQIW  2mm Sterling Silver 24" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Chain great durability  I got this chain over a year ago for my boyfriend and it is still brilliant and has kept its shape. He wears it everyday nearly 24/7 and it goes perfectly with its sterling silver pendant. Delicate yet very durable and great for piecing together jewelry that you wish to keep and wear for a long time. <end>  Bead chain Necklace review  Overall I am not staisfied with this product.Pros Shipped promptly from vendorMade of silver as advertised.Cons Clasp is junk, bad design and poorly made broke the first time used.Vendor would not exchange or refund. <end>  Cheap clasps  Purchased two ball chains in different sizes and the clasp broke on both within a week. <end>  Great quality bead necklace  I purchased this necklace for a charm I already had. I now wish I would have ordered a longer version. I was also looking for something a little less shiny. Overall though this necklace should receive 5 stars because there is absolutely nothing wrong with the quality. <end>  Ball Chain Necklace  What can I say? It is perfect. It is pretty. The company is awesome and I always end up ordering from them. No matter what I do or how I shop, I end up selecting from them. Just do yourself a favor and it is very easy and you will not be disappointed. Good Quality from a quality company. Thank you. Debbie <end>  Very Nice Silver Ball Chain From Great Vendor  *****I am a repeat customer of this company and have always been pleased by what I've purchased from them. This ball chain necklace was reasonably priced, has a beautiful clasp, and looks very sturdy. I'm happy (once again) that I ordered from this vendor. I also bought a 30" necklace from them as well, and it was just as nice. I'd bought some nice pendants at a craft fair, but they were on cheap nickel ball chains without a clasp, and so replaced them with one or the other of these, depending upon how long I want my necklace to be.Recommended.***** <end>  Better than expected  I ordered this chain for my husband. He wanted something that he could wear everyday with a small medallion. This totally fit the bill, it is substantial, but not big enough to look like he is wearing it under his dress shirts and t-shirts. The length is perfect " dog tag" length. He has been wearing it everyday for a month; so far no problems at all. I would recommend this chain for men and women. <end>  Nice Chain  A very nice chain. Had it about 1 year now. Everything was fine until clasps true metal was revealed. Clasp is brass with silver plate. I don't like to wear the chain now because of this fact. Going to melt it down and save the silver. <end>  Excellent product  Just received this from Silver Insanity. Everything I order from them is great. They ship very quickly and every item comes with a jewelry bag to store it in. Great quality, great customer service!! <end>  Excellent!  The sterling silver chain is beautiful and exactly what I needed for my boyfriend. It was at least $10 dollars cheaper than what I priced out in the stores even with shipping costs. The necklace arrived in a little cloth pouch. Good service. <end>  Great piece of jewelry  I purchased this necklace around the holidays and have been very pleased with it. Sometimes with a ball chain necklace they have a tendancy to break or be delicate and this one has held up very well, could not be more happy with my purchase. <end>
 B00023JQWS  Sterling Silver Greek Key Worry Spin Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Nice Ring  I was told that the wide of this ring was 3/8" and was 1/4" I realize about that until I received it. I didn't get what I wanted. The ring its ok. <end>
 B00023JRA4  Sterling Silver CARVED Blue LAPIS Poison Locket Pendant ||	  Beautiful Egyptian scarab  I was initially put off by the photo, as the Egyptian scarab is shown upside down. However, the one I got is not and the gem is really beautiful. The box works perfectly and it has a safety lock. Perfect size, too. <end>
 B00023JRPO  Sterling Silver Marcasite and Black ONYX Flower Pendant ||	  More beautiful than I imagined  This pendant is gorgeous. It is well designed and the onyx stone is bright and beautiful. It can hold any size chain.I am most pleased with this purchase. <end>  Stunning piece of jewelry  I'm really happy to have ordered this. It is rather small, but the design is still very noticeable. The onyx is very beautiful and smooth and the marcasite seems to be very nicely glued in. <end>  Pretty UNTIL...  I have 2 marcasite left in this and I've had it for a year. Just like 2 other pieces I bought a year ago. NO MORE MARCASITE for me. it's always just little flecks and they fall out like clockwork! Then, you are left with a cute gem and hollow holes around it! <end>  nice and inexpensive  I bought this for my aunt's birthday and it was really pretty. Great quality for the price. <end>  PENDANT & NECKLACE  THE SILVER MARCASITE AND BLACK ONYX FLOWER PENDANT WAS EXQUESITE (SP). THE CHAIN I BOUGHT TO WEAR IT WITH WAS EQUALLY GREAT. THANKS FOR HAVING QUALITY PRODUCTS AT PRICES I CAN AFFORD. <end>
 B00023JRX6  Amethyst Sterling Silver Marcasite Dragonfly Pin Brooch ||	  Overcharged!  The company/person who sold this product to me made a major mistake that caused me to lose ALL respect for them. While the product was beautiful and in great condition when it arrived, it also had a price tag on it. I paid $39.99 plus S&H; for a product maked $10.50. I purchased the product thinking I was buying something worth $40, but in reality I received something worth just over $10.Honestly, I cannot tell the difference between a $40 broach and a $10 broach... but I am very disappointed that the seller would quadruple the price of an item. I feel this was an unethical decision on their part.I hope in the future, this company does not try to rip off its customers. But if you feel you must... don't let them know you're doing it.Disappointed,Stephen Moffett <end>  Great seller  I had a great experience with this seller. My piece was so beautiful and the online description and picture were a great representation. The item was shipped extremely quickly and I love it. <end>
 B00023JRXG  Sterling Silver Pearl and Garnet Butterfly Pin Brooch ||	  Nice Pin  Got this one for my mom for Christmas in '09. She really likes it. Looks nice, not like some cheap piece of costume jewelry. <end>
 B00023JSCQ  Large Sterling Silver GARNET Marcasite Clip On Earrings ||	  Very nice clip earrings  These were very nice garnet clip earrings. The color is a nice blue-red and the earrings are well made. When worn, the earrings look small and dignified. <end>
 B00023JSIK  Cute Sterling Silver Marcasite Garnet Owl Pin Brooch ||	  Claire  I have purchased other items from this seller and never have been disappointed. Product is nice, service is fine. <end>
 B00023JTCA  2mm Sterling Silver 24" Inch Box Chain Italian Necklace ||	  As expected, good service, good quality from Silver Insanity  When I receive great service and great products I will go out of my way to patronize a business.I can count on Silver Insanity to always send quickly and I am never dissappointed with the quality and value of products purchased from them.That is why I am a repeat buyer <end>  This was the itchiest, worst piece of jewelry I have ever worn!  I scratched my neck RAW wearing this. It turned black INSTANTLY and could NOT be polished. The worst piece of jewelry I have ever owned! I couldn't wear it more than one day without my neck being on fire with hives. <end>  Good Buy  I love wearing pendants. This chain is very attractive and the pendant shows well on it. I've researched chains and this one is attractive and the price is good. <end>
 B00023JTQQ  Sterling Silver Dolphin Blue Lapis Donut Slide Pendant ||	  Looks like the picture  This pendant looks just like the product picture. It is a nice size and is a medium blue with touches of pyrite and calcite. The dolphin on the bail makes for an interesting touch. <end>
 B00023JTSY  Sterling Silver Dragonfly on Blue Lapis Hook Earrings ||	  GREAT PRODUCT  THESE EARRINGS WERE BETTER THAN I EXPECTED, I GET SO MANY COMPLIMENTS ON THEM WHERE I GOT THEM HOW MUCH ETC,THEY ARE LIGHT ON MY EARS AND SO ATTRACTIVE, I WOULD RECOMMEND THESE TO ALL GREAT FIND!!!! <end>
 B00023JU10  Sterling Silver Siberian Blue Quartz Pentacle or Pentagram Pendant ||	  Looks like costume jewelery  It looks better in the photo than in real life. The sterling silver looks more like plastic than anything else, and the quartz stone in the middle looks like a plastic bead. If you look at it from the back it looks like something out of a crackerjacks box, complete with what looks like superglue holding the stone in place. I bought it for a gift, I ended up buying another item elsewhere since I was too embarrassed to give it to her.Bottom line  Good for a Halloween costume for your 9 year old, too tacky for an adult. <end>
 B00023JU2E  Spinning Reversible Celtic Knot Green Malachite & Black Onyx Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Happy with Purchase  Very happy with purchase. I love that the stone can swivel to malachite and black onyx. <end>  horrible service !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I would never recommend anyone to silverinsanity they would have to be insane to purchase anything from them they should be closed down. <end>
 B00023JU5G  Marcasite AMETHYST Filigree Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Fabulous  The earrings are absolutely beautiful! The picture does not do them justice. I bought these for my grandma for Christmas, and she just loves them! Nice on the pocket book too! <end>  Marcasite AMETHYST Filigree Sterling Silver Earrings  The actual earrings are much smaller, shinier, and cheaper than they appear in the online picture. I was disappointed and wished I had saved the money to put toward a higher quality product. <end>
 B00023JU6K  Sterling Silver Purple Genuine Amethyst Dragonfly Pin Brooch ||	  Amethyst Dragongly Pin  This pin isn't as pretty in person as it is in the picture online. It is nice but not spectacular. <end>
 B00023JUAQ  Sterling Silver Wild Roses 7.5" Flower Rose Bracelet ||	  Beauiful!  I had a bracelet very much like this one but I lost it. When I found this one on Amazon, I decided to buy it. It's very similar to my first one  good silver, beautiful, delicate. I'm very pleased with this purchase. <end>  Beautiful!  Very beautifully made. The dainty rosese are just what I wanted! I love it & have gotten many compliments on it wheneverI wear it <end>
 B00023JUCE  Sterling Silver Sea Mermaid and Dolphin on Blue Sodalite Pendant ||	  grandaughters gift  My grandaughter loves mermaids and dolphins. What better way to show your love than a beautiful pendant made of blue sodalite. She is very delighted with my choice.I would recommend this really nice pendant. <end>
 B00023JUCO  Sterling Silver Flying DRAGON on Grey Hematite Pendant ||	  Attractive item; LOUSY accompaniments.  I ordered this jewelry piece with the gift box and card. The box, while attractive at first glance, is flimsy, got slightly crushed in transit, and the ribbon on its top is frayed and pasted-on. The card that came with it is much too large to fit inside the box or even on top gracefully, and the message inside is not centered, making it impossible to trim down. Said message inside appears to have been written in plain old Times New Roman script. I could do far better on my own printer, and for the cost, I could get a much more attractive card at a store. I will say, however, that the piece itself looks every bit as nice as it does in the photos. I might order from Silver Insanity again, but I'm not paying for any of the "frills"- they just aren't putting enough work into it to make it worth it. <end>
 B00023JUEM  Sterling Silver Marcasite Green PERIDOT Post Earrings ||	  Earrings OK  I cannot say if the Peridot is real but it does look pretty when I wear them. The craftsmanship of the silver is nothing to brag about either. They are just OK. <end>
 B00023JUME  Sterling Silver Mother of Pearl Chain and Bar Cufflinks ||	  What a steal!  I was very impressed with the cufflinks once I received them. Not only did I get them in a timely fashion but they looked better than their picture online! I got them as a Christmas Gift for my boyrfriend who has a particular taste. He was thrilled! We're both very happy about the purchase and I'm shocked that they were so inexpensive! Thanks! <end>
 B00023JUOC  Sterling Silver CELTIC Sun Knot CROSS 7" Link Bracelet ||	  love it but little small  I love this bracelet but it is on small side and hard to put on by myself. However, I like it so much I just don't take it off. Tried to buy extender but the quality of extender not good and don't want to lose bracelet. <end>  good design but poor quality  i wore it several times then a chain came loose. i was able to tighten it but then the other chain came loose too and finally one of them broke. too bad, i really like the design, just wish it lasted longer! <end>
 B00023JUVU  Sterling Silver Easter Bunny Rabbit on Pink Rose Quartz Pendant ||	  Cute!!!  High quality, cute, fun to wear, and bigger than I thought it would be. Great for bunny lovers everywhere! <end>  Insane Cool!  This bunny I baught for my Tanta (Aunt). It's so expressive, the face ears and feet make you laugh. She straight way attached it to the Disney cuture wrap bracelet and it couldn't look cooler! It's the best! <end>
 B00023JVAK  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Goddess Ladies on Rose Quartz Pendant ||	  Goddess Pendant is beautiful!  I could not believe how pretty this necklace was for the price and larger than I thought it would be. Loved it. <end>  Love and buying again!  I loved this pendent from the moment I got it, I got all kinds of compliments on it. My only regret is losing it on the train home from PA!I am buying this again very soon! I am glad it is still on amazon! <end>  Beautiful necklace charm  A lovely charm. The silver and rose quartz bead pair nicely, the traditional celtic theme of both the woven hammer base and leaf inspired patterns do well to complement the figures of the Goddess (in her maiden form) beset on either side. I did have to tweak metal clasp of the cord that I put it on, as the necklace loop of the charm was a little smaller than I had anticipated. I did still give it 5/5, and am still extremely satisfied with this product. <end>
 B00023JVKK  Sterling Silver Crescent Moon on Blue Lapis Hook Earrings ||	  Gorgeous  These earrings have become a favorite. Beautiful, look more expensive than they were. Wish I could get them in more colors. Definitely a great buy. <end>
 B00023JVL4  Sterling Silver Long Butterfly Fairy Amethyst Pendant ||	  unique pendant  Which went very well with colored hemp, glass and wood bead combo. After the necklace was completed I sold it for a nice profit. The unique pendant not found in stores was an excellent selling point.Delivery was super fast. <end>
 B00023JW40  Sterling Silver Gothic Flaming Skull on Black Onyx Sphere Hook Earrings ||	  I like it  The earings were in excellent condition looked amazing and were indeed delivered in a timely manner I was very pleased with this service and I would highly recommend them. <end>  Not your run of the mill skull earrings.  These earrings look better in person than they do online. I was very impressed. Shipping time was also very quick! <end>
 B00023JWDG  Sterling Silver Celtic Medieval Green Malachite Pendant ||	  Pretty, but stone is not beatiful itself  The pendant is really well designed, it's very pretty. I just did not like the stone (malachite), it was a bad bead. <end>
 B00023JWHW  Huge Sterling Silver Near 2" Large Oval Locket Pendant ||	  OmG it's Huge  )  Ordered this for my best girlfriend who is 6'0" tall, got a longer chain from Silver Insanity too, also excellent quality & fast shipping. It's the biggest locket I've seen that isn't exorbitantly priced. Good quality silver, stamped and all. Plus it isn't too heavy so it will work with 1mm chains. Kinda tough to open, but one can't expect everything. Overall, I'm very pleased and will order from this seller again. <end>  Great Gift for Girlfriend  I got this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loved it. She loved the size of it; it's not too big but big enough to put a nice picture inside. The engraving on the outside adds a good touch but isn't overbearing. <end>  Great item, Good for holding any small keepsake.  After my wife passed away and it finally felt right to take my wedding band off, I still wanted to keep it with me. I wore it on a necklace for a while before thinking a locket would be better. It took at lot of searching, but finally I found this. It was great. The right size to keep my band in. The interior is not padded or anything so if you're using it to hold a keepsake like a ring you'll need to look into putting some cloth inside or something or you'll hear it rattling around in there. As a guy, I liked the look because there were no flowers or sequins that'd make it look overly feminine. Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase. <end>  Beautiful Locket  I love this locket and I love that I can put bigger pictures in it. <end>  Large silver locket  Beautiful piece of silver jewellery.I was looking for a nice locket for ages. When this locket arrived I was thrilled with it. There is a lovely design on both sides. It's big enough to wear on a long chain. <end>  Lovely Locket  This is a beautiful locket. For the price it is an outstanding deal. It is lightweight yet has a substantial look to it. I would definitely purchase from this vendor again. <end>  Do not buy anything from these thieves  Do not buy anything from these thieves. I returned my locket to them with the invoice and all the return info and a month later they still have not gotten me my refund. I tried to contact them and they still have not gotten back to me explaining what is going on. Don't buy anything from them, they are dishonest and will steal your money <end>  It's the locket I've been waiting for!  This locket looks beautiful and is a nice size where you can actually get a good look at the 2 pictures inside (1 on each side) without straining ones eyes! I've received many compliments due to its size AND beauty. It's definitely the locket that I've been waiting for! <end>  Great, but...  The product arrived on time and looked great. Only one problem  it had been polished with some kind of material that left dark marks on my wife's clothing. I wasn't too pleased with that. <end>  Yay! &lt;3 my sassy locket!  I had been oogling this locket for over a month but it wasn't in stock  -( As soon as it was restocked, I place my order! It is pretty big but not a solid brick either. When it arrived, it had a small dent in it but i pushed it out from the inside of the locket. I wish it had a more tarnished look but overall, I'm very pleased with it!! <end>  Love the Locket  I got everything in a very timely manner. The were very good. <end>
 B00023JWIG  Sterling Silver Peridot Fire Dragon Cigarette Holder ||	  Not bad for the price.  Considering that it's sterling silver, the price certainly isn't bad. The details are nice, it's a pretty shape, but make sure you thoroughly clean off the mouthpiece before using, as the residue of the uncleaned silver tastes awful.Also, the opening of the holder (where you stick the cigarette in) seems a tad small for anything but cloves. A bit of a pain to have to twist regular cigarettes into it. <end>  Beautiful, yet unpracticle for actual use.  It's beautiful, don't get me wrong. That deserves a 5, however, the dragon has teeth that will tear up a hand rolled cigarette in one swipe. So it's now one of my many show items. <end>
 B00023JWY0  Gothic Eagle Claw Talon with a Purple Crystal Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  interesting situation...........  I ordered something else completely but I got this beautiful claw in the mail instead. It is very pretty, and I did end up getting what I ordered but this was a pleasant surprise. <end>  Awesome Detail  This was the last thing I recieved in my order today, and I'm ecstatic. The detail on this item is not justified by the picture shown. It's the perfect addition for a gothic look. You can even see a leaf off the stem of the rose and the bat's little feet holding it. The wings are adorned with claws. I know my husband will be as pleased as I am. It will go perfect with the chain he has. Thank you once again to Silver Insanity. <end>  bats, they're everywhere!  No can can deny bats are fascinating, yet disturbing-looking creatures. They have a little head on their body which looks like a baby fox. Owning a Sterling Silver Gothic Vampire Bat with Rose Pendant is a nice addition to your collection of gothic display case items. The color silver makes the pendant very realistic in design and gives it a spooky, serious look. Owning one makes bats that much cooler. <end>
 B00023JX7Q  Extra-Long 2mm Sterling Silver 36" Diamond-Cut Rope Chain Necklace ||	  Finally an extra long necklace that's nice!  Its taken me forever to find a really long necklace that looks nice, feels nice and isn't going to break after one little tug. And this is it! The rope link is stylish and delicate looking whilst still maintaining a toughness to avoid breakage. This chain looks great with any pendant hanging off of it and I'm currently deciding whether to buy another one. Probably! <end>  Nice Chain  This is a very nice chain. It is a very bright light silver color and so it doesn't go with some of my sterling silver pendants which are more of a stainless steel color. <end>  Necklace  I love this chain so much I have worn it probably at 2 dozen times since I bought. I usually wear it with my 22 and 24 inch chains. thanks brenda mckenzie <end>  sparkly  A nice long sterling silver chain (not hollow). It sparkles nicely and has a bit of weight to it. Definitely recommend this purchase. Very Pleased! <end>  strong and gorgeous  This sparkles, looks elegant, is very strong, and long enough to just pull over my head <end>  Pretty necklace at a good price  Great necklace; very pleased with the price & quality. Long enough to be a nice layering necklace. <end>  beautiful and efficient wonderful  received my necklace quickly and it is beautiful. Packaged well and perfect. <end>
 B00023JX9E  Tango Sterling Silver Gothic Spooky Skull with a Rose in his Teeth Charm Pendant ||	  great  I gave this as a present to a friend who loves skulls. She freaked when she saw it and loved the design. It was a bit smaller than expected but she liked it anyway. <end>  Love it!  I bought this for myself a few months ago. I was so impressed at how quickly it arrived. It looks great on a box link chain or a ball chain. I get compliments on it all the time.  ) <end>  bought as a present  I bought this for my daughter who is very stylish.This pendant is not big like hip-hop jewelry, but not small either. A perfect size for my teen.*One might want to even pick up a silk cord for it for a different look. {Does not come with a chain.} <end>
 B00023JXAS  Heavy Sterling Silver Celtic KNOT Round Cross Pendant ||	  Fantastic  I ordered this Celtic Knot on a Thursday for the next Saturday confirmation. I pd a little bit more to expedite the shipping. I was so pleased when it was delivered in time for the confirmation that morning. I am very please with the looks and color, my nephew really likes and I know it will look great around his neck <end>  sexy cross  It is a beautiful piece of silver jewelry. It looks and feels sexy. Looks great on my fiance. A great buy for people into Celtic CrossesBBAmber <end>
 B00023JXBM  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Green Peridot 18" Necklace ||	  Serves the purpose I bought it for  I bought this necklace with the idea that I wanted something with celtic knotwork, and I wanted something cheap. This necklace serves both purposes. While it is not of the most fine quality piece of jewelry I own, I also didn't expect it to be when I paid only as much as I did for it. Two negatives about it  1) the chain is very fine. If you are aware of that and you don't care, it shouldn't cause you any problems; and 2) The silver used to make the knotwork is very thin, so don't expect a heavy piece.All in all, I am very happy with my necklace. I got what I expected and I am very happy. If you want something cheap that looks nice, this necklace will suit you just fine. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  I received this necklace as a Christmas gift. It is not only beautiful but also very good quality. I am very pleased with it. <end>
 B00023JXRG  Buddhist Dharma Wheel Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Bummed Out  I must say...I am really bummed out about this necklace. When I got it in the mail, it came in a nice box and looked beautiful. Very cool for a Buddhist. It is substantial, nice and heavy. You could tell it was not cheaply made. However, I have had it now for a month, and I am now very upset by it. It has not turned my skin green, but it surely has changed colors itself. It has gotten all dark and dirty-looking in color. And the chain has oxidized too; it is like a dirty bronze color. If I could upload a picture of what it looks like now, I would. I have cleaned it thoroughly in liquid tarnish cleaner twice in the past month, which only seemed to help about 70% each time, but it has quickly gotten all tarnished again. I am really bummed out. I loved this when it first arrived; now I am a bit embarrassed to wear it. Even though we Buddhists are supposed to accept that everything will grow old, sick and die, and that we should probably apply this acceptance to inanimate objects as well, I'm still bummed out. <end>  I love the talisman  I loved the talisman but the one big problem was that the chain turns the skin GREEN!!!!!!! <end>  Awesome  The pendant is gorgeous and feels substantial. Quick delivery and the product was delivered as promised. The chain is a little long (for me) so the pendant hangs at about breastbone level, but it's so lovely I haven't bothered to find a new chain. <end>  Great but with one flaw  This is a great pendant. It's beautiful and the piece is substantial. But, there is one flaw  The colours change. I've only had mine for about 5 days and already it's made noticeable changes. The parts that are supposed to be yellow-ish in colour are becoming a kind of greasy green. It's as if the paint begins to dissapear (oxidation?. Kind of like when you have a vibrant paint, and you scratch it, and though the paint can still be seen, it's kinda dull. The weird part is that it's happening in the middle-ish areas of each space, so the middle part of every section (any section with lines surrounding, the 8 yellow triangular parts especially) has becomes a slightly different colour than its sides. The edges of the colours are turning more and more like the colours next to it, so the piece is becoming duller and duller. When I first got it, it a vibrant and detailed, however it's becoming dull and messy now. Although, it does seem like after a little while it might get to a stage where it won't change anymore and hopefully will look good.Anyone know a way of fixing this? or cleaning it, if that's even possible?Everything else about the necklace is great. <end>  Anyone looking for a great necklace, this is it!  I love the necklace, it really is great! It gets a lot of wear and tear, and it takes a beating! I have a rough job, but it's good to get undressed at the end of a long day and see it sill there. It's had a slight discoloration due to sweat and maybe because I never take it off, but that adds character to it. Now, no one has one like mine! I highly recommend this piece because all that I've been through since I've had it, the necklace seems to have made things better, and my missions more successful. Coincidence? You tell me! <end>  Great necklace, no matter what anyone says.  I purchased this necklace nearly a year ago, and I still wear it every day. I've heard people complain about it turning their skin green, and I can say I've never had that problem with mine. What I find to be interesting is the large number of people who say "it's not worth that much money" or "it doesn't look as good as I'd thought it did". As a Buddhist myself, I purchased this pendant to remind myself of my faith, and the things I hold dear, not to try and show off to the world my religious choices. So if you wish to purchase this pendant for your own spiritual reasons, I think it's wonderful. If you're looking to brag and show off, or get a flashy necklace, this isn't for you. <end>  not worth the money  dont get me wrong, this is a nice item. BUT the chain is CHEAP and turns your neck GREEN after a few days. The picture itself is starting to wear off after about 3 weeks. The ONLY time I wear it is during the day and I DONT wear it in the shower. The back of it is wearing off a lot.again, this is cool. BUT NOT WORTH the money you pay for it at all. May if it was half the price it would be ok. BUT DONT ship with the cheap chain. <end>  Great necklace... will fade in vibrance... but..  This necklace is great. It is heavy! That is a good thing b/c as it hangs on my neck then I am reminded of the eight-fold path and helps to maintain right view, right speech, etc. It looks great out of the box but after a few weeks or a month it will fade. The dingy state obscures the wheel from the background. BUT.. I accidentally forgot the necklace in my pant pocket and it made its way through the wash and dryer. When it came out, the insert had detached from the backing so I had to glue it back into the backing. However, the insert or wheel looked brand new! Vibrant and clear just like I'd pulled it out of the box. The chain is not very durable however... the clasp broke. For that reason, only four stars.. but still worth it to me! <end>  Very substantial...but itchy!  I love this talisman very much. Since I have worn it, it has changed colors via oxidation. This chemical process caused a high degree of skin irritation. Seems all better now though. I also believe I'd like a higher quality chain.~PSC~ <end>  awesome  i had been looking all over for a gift for my brother when i came upon this item, and i was taken aback because he had had one a few years back and had lost it. the store where he had bought it closed . when i gave it to him he almost cried in excitement! HE LOVES IT!!! <end>  Pewter is not the right metal to use on this design  The pendant is nice however the pewter wrap around kind of ruins the entire design. It does not go with the middle designed. I think it would look better with a slightly tarnished silver look. Pewter is just too dull for this design and the necklace does not work well with the pendant either. <end>  dramatic dharma  I just love this! It's a great gift for anyone interested in healing, the Buddha, wheels and/or talisman. My man just loves thisMs. Amber <end>
 B00023JXRQ  Brass and Copper Caduceus Intelligence Mercury Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Great product!  I recently purchased this pendant and can say I am fully satisfied with the product. The size, weight, and design are all very much to my liking. I recommend this item wholeheartedly. <end>  Exactly as represented  This arrived quickly and looked exactly as it was represented in the images. It has a substantial weight and feel and the two-tone brass and copper contrast is a nice look with a subtle gleam. <end>  It's o.k.  The talisman is o.k. The photo is much shinier and colorful than the real thing. It actually looks brown and dull in real life, without much color variation. I purchased it as a gift and think it will hang as an ornament vs. being worn as a necklace <end>  A Good Product  The pendant is nice I like the design, and the weight of it. The only thing I didn't like is the amount of copper to brass. I thought that there would be more copper used, however I understand that if it was there probably would be a huge price difference(^_^). Thanks to the maker for providing this item. I definately recommend it. <end>  Bad form.  The item was as described, but has nobody else noticed that there's the symbol of Venus above the caduceus, not the symbol of Mercury? It throws the pendant off. <end>  Well done  The product arrived much more quickly than I expected. The metal and carving were both of high quality. I am pleased all around. <end>
 B00023JXS0  Happy Love and Friendship APHRODITE Flower Magical Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Aphrodite flower amulat  I ordered as a gift, this was a very heavy, gorgeous and detailed amulet. The Item was exactly how it was described and pictured. <end>  Very nice  The necklace is very unique. It is very well made. When wearing it you dont even notice it is on. The first day I wore it I got a call from 3 friends I havent talked to in a long time. <end>  Sturdy little charm  I received this as a gift from my husband this morning. I had placed it on my wish list some time ago and had recently been having a rough time, so he bought it as a pick me up gift. He believes in charms and I'm willing to try, we can all use more love and happiness right? My interest in it was because of the 8 pointed star/flower, which is the emblem of Inanna...my patron goddess.The chain is a bit flimsy but I'm used to having to swap out chains on gift necklaces as my neck is pretty large. This one did fit me so I thought I'd try wearing it. I do expect to swap it out next time I wear it because the clasp does not close automatically and I'm afraid I'll lose the necklace.The charm itself is heavy and feels "real", very substantial. I love the design and the colors plus the symbolism is just perfect. Both for what it represents to me and the meaning behind it as a gift.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the chain clasp and it was pretty dirty when I got it...I used a jewelry polishing cloth on the charm and the cloth was filthy when I finished. <end>  Great idea but the execution needs work  I thought this would be a cute gift for my admin. assistant for her birthday - something to give her luck and centering, as she is a big believer in talismans and such. I was disappointed in the quality of the piece. It seems a bit rough around the edges. The chain on which the pendant hangs looks like something you would win on the Boardwalk, chunky but not too sturdy. It hasn't broken yet, but I did feel a little uneasy giving it as a gift. I buy a lot of jewelry on Amazon and always am pleased with the quality. In this case, I would think twice - no, I wouldn't buy again. <end>
 B00023JXT4  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Mother of Pearl Pin Brooch ||	  pleased  I bought these brooches to put on a pair of my wifes shoes for a Celtic Event they held together during the dancing .and still look great <end>
 B00023JY48  Sterling Silver Purple Crystal Chandelier Hoop Earrings ||	  Completely Satisfied  The products arrived intact. There were no surprises - the photograph of the product that I had seen on the web was actually the product I recd. <end>
 B00023JYAM  2mm Sterling Silver 36" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Happily Surprised  I needed a long silver chain so I shopped all the on line silver shops but couldn't find what I needed. Finally I checked out Amazon & sure enough, there was my chain at the length I wanted & at the price I wanted. I just recieved it & it's perfect! I have a special cross & it fits just beautifully. From now on, I'll check Amazon FIRST! Thank you! <end>  30" 2mm ballchain necklace  30" 2mm ball chain necklace is everything the seller said it would be. It is very well made, and the lobster clasp is a bonus. I'm wearing it right now. <end>  Just What I Hoped For  I am a disabled Veteran with a TBI. I needed this chain to hold my medical ID Tag. It serves that purpose very well <end>  "2mm Sterling Silver 36" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace"  I purchased it, and it was perfect for what I ordered it for; but I just tried to clean it in silver cleaner, and it's tarnished to no end.Anyone have any ideas on how to get the shine back? If it cleans up, I'd up the rating to a 5; but right now, I'm feeling ripped off.Thanks <end>  excellent chain, made very well  excellent chain and made very well. Heavy duty clasp. The weight seems like silver but i suspect the metal is sealed because it hasn't tarnished at all. <end>  Very thin chain  I guess I expected too much when I ordered this chain. It is very small. I mean the length is great but the width (2mm) is too small. I will keep it. I'll just purchase a bigger one later. <end>
 B00023JYXE  Sterling Silver Giraffe on AMETHYST Round Ball Earrings ||	  My sister loved them  I spend most of my time in Africa on business and my sister has been after me to bring her Giraffe ear-rings for ages. The ones I have found here have been poorly made and the one nice pair I found went missing from my suitcase at an airport. I then saw these on Amazon and knew she would enjoy them.They arrive on time for Christmas, nicely wrapped and a great value. <end>
 B00023JZ1A  Sterling Silver Mermaid on Genuine Amethyst Point Healing Crystal Pendant ||	  A Much-Treasured Holiday Gift  This is one of the most wonderful little pieces of jewelry I have ever seen.I would recommend a shorter-length sterling silver chain for best display. <end>
 B00023JZVA  Sterling Silver Ivy Vines and Leaves Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  unique and delicate  i bought this ring some time ago. the fit was perfect. what i loved best was the delicate little leaves can be gently positioned. this is a very comfortable ring and i get lots of compliments when i wear it. a nothing price for something so pretty. <end>  Not quite what I was expecting.  It's smaller than I thought it would be and the leaves don't look as delicate as pictured. I bought the ring as a size 7 and ended up having to adjust it to a size 6 just to make it look like the picture. It's still a nice ring, but I got what I paid for. <end>  Very nice for a cheap ring  I am absolutely in love with this ring. It really looks amazing. the only bad thing about it is that the leaves are kinda tall and get caught on stuff. It doesn't look cheap at all. <end>  happy happy happy  my sorority uses the ivy as a symbol so of course i bought it. i just love it! i will purchase more of them. <end>  Silver ivy  The rings were fun and exactly as pictured. They do tend to catch on things, but for the price and the enjoyment we got out of them, they were great. Arrived quickly and in perfect shape. <end>  To soft and cumbersome  This ring looks gorgeous but because it sticks up it gets caught on everything. It is not worth the problems of wearing it. If you are someone who doesn't do anything or doesn't have to reach into a pocket book for anything you will be fine. Like I said looks great but cumbersome to wear. <end>  Broke Before I could Wear It!  I hoard unique jewelery so naturally this was right up my alley. I tried it on when it came in the mail and it fit fine. I went to wear it yesterday for the first time and it broke right in the middle (just opposite the adjustable part) I was really upset! I guess because it's adjustable it can't take that much tension and it snapped. I LOVE the way it looks so I am going to try and melt it back together but I would have definitely returned it if the return shipping wasn't so ridiculous. SAD =[ <end>  Pretty  This is such a nice little ring that can be worn for any occasion. It's adjustable, but it's very sturdy. I love it! <end>  Lovely Silver Ring  This ring is lovely. I liked it even better than the picture. The leaves stand up, just ever so slightly from the vine, just like a real plant would. It is adjustable and that is hard to tell by the photo but it has worked out very comfortably for me and I adore the way it looks. I've gotten many many compliments! <end>  Ring  It would be a good ring but it dosen't fit. also, I don't like the fact that it is adjustable. I thought that it was a fixed ring. <end>
 B00023JZWO  Sterling Silver Classic Celtic Knot Pendant with 18" Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Duleek Delight  What the product information doesn't tell you is that this is what is known as a "Duleek" Knot or a Knot of Protection. The actual pendant is well made and looks very nice (especially for a male) but the box chain that comes with it is only 1mm thick, which looks absolutely ridiculous against the 4.5mm pendant hole. The chain and pendant come in a ziplock bag which is inside of a green jewelry pouch of mediocre quality.This is a nice pendant to get, and Silver Insanity is a company I would highly recommend, but expect to buy a complimentary chain with the piece. <end>  Beautiful work - prompt shipping  Gorgeous - my mother in law loved it, which is almost a shame since if she hadn't I was going to keep it myself, it was so lovely! <end>
 B00023K05K  Glittering Snow Sterling Silver Sparkling Winter Snowflake French Hook Earrings ||	  snowflake earrings  Love these earrings!!! Get many compliments on my purchase. Highly recommend it!! Inexpensive, but not at all cheap looking!! <end>  silver earrings  These were very pretty and a terrific value for your money I should have puchased more for gifts. <end>  Beautiful Christmas Gift  My mother collects snowflakes and she thought the earings were absolutely beautiful!! <end>  best snowflake design  I have seen many snowflake earrings, this is the best by far. Really nice design, very pleased with this product!!! <end>  Beautiful earrings and a dependable seller  These earrings are beautiful, sparkly, and unique -you could wear them beyond the holidays. I was so happy with them that I ordered 3 more pair to give as gifts. You can depend on Silver Insanity for quality products and prompt service. The earrings arrived before expected with standard shipping and were exactly what I wanted! <end>  A great partner to the matching pendant.  I love the pendant that matches these earrings so when I ordered additional pendants for gifts, I ordered the earrings for myself. The set is sparkly and very eye-catching and I have received many compliments. The pendants and the earrings arrived in the mail very quickly after I placed my order. <end>  Great buy for the money  This product is lightweight, so it won't pull your earlobes down, but NOT so light that they would bend easily. They are pretty, and a great deal for the price. <end>  Prettier than the Picture  They have a certain shimmer too them, but they are also textured, much nicer than the picture shows.I've had them for 2 years and they haven't tarnished, bent, or anything. I love these! =D <end>  Snowflake earrings  The earrings are very nice and comfortable on my ears. They resemble a true snowflake. I have received many compliments on them. Thank you for a nice, affordable product! <end>  snow earrings  i'm wearing them now, because a nor'easter is due in the northeast later today, rain, snow, ice and wind, so I put them on <end>  Love them  These are beutiful. Much nicer in person than in picture. Puchased as a gift for my from my son and I am very impressed. Received them quickly without issues. 12/27/2011 <end>  pretty snowflakes  For the price I paid they were worth it. Pretty little snow flakes! Gave them to several people and they loved them! <end>
 B00023K0QE  Large Sterling Silver CELTIC Knotwork Beast Pin Brooch ||	  Cool Pin- not as large as I thought  I chose this pin because it seemed unusual, which it is. It is smaller than I expected, but I do get compliments when I wear it. It looks like something one could have found at an antique shop with a story behind it. I would recommend for a gift if you want to give something unusual to someone that loves to wear pins. <end>
 B00023K10E  Sterling Silver Round Rainbow Moonstone Hook Earrings ||	  pretty  Very nice and different earrings. hooks get misshaped easily. Fair value for the money. Probably wouldn't buy again for that reason. The little tiny stones are cute. <end>  Thought it looked larger in the picture  I was thoroughly shocked to see the size of this item after I received it. It looked much bigger in picture, but it is very small, you can hardly see it on my ear. <end>
 B00023K1VS  Heavy Sterling Silver Wire & Chain Mens Ring Size 10(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Great ring...  I like this ring very much, it is actually the first ring I have ever purchased for myself, and fits my appearance well(Im, kind of a rocker guy). The only negative things about the ring is that it can damage some things due to the deep ridges. Also, do not wear the ring if you are using a bar of soap, because it will literally dig chunks out of the soap, and get stuck in the ring. It is easy to wash out, but reaps hell on your soap supply, haha. However, I feel that this was a great purchase, and I actually feel "naked" when I take the ring off. It almost feels like it's meant to be on my hand at this point. Which I've only worn for a little over a month. Also, if your fingers are very close together, I would not reccomend this ring, I have boney more spaced out fingers. However, if you do not have a boney more thin spaced out fingered hand. You are most likely going to have sores on your surrounding fingers from the width of the ring, unless you put the ring on your thumb. I even had a sore in the webbing of my fingers. However, I like the ring so much I left it on and the sore went away....P.S. The ring also seems to protect my hand. If I make a fist or touch something with the outside of the hand. The ring always seems to make first contact. <end>  Loving Ring  I bought this product as a second ring to wear when I was dressed casually. After I recieved the ring it has become my number one choice to wear. It is comfortable and actually has a classy look to it.I wear this ring all the time and get many compliments on it. When I ordered this ring I never thought I would love it as much as I do. This ring was a great find. <end>  Nice Ring  I love this ring. I purchased it from Amazon about a year ago and I wear it everyday. I get many compliments about the ring. I would recommend this ring to anywho who is into silver. <end>  christmas  the ring is sturdy, and heavy, worth the price, came quickly, my husband loved it. he wears it all the time., <end>
 B00023K1Z4  Sterling Silver Turtle Tortoise Motion Spin Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Nice!  This ring is well worth the price. It's silver, so it won't turn your finger green, it's adorable, and for those who like to keep their hands busy this is perfect. It's definitely worth more than they're asking for. <end>
 B00023K2X0  Sterling Silver X Weave Puzzle Ring Size 6.5(Size 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Silver Puzzle Ring  The ring was very beautiful and exactly as described. The only problem we have is my daughter took it apart out of curriosity. She has not been able to put it back together using the instructions provided on the web. We also noted the silver is very soft and bends easily. <end>  nice  do not let ring get undone, takes a while to put back together. Accidentallydropped it at work and it everyone attempted to put it back together, it took hours..... <end>  unique puzzle ring  I purchased this ring because when I was younger I owned one. The ring is exactly what I hoped it would be. It took me sometime to put it together the first time I took it off, but I finally figured it out with tips from an online video that helped me through. Now I can put it back together when needed. I wear this ring every day. It is simple and nice looking. <end>  puzzle ring  Love the ring. Very comfortable. Shipping turnaround was great. Only downside is be careful taking it off..takes forever to figure how to put it back together, unless you are looking for something to do.  ) <end>  Puzzle Directions  I love this ring-- I wore one for almost 4 years before losing it (so I'm here to get another!).For those of you who accidentally drop it, these instructions accurately illustrate how I put mine back together [...]There's a little trick though, the 2 pieces that form the X shape across the front only fit in one configuration, so if they don't fit together perfectly, drop the piece on the rightmost side and bring it back up to be on the left hand side of the piece you're still holding. This should rearrange the pieces so that they will twist together correctly.Once you get the hang of it you can put it together in seconds. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very cute ring!! I read the reviews on this ring before I bought it, and saw how difficult some said it was to fit back together after taking it appart, so I haven't done that yet. Although it looks VERY tempting, I will not be taking it apart, but it is VERY pretty to wear!! <end>  Nice Puzzle Ring  Ordering was easy. The order arrived promptly and was well packaged. I bought this for my daughter (in her 20's) because she loves puzzles. She was quite pleased with the ring. I would prefer that the assembly instructions be included with the purchase of the ring. Overall, a pleasant shopping experience. <end>
 B00023K3IY  Marcasite Willow Leaf Sterling Silver Stud Post Earrings ||	  Cute - but sit funny on ear  I thought these earrings would cascade up my ear, but when I tried them on, they seem to sit a little weird, half off, half on the ear. They're cute, but just not what I expected. A picture of a model wearing them would be helpful to future buyers. <end>
 B00023K4BU  Bali Style Sterling Silver Ball-Ends Cuff Bangle Bracelet ||	  Great quality  I've owned this bracelet for a couple of years now. Have worn it every day and it still look like brand new. <end>
 B00023K4Z6  Gothic Ornate BLACK ONYX and Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Worth it  The pendant is very solid, a high quality item. The stone is set firmly and it's got weight to it too. If it's your style it's a good buy. The price is right considering what a quality product it is. I think I'd trust the seller again too. <end>  Christmas Gift  I got this yesterday from my boyfriend and I love it. It's very pretty and I was extremely happy to unwrap it. =) <end>  Happy Customer  I recieved this today and I have to say that I'm very pleased. It has a nice victorian gothic look to it. It will go perfect with the chain I have. <end>
 B00023K51O  Gothic Eye Sterling Silver Twisted Eyeball Ring Size 8(Sizes 4.5,5,5.5,6,7,8,9,9.5,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Ol' blue eyes  Looks fantabulous. The eye itself is a lot more detailed than i thought it'd be. &lt;3 <end>  EyeBall Ring  I love my ring, and it came pretty fast, was a really good price. But the glue that holds the eye into the ring did not hold that good. I had to re-glue the eye back into the ring, but that was not that much of a big deal. Still like the ring, would buy from seller again !! <end>  The eye follows you!!! It's too cool!  Product as represented - - quite a conversation piece. It will be great for Halloween. <end>  a dream come true  I had always wanted a ring like this. Some say it's beautiful, others creepy. But I love it..it's a keeper <end>
 B00023K5HS  Sterling Silver Multi-Stone CZ Dragonfly Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8) ||	  Dragonfly Ring  This will go with any color due to the 4 different stones. Much better quality than I expected at very little cost. I'm delighted with it. Fast delivery from a good company. <end>
 B00023K5IC  Sterling Silver Malachite Celtic Claddagh Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  if you love green  I have received several complements on this ring. Nice look especially if you have thin fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I've ordered the same ring previously about a year ago, but managed to lose it one day. I liked the ring so much, though, that I came back and ordered a new one because I couldn't find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price. I love this ring! <end>  Gift for my niece  I thought this was nice looking. It was a gift for my 17-yr-old niece, and she must really like it since she lost the original and wanted the exact same one as a replacement. <end>  Great ring  The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for. <end>  good for the price?  In the picture the stone protrudes. it is just flat. Not real excited about that. And it's tiny. I was expecting a little bigger. <end>
 B00023K5IM  Sterling Silver Turtle Tortoise Motion Spin Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Nice!  This ring is well worth the price. It's silver, so it won't turn your finger green, it's adorable, and for those who like to keep their hands busy this is perfect. It's definitely worth more than they're asking for. <end>  Nice!  This ring is well worth the price. It's silver, so it won't turn your finger green, it's adorable, and for those who like to keep their hands busy this is perfect. It's definitely worth more than they're asking for. <end>
 B00023K5J6  Sterling Silver Turtle Tortoise Motion Spin Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Nice!  This ring is well worth the price. It's silver, so it won't turn your finger green, it's adorable, and for those who like to keep their hands busy this is perfect. It's definitely worth more than they're asking for. <end>
 B00023K6U4  Sterling Silver Malachite Celtic Claddagh Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  if you love green  I have received several complements on this ring. Nice look especially if you have thin fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I've ordered the same ring previously about a year ago, but managed to lose it one day. I liked the ring so much, though, that I came back and ordered a new one because I couldn't find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price. I love this ring! <end>  Gift for my niece  I thought this was nice looking. It was a gift for my 17-yr-old niece, and she must really like it since she lost the original and wanted the exact same one as a replacement. <end>  Great ring  The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for. <end>  good for the price?  In the picture the stone protrudes. it is just flat. Not real excited about that. And it's tiny. I was expecting a little bigger. <end>
 B00023K7IA  Sterling Silver Green Celtic Knot Claddagh Ring Size 8(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  So Disappointed  I had this ring for years and lost it a few months ago, so I was very excited when I found it here online and at such a great price. It came very quickly and I had no problems receiving the order but the ring itself was so disappointing. It looks nothing like the product pictured! It's a very shiny silver. Nothing like the beautiful antiqued look in the picture or how my old ring used to look. Its also very cheap looking. Like it came from a quarter machine in an arcade. DON'T ORDER IT. it looks nothing like the ring in the picture. I am so bummed. I hope I get my money back. <end>  Quarter Machine Rings  I concur with the other 1 star review. The ring is cheap and looks nothing like the picture. It doesn't have an antiqued finish as shown. It looks like something you'd get out of a quarter machine at a grocery store.If you want to impress your lady, look elsewhere. <end>  very pretty  A very nice sturdy ring. i bought this ring when i lost my claddagh. its strong and looks very nice on the hand. would make a great gift for any lady <end>  Good ring  It is a very shiny silver, but I think it looks lovely, not cheap. It's definitely sterling silver - just as sturdy as another sterling silver ring of mine - and the craftsmanship is very beautiful. The 'crown' looks a little cheesy, as it's sitting atop the heart without touching it at all, but otherwise it is a very nice, simple kind of ring with a bit of a Celtic flair.  3It doesn't look like the tarnished antique you see in the picture except in design, though. Just as a warning~ <end>  Awesome ring  I got this ring shortly before the last Harry Potter book was released, in what...2007? I've worn it every single day since then, and it hasn't broken or turned my finger green or anything else like that. It actually looks better than the picture, which looks kind of like cheap costume jewelry. The little green "gem" (whatever it is) is actually pretty dark, since no light gets behind the ring. I'd highly recommend this ring to anyone. I'd consider getting other one for my other hand, even! <end>
 B00023K8BQ  Moveable Sterling Silver Science SKELETON Bone Earrings ||	  Skeleton earrings  These earrings are a kick! The sterling silver is bright and shiny and the detail of the moveable skeleton's bones is amazing! I had a pair similar to these years ago from Mexico and lost them. These are even better than the first pair. Great for Halloween and Day of the Dead celebrations on November 2 too! <end>  I love these earrings!  I live in Korea so you can't find earrings thatare genuinely unique. Everyone wears gigantic hoopsor multicolored studs these days. So I looked up earringson Amazon. These skeleton shaped earrings are just my type!They are cute and fashionable and totally unique! (At leastin my country -) They're just perfect for Halloween andto wear in biology class as a joke(not that I takebiology. Tee hee  -)The only bad thing about these earrings is that they area bit heavy. I probably shouldn't shake my hair or anythingif I wear these. <end>  love them!  These are so adorable I wear them with everything. There don't look cheap at all! I hope they wouldnt for $$54!! <end>  Sterling silver skeleton bone earrings  I love these earrings. I'm a teacher and wear them to school when we are learing about bones. I also always wear these earrings near Halloween, they are a hit with the kids! <end>  fun halloween earrings  I enjoyed wearing these the week of Halloween. I do not care for plastic or painted jewelry, but do like to have special items for holidays -- so these were perfect! <end>
 B00023K8N4  Mommy and Baby ELEPHANT Family Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Perfect  I am a new mom and I made a gift to myself! They look just perfect!!! <end>  Very Pretty  Product as advertised. Very sweet for a new mom, without being too obvious when she wears them. <end>
 B00023K8OI  Fire Dance Phoenix Sterling Silver Medical Caduceus Symbol Pendant Necklace ||	  Amazing Pendant!!!  I feel in love with this pendant when I stumbled upon it a few days ago, so I went ahead and ordered it. Shipping was super fast, ordered on Tuesday, Nov 30th and received it Fri, Dec 3rd. The item is a bit pricey, but worth it! Not heavy at all when wearing it, you tend to forget you have it on. The chain (19") is a little short for my neck, but I already have another chain prepared for it, so I'm not too concerned about that. Overall, I'm satisfied with the product, and will definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Beautiful, but a little overpriced  I have to say that I love the pendant. The design is original, the size is perfect, the detailing of the feathers and serpents exact. However, there were a few flaws with the enamel in the sun disk - in three places you could see the silver underneath. It was tiny, though, and I could only see it from a distance of maybe three inches. The chain, at 19" long, was a little short considering the size of the pendant, and I am planning on going shopping for one a little bit longer and possibly in silver or stainless steel (22" should be perfect.) Considering the quality of the material I have to say that it would be better priced at around $40, especially considering the chain and the flaws in the sun disk. Overall, though, I am highly satisfied with this product. I would definately buy it again. <end>
 B00023K8Q6  CLADDAUGH Celtic Knot Claddagh Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Gorgeous Piece of Jewelry  I received this item and was pleasantly surprised. It is a beautiful piece of celtic jewelry and I have recieve several comments on it. It is detailed and highly polished. I am definitely going to be a repeat customer. <end>  Excellent Service  I have shopped with this company before and have never been disappointed. Fast shipping and delivery, reasonably priced and always what you expected. <end>  simply gorgeous  This is quite simply the most exquisite pendant I have bought in a very long time. It's quality and high shine is equal to any top end jewelry stores. Very pleased with this purchase. Perfect for an adult or a young teenager. Goes with everything. I can't say enough about this beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  PENDANT  THIS WAS A GREAT BUY ..I EXPECTED IT TO BE SMALLER BUT IT WAS JUST THE RIGHT SIZEI JUST LOVE THE WAY IT WAS MADE , ITS STRONG ,THICK AND STURDY FOR EVERYDAY WEARING <end>  Lovely  A very nice, substantial pendant. It is exactly as pictured and fast shipping. I have received many compliments on it and very much enjoy wearing it. <end>  The Claddaugh pendant  I bought this as a Christmas present for my niece, I had it sent direct to her so I've never seen it in person. She told me that she loved it and had put it on immediately after opening it. <end>  Great!!  I got this for my wife on V-Day and she loved it! I really don't know to put in words on how great this celtic knot pendant it! I'll come back and buy more products from this company for sure. <end>  My bestfriend loved it!  I bought this as a gift for my bestfriend who loves anything Irish! She loved it! It's strong and doesn't feel cheap in your hands. The only problem I had was that it was just the pendant and no chain or necklas. But overall this was very nice. <end>  AWESOME  I received this wonderful charm from my husband for my birthday. It looks even better than the picture. Very clear, crisp detail and lovely. I would caution that it is heavier than we thought and we didn't purchase a strong enough chain. That's ok -- a reason to shop more! <end>
 B00023K8Z2  Horses Sterling Silver Running HORSE Pony Charm Pendant ||	  Another successful Christmas gift  This is another successful gift. I gave this one to myself. I just love the way it looks. Thank you <end>  Horse Pentant  Beautiful little galloping horse pentant. Light weight and not gaudy. Perfect for adult or older child with casual clothing wear. <end>  pretty  This I'd very pretty. Nicer looking then the picture. It is only one sided, but I'm okay with that. I bought this for my 18 yr old little sister and I know she will love it. I only gave it 3 stars because I feel for the price, it should come with a chain. <end>  Beautiful and Memorable  I've been traveling to Chincoteague Virginia for years.Because I go birding, I have no chance to search for charms.I've been collecting charms since I was under 10 years old.Chincoteague is known for ponies.I decided to search for a pony charm to add to my collection to represent mytimes going to Chincoteague.This charm is the one I chose. It is beautiful, adds to my collection and very memorable. <end>  Cute charm for a horse lover  As others have already observed, it's too bad that this is "one sided" but it's a good deal for the price and a perfect gift for a horse-crazy teen! <end>  Horse charm review  This is a lovely charm made well. Perfect for the friend or child that likes horses. <end>  Very nice, but a little scratched  Just as my title states- this item was purchased as a gift. My friend loves the pendant, but upon arrival it had a small scratch on the body of the horse. <end>  Horses Sterling Silver Running HORSE Pony Charm Pendant  Fast and easy ordering, Received frequent order status updates. Received order as expected (fast) <end>  Running Horse Pendant  I fell in love with this pendant and had to have it. I received the product right away. The product is true to its picture. It's beautiful. The only thing is I wish it had the design on both sides so you can change the direction of the horse. The design is only on one side and the other is flat/hollow. That is the only complaint I have. I would definitely recommend this product. <end>  pendant only  I didn't realize it was the pendant only. Still need to purchase a chain to go with it for my daughter. I should have paid closer attention. I assumed since it was pictured with a necklace that it came with one. <end>  Would rate higher if it were 3 dimensional.  It's nice, but I wish it did not have a "backside," I bought it to put on a necklace I made for a friend. It looks nice and she likes it, so I'm okay with it. <end>  Lovely, detailed and sterling silver. This is a perfect present for your female horse lovers  My fiance is a horse finatic. I bought pendant as a present for her. When I received it, I was impressed with the detail. It is lovely and shines as only silver does, and I know I'll get big-time brownie points when she opens it on X-mas. Also a great stocking-stuffer. <end>  very nice  this pendant makes for a really nice accessory. it doesn't however come with a chain, so plan on buying one or using an old one. <end>  Beautiful SS Horse Charm  I ordered this charm for my niece who loves horses. I was impressed. Exceptional quality and delivery was fast. Since this is only the pendant without a chain, I bought a braided leather choker for it which added to it's equestrian charm. When she opened it up she started to cry and said it was the best gift ever. <end>  Charmed  It's a good price for the charm. I did not realize that it did not include a chain so I was grateful for the option at the end of the transaction to purchase one. Received on date promised and in excellent condition. I would shop again from this seller. <end>  very pretty  yes i recieved the horses sterling silver charm pendant and really liked it.it is very pretty and i know my grandaughter will love it.thank you!!! <end>  Sterling Silver Pony Charm  This charm is absolutely gorgeous.Reminiscent of Polo Ralph Lauren!A great addition to any casual outfit. <end>  Horse  The charm is very pretty, and i love the pouch that it came in. I just hold the chain that was bought for it fits. <end>
 B00023K8ZC  Plain Teardrop Perfume Vial Scent Holder Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  I love this  It's high polished silver, I use it for Holy Water, but I guess perfume would work. Not sure how to get parfume in the small opening though. But it looks like it's a completely designer designed silver piece. I put it on a long chain in sterling and layer with other icons I wear. This is heirloom quality, I'm very happy. Shipping was fast and it was packages well. <end>  beautiful & unique piece  This was bought as a Christmas present for my nieces. I love it & so did they. Thanks for a wonderful & unique piece of jewelry! <end>  Perfume Holding Jewelry  You know how you go out Christmas shopping and at the perfume counters they give you those tiny little samples. I think this perfume bottle is a great way to use those! I have been searching the internet for a charm bracelet that has tiny perfume holding bottles. I would love to have one! <end>
 B00023K99W  Sterling Silver Islamic Hamsa Hand of Fatima Charm Pendant ||	  the hand of fatima  this product was exactly as it looks. i was pleased with the timely shipping and the packaging. the pendant is light and very compfortable to wear. <end>  accurate description  the design is exactly as shown above; its about the 3/4 of an inch. and it looks nice with a silver or leather necklace. <end>  great product  The Hamsa was just like I expected. I had already ordered one before and the service was just as great. The delivery was very fast. Thank you so much. <end>  pretty.... pretty...  Very nice, just as pictured...I have not taken this off for at least 5 months now. Shower, work out, sleep...does not seem to tarnish at all. Just a little wipe down wd a cloth and its good as new. Not too big or small, just enough so people notice when they are close to you. Very anicent symbol executed in classic minimalist way, I love it and see myself wearing it for many years to come.. <end>  good stuff  good product just as described. good quality,not flimsy. and the fastest shipping ever. swear it was at my house the next day. <end>  Delicate and Beautiful  This is a beautiful piece. I looked for a long time to replace the hamsa hand that was given to me in Egypt. This one is perfect. It's delicate and sturdy and lovely to look at. The detail is so pretty and elegant. I wear it often <end>  a mezmorizing piece with a deep Judaic meaning  In different cultures the Hamsa Hand of Fatima has different meanings. In biblical terms and the Judaic Religion, for what I bought it for, The Hand of Miriam or Talisman or Hand of G-D is said to bring prosperity and good luck to those who adorn the Amulet.This particular piece has meaning in many Middle Eastern Cultures but what ever the culture may be, the beauty of the piece cannot be denied, made from 925 Sterling Silver and large enough for others to see and adorn too but not too large for the wearer to enjoy its purpose, its beauty, the quality and intricacy of the design work, etc.A very unique take on the Hamsa, the hand of G-D, extremely ornate and well packaged for a gift or to be worn by you.Whether Male or female, the piece can be worn and often commented by others on its delicate balance of beauty and handsomeness, depending upon the sex of the one wearing it.In my case, I bought it for myself and am a male and although I have other Hamsa's, this is far different from those in my ever growing collection.A truly well designed piece of Jewelry that looks much better in your hand and on a necklace than in the picture presented above... <end>  Wow  This is better then picture and very well made. I received lot of compliments.I recommend this product . I love it! <end>  Perfect  Lovely, dainty piece of jewelry. Exactly what I was seeking. I wear it with a sterling dark blue evil eye. Next is a Ganesha. HighlyRecommended. <end>  Doesn't have to be Islamic!  I need two more of these because everyone I like,likes this Hamsa hand. I wish it were back in stock right now because I need 2 of them now. Anyway Hamsa hands don't really belong to any one religion regardless of what they claim. They're just another cool symbol to wear. <end>  Beautiful  This is beautiful. I love it and have no complaints. Would make an excellent gift. <end>
 B00023K9CO  Sterling Silver BLUE LAPIS Egyptian Style Cuff Bracelet ||	  Blue Lapis Bracelet  This was a birthday present for my daughter and she absolutely loved it. It was a last minute purchase and I was afraid she wouldn't receive it in time but she did. The company was very quick to ship as promised. The bracelet was excellent quality and a very good price. They actually had a lot of good products so it was hard to decide which one I liked best. I would definitely recommend this company to all. <end>
 B00023K9RO  GOTHIC Letter Initial M Sterling Silver Charm Pendant ||	  Go Goth!  Beautifully crafted, and very unusual. Heavy piece so that you don't have to worry about it bending or breaking. <end>
 B00023LTRI  Petite Diamond (.10 ctw) Cross Pendant in 14k White Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Cross pendant  Looked alot more substantial in the photo. It is a nice delicate item sale price was good but would be expensive if full price. <end>
 B00023LTX2  Diamond (.15 ctw) Heart Star of David Pendant in White Gold with 16in. chain ||	  An exquisite piece of jewelry  I got so many compliments for it! I love it because it is both elegant and chic in the same time. And the price is not bad at all! People think it costed much more....and that I had it custom-made. I have the white-gold one, but the yellow/white gold mix is also nice. <end>  Beautiful and Unique  I hope my girlfriend doesn't realize that I bought this on amazon, because she absolutely loves this necklace and thinks i looked long and hard to find something so unique. They make this is yellow gold too, but i would suggest maybe just adding a little more bling to it. <end>
 B00023XDNQ  Salton JW10 Jewelry Cleaner Spa ||	  Lots of parts, not as simple as pictured!  recieved with missing parts, it was a mess, I returned it for my money back. <end>  It'll clean...but may not be the greatest...  The unit is compact with a storage area for holding strainer basket and tweezers. Unlike the Jewel Jet, this unit uses distilled water only. When you turn on the steamer, you wait for the "Ready" light, and then press steam. The steam starts slow, then builds til the light goes out. Then about 10 seconds later, a real blast of steam and WATER comes shooting out. Unless you have their container underneath, you will have water running all over your counter. The unit has a cleaning bin which takes about 15 minutes to heat up.I think that this unit will provide clean jewelry. The steam blast does not appear to be as strong as the Jewel Jet, however if you follow the precleaning procedure first in their soaking bin, I think you will end up with as clean or cleaner jewelry than the Jewel Jet.Keep in mind that fatty substances on jewelry really need to be cleaned with a detergent first in order to ensure a thorough cleaning. We tried using steam only, and it did not turn out near as well as using the soaking bin and their powder detergent. <end>  This is wonderful! WORKS GREAT!!!  After having my rings professionally cleaned & steamed before the holidays I decided I just have to try a home system. I wear my rings all the time and I need something to help clean them gently. I can't use sonic cleaners and the ammonia cleaners were fine but not spectacular.I was very surprised and I am very happy with the results. My rings sparkle and shines so much I can't help staring at them. My husband was surprised and gives me his ring to clean now too.Distilled water was easily found in the supermarket for $1.29 a gallon.I can't compare it to other steam cleaners, but this worked great and I'm very pleased. <end>  Sparkling Clean!  This unit cleans as well as a professional jeweler's. However, it is large, messy and a bit time consuming. That said, the results are exceptional and it will keep me out of the Jeweler's, so it was money very well spent. The unit is very well designed and the instructions are very clear. The steam is very hot and combined water which can cause it to splash, so one must exercise care in using. But still, well worth the effort! <end>  Jewelry will look brand new  The Salton jewelry cleaner makes your jewelry look brand new. I could not believe the dirt that is removed from all the pieces. I found it is best to repeat the process to get the best results. Once done your jewelry will sparkle. The only problem was setting it up the first time. You must make sure the water container is securely in its place or the steam will not function even though the ready light is on. Highly recommend this product. <end>  I love this jewelry cleaner!  I received this gift for Christmas.It was fun and easy to use.My rings haven't looked this great since I got married 14 years ago!My kids enjoyed watching me use it.I would totally recommend this product!!!!!!! <end>  Salton JW10 jewelry cleaner spa  I ordered this spa to clean my jewelry. I have been most pleased with the results. the whole process takes only a few minutes and your jewelry comes out sparkling clean and shiny with no residue. The salton jewelry spa is easy to use and the distilled water and powder last a while. I was very impressed with the machine and very much enjoy using it. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking to clean their jewelry using a professional method, while only taking a few minutes of your time. And best of all, very little cleanup. <end>  Doesn't work - TWICE  I ordered and received the Salton cleaner and the steamer portion didn't work. Amazon was wonderful and sent a replacement immediately. The second one still doesn't work. There isn't a troubleshooting guide in the manual and when I called Salton, they could not provide any additional help. <end>  Big production cleaner with decent results  After using the cleaner, my engagement ring came out almost as clean as when I have my jeweler professionally clean it. The steamer is pretty strong so be careful of burns and water spewing beyond the designated area. It's also quite a production to fill up the tanks, measure out the cleaner, mix, heat up, clean, and steam each piece so be prepared to clean all your jewelery when you use it. <end>  Love it. Clean gems!!!  This product works really well. My jewelry is now sparkling. Gets very hot in the steam department so pay attention and use the tweezers and basket to help hold under the steam flow. Keep your hands clear. Just wish the steam action was slightly longer instead of having to push the "steam " button a few times to clean an item. <end>  product great, seller not so much  I have one of these I got somewhere else, and loved it, it really does clean jewelry well, and the chamber is big enough for any jewelry. Tried to get one as a gift and seller was advertising something they didn't actually have, so that part really sucked. That, and it took them a week to email me and tell me they didn't actually ship it because they didn't have one, even though the Amazon email said they did. <end>
 B000256UMA  Amazon.com  Royce Leather Mini Jewelry Case (Black)  Clothing ||	  Jewelry Case  I have had one of these for several years and bought this one as a gift for a friend. It's a great small travel case and has individual pockets for ring and earrings storage. <end>
 B00025O4RI  Amazon.com  Gypsy Glass Bead Bracelet (safari)  Clothing ||	  Great  The product came quickly and was as shown. My sister loved it. How ever the shipping was way to high. It should have been shipped over night for what I paid. <end>  Talk about fast!  This glass bead bracelet I ordered is just beautiful! I am so pleased with the quality of the materials used. The fast delivery was amazing! I told my husband this evening, next year I'm ordering lots of these for Christmas gifts! Thanks Carolyn for a beautiful bracelet! <end>  Great buy and matches tons of outfits!  My mom requested some fun/chunky bead bracelets for Christmas, and these ended up being the perfect thing! I ordered them in red, blue and green, and couldn't be happier. They're the perfect size for both our wrists, and have sturdy clear elastic that isn't visible through the translucent beads. They stretch easily, but only when you want them to - no problems with them falling off your wrist or anything like that. It should be noted that the beads are slightly darker than they look in the images, though.The shipper upgraded the purchase from ground to express shipping at no additional cost, which was I great surprise! I got them within two or three days (about three days earlier than expected), and had plenty of time to wrap them before the holidays despite having ordered them a bit on the late side (around Dec. 20th). A great buy, and I'll definitely order some more in the future for myself! <end>
 B00025ODOC  Earspiral TM Earrings 301SGF 14K Gold-filled ||	  Gorgeous!  These earrings are gorgeous, attention getters, and very elegant. Just love them! Nice service from Amazon, too! <end>  very different look  Mine shine just fine. Very eye catching. Loved the directions to put on/off. Of course they have to be thin the spiral is what goes thru your ear/hole. About an inch or more in height. Don't sleep in them, they would be flattened. I think they will be one of my fav. gold earrings. <end>  Sculptural......  Very dainty and superb craftsmanship!Mr. Mason has amazing style indeed.If you don't have a giraffe neck such as mine,you will love these. <end>  Really Different  I really love this earrings. I knew from describtion they were unusual, but seeing a picture & actually wearing them.... Not hard to put on & you do spiral them into your ears. I sleep in mine no problem, no flating or losing their shape. While they are thin they are sturdy & shine brightly. <end>  Elegant look  These earrings are stunning and unique in design. Easy to put on and take off. I'm highly satisfied with this jewelry. <end>  Beautiful!  I got these for my mom as a Mother's Day gift and she absolutely loves them. She barely ever wears jewelery, but she wears these! Good buy  ) <end>  Great design but...  Loved these earrings online, but in person they were too small. I knew they had to be smaller than shown to fit in my ear, but these were significantly smaller and not proportional to my face. I ended up giving them to a pixie faced young friend who loves them. <end>  cute idea  Very cute little earrings! I've gotten compliments from the very first wearing. They are a bit delicate, thin even, so you may want to store them in the cute little box that they arrive in. I'd like to purchase some of the ones that have beads! <end>  very thin  I bought these for my wife. The earrings were nice but very thin and did not really shine....much smaller than I thought...may get attention but someone may need to be very up close to see them! Looks better in the picture than in real. <end>
 B00026KEFI  Amazon.com  Sterling Silver Adjustable Celestial Amethyst Anklet, Plus Size, Extra Long  Clothing ||	  An Anklet for the Rest of Us  There are plenty of anklets out there for the dainty and pixie footed. But God forbid your ankle exceed the 9 inch industry standard! This is not just a dreary queen-sized item however. This piece of jewelry is beautiful, intesterting and substantial - just like the woman who will wear it! <end>
 B00026P6UG  Men&apos;s 2.47 TCW Square Round Baguette Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  UNSATISFIED WITH PRODUCT  I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE ISN'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU <end>
 B00026P6VU  Men&apos;s 2.47 TCW Square Round Baguette Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  UNSATISFIED WITH PRODUCT  I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE ISN'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU <end>
 B00026SOOQ  Genuine Diamond Onyx Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful  This ring looked great on and was well worth the money paid for it. <end>  Beautiful  This ring looked great on and was well worth the money paid for it. <end>  Beautiful  This ring looked great on and was well worth the money paid for it. <end>
 B00026WTRE  One sided Solid Cartouche - Regular - Small up to 4 letters ||	  Great support from the vendor  I called the vendor for details about the cartouche and he was happy to answer all my questions. He also accommodated my special requests, and the cartouche is perfect. <end>
 B00027CJT6  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 7x5 Genuine Sapphire Earring Studs in 14 kt White Gold ||	  Sapphire Earring  I'm sorry but I can only give the opinion of the person who received these earring as a gift.They are very nice !I ordered from France. I'm very satisfied.Thank you for shipping delay ( very good ). <end>  sapphire earrings  I was very pleased with the sapphire studs. I purchased them as a gift and I have seen my friend wear them a number of times. She really enjoys them and is pleased with their versatility in that they go with much of her other jewelry and a number of outfits. <end>  Amazing value, beautiful earrings, lovely packaging, great service!  What a perfect gift for my daughter's 16th birthday! The price is amazingly low for such beautiful 1 carat sapphires (about half of what I would have paid at a local jewelry store). The lovely blue jewelry boxes with their satin bows (all in a velvet bag!) were just the perfect gift package. Shipping was quick. But most of all I was delighted that the earrings perfectly matched the pendant that I'd ordered at the same time. Thanks so much for such a wonderful gift. <end>  Finejewlers.com needs to match its name!  I received the earrings in the following condition 1. Dirty. Tiny black goo dots on the gemstones mixed with hair! I was saved a big embarrassment by examining the gift before giving it to my fianc&eacute; in front of her family.2. No certificate of Authenticity of the gold Studs or the Sapphire (as was advertized to accompany the item).3. No Lifetime Warranty Certificate (as was advertized to accompany the item)4. No Gift Message (as I had requested during ordering)Perception is reality. And right now I can't even be sure of how genuine the product is by the sloppy and careless way the order was handled. <end>  Looks black - poor craftsmanship  These earrings do not look blue at all - the sapphires are so dark, they look back and little light gets through the stone, even if you shine a flashlight on them. The posts are very thin and bend way too easily. Returned these and looked for a better quality item. <end>  wifes happy  wifes happy so i am happy. they were xmas present and she wears them all the time. Worth the money <end>  Not too good.  I got the item which is different from what I expected. it was black color in stead of blue. So I have returned and refunded it. <end>  Can't tell the difference between these and onyx...  They shipped quickly and are very large stones but they are so dark they literally look like onyx. For $200, I'm disappointed. I bought them because the only other studs my wife has are diamonds. My wife likes these, they are a great size, but I know I would be happier if they actually looked BLUE! I probably will not buy sapphires online again. The pictures people have posted of these look nothing like the stones we received. I guess there is just too much variability in sapphires to buy sight-unseen. <end>  Opaque!!!  They look nothing like the picture. These stones are very cloudy and dark. They appear midnight blue only in direct sunlight, but do not sparkle. One of the stones even looks milky at the bottom. <end>  They are good, but could be better  Overall my girlfriend loved these for her birthday present. However, I definitely felt like the presentation of the box and other packaging left a little to be desired. There is a velcro latch that actually made my girlfriend giggle a little when she opened it. This probably left her thinking that they aren't as valuable as they actually are. The earrings did look great though and she hasn't taken them off since. Consider other packaging before you present them to her. <end>  She was Wow'ed  Normally i wouldn't trust buying jewelery over the web, but i found these and i couldn't resist for that price. the product was better than advertised and she was blown away the moment she saw the little blue felt bag they came in. she loves them and she now wears them every day. they look great and to anyone looking for some inexpensive quality earrings. look no further. <end>  The perfect Sapphires to give her  If your wife/girlfriend/significant other ever says "I'd like some Sapphire studs", buy these. The price is great, the size is great, the metal is great (won't turn her earlobes green) and they come in a presentation that's pretty much flawless. They're a beautiful deep blue with a nice cut that's nicely reflective without having a "glitzy" look - she can wear these to work every day if she wants. Also, the presentation is perfect - they come in a small blue velvet box with a metal clasp that's inside another blue velvet box with a white ribbon that's velcrowed together so no ribbon breaking needed, and that in turn is in a blue velvet bag with draw strings. There's absolutely no need to add anything to it - take it out of the cardboard box it ships from Amazon in and you're ready to hand it to her.The best part of the whole thing is that other women will want them when they see her wearing them - my boss is a woman and when she saw them on my wife, her comment was instantly "if you don't want them, I'll take them!". This got quite the smile out of my wife, which, after all, is the main objective of the whole thing - make her happy. <end>
 B00027CUOU  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine 3 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Very nice ring for the price  I am completely satisfied with this ring. It has bigger stones and a nicer style than comparably priced rings. If you are looking for a 3-stone mother's ring, this is by far the nicest I found. It came beautifully presented in a wooden ring box and velvet bag!I am impressed and very pleased. <end>  Don't be afraid to order online.  I was, like most people perhaps, a little apprehensive about ordering jewelry online. I read the reviews from other's who purchased this ring and felt a little more confident.I am happy to say that I am very pleased with the total experience from this vendor. The ring isn't "cheap" looking at all. It has some substance to it and the stones they used are very nice indeed. It comes in it's own wooden gift box, inside a plain white box, inside a nice blue velvet bag, nice. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry at a very reasonable price.The staff at finejewelers were easy to work with. Communication was great and the turn around time was excellent! I read that they will call you but I emailed them first. They returned my email very promptly to confirm my stone choices and emailed me when my order shipped. Excellent. Thank you FineJewelers! <end>  MOTHERS RING  THE RING IS EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED, THE FIT IS PERFECT, THE STONES ARE GORGEOUS, AND THE SETS ARE TIGHT.THANK YOU FOR READING THIS REVIEW. <end>  Perfect, just what I have been looking for!  The ring is just beautiful, I couldn't have asked for anything better. Thanks so much! Love it!!!!! <end>  overall a positive experience  I too was skeptical about purchasing jewelry online. However, I also struggled to find a substantial mothers ring anywhere at a reasonable price so I gave it a shot. The ordering process was easy and the ring came very quickly. In general, I am happy with the experience. The stones are a nice size. One of the stones is set crooked so I will have to have it re-set since I don't have time to send it back to the company before I give it to my mom for her birthday. Overall, I don't think you can do better at this price point for the size of the stones, the fact that they are genuine, and that it has real diamonds. <end>  Excellent Mother's Ring  I absolutely loved this ring and received it VERY quickly. Most jewelry stores take weeks to deliver a ring like this. Not to mention the prices are ridiculous and most are only 10kt gold with synthetic stones. I would recommend this ring to anyone! My mother absolutely loved it and how unique it is from most Mother's rings. I'm a very satisfied customer! <end>  Very happy  Absolutely satisfied. Also, if you're wondering how you pick the stones after you place the order they email you asking for your stone choices. That confused me at time of order. <end>  Mother's Ring  A beautiful piece of jewelry. Quality product and responsive customer service. My wife really appreciates it as a gift. Thank you. <end>  Great company  It is lovely, it has not been off my finger since I received it.It is actually more beautiful on my finger than on the page.Very nice professional establishment to work with.Thank you. <end>  Superfast, and beautiful quality  Turnaround in under a week! Super quality! Thanks so much!!!! <end>  Very nice ring for the price  I am completely satisfied with this ring. It has bigger stones and a nicer style than comparably priced rings. If you are looking for a 3-stone mother's ring, this is by far the nicest I found. It came beautifully presented in a wooden ring box and velvet bag!I am impressed and very pleased. <end>  Don't be afraid to order online.  I was, like most people perhaps, a little apprehensive about ordering jewelry online. I read the reviews from other's who purchased this ring and felt a little more confident.I am happy to say that I am very pleased with the total experience from this vendor. The ring isn't "cheap" looking at all. It has some substance to it and the stones they used are very nice indeed. It comes in it's own wooden gift box, inside a plain white box, inside a nice blue velvet bag, nice. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry at a very reasonable price.The staff at finejewelers were easy to work with. Communication was great and the turn around time was excellent! I read that they will call you but I emailed them first. They returned my email very promptly to confirm my stone choices and emailed me when my order shipped. Excellent. Thank you FineJewelers! <end>  MOTHERS RING  THE RING IS EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED, THE FIT IS PERFECT, THE STONES ARE GORGEOUS, AND THE SETS ARE TIGHT.THANK YOU FOR READING THIS REVIEW. <end>  Perfect, just what I have been looking for!  The ring is just beautiful, I couldn't have asked for anything better. Thanks so much! Love it!!!!! <end>  overall a positive experience  I too was skeptical about purchasing jewelry online. However, I also struggled to find a substantial mothers ring anywhere at a reasonable price so I gave it a shot. The ordering process was easy and the ring came very quickly. In general, I am happy with the experience. The stones are a nice size. One of the stones is set crooked so I will have to have it re-set since I don't have time to send it back to the company before I give it to my mom for her birthday. Overall, I don't think you can do better at this price point for the size of the stones, the fact that they are genuine, and that it has real diamonds. <end>  Excellent Mother's Ring  I absolutely loved this ring and received it VERY quickly. Most jewelry stores take weeks to deliver a ring like this. Not to mention the prices are ridiculous and most are only 10kt gold with synthetic stones. I would recommend this ring to anyone! My mother absolutely loved it and how unique it is from most Mother's rings. I'm a very satisfied customer! <end>  Very happy  Absolutely satisfied. Also, if you're wondering how you pick the stones after you place the order they email you asking for your stone choices. That confused me at time of order. <end>  Mother's Ring  A beautiful piece of jewelry. Quality product and responsive customer service. My wife really appreciates it as a gift. Thank you. <end>  Great company  It is lovely, it has not been off my finger since I received it.It is actually more beautiful on my finger than on the page.Very nice professional establishment to work with.Thank you. <end>  Superfast, and beautiful quality  Turnaround in under a week! Super quality! Thanks so much!!!! <end>  Very nice ring for the price  I am completely satisfied with this ring. It has bigger stones and a nicer style than comparably priced rings. If you are looking for a 3-stone mother's ring, this is by far the nicest I found. It came beautifully presented in a wooden ring box and velvet bag!I am impressed and very pleased. <end>  Don't be afraid to order online.  I was, like most people perhaps, a little apprehensive about ordering jewelry online. I read the reviews from other's who purchased this ring and felt a little more confident.I am happy to say that I am very pleased with the total experience from this vendor. The ring isn't "cheap" looking at all. It has some substance to it and the stones they used are very nice indeed. It comes in it's own wooden gift box, inside a plain white box, inside a nice blue velvet bag, nice. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry at a very reasonable price.The staff at finejewelers were easy to work with. Communication was great and the turn around time was excellent! I read that they will call you but I emailed them first. They returned my email very promptly to confirm my stone choices and emailed me when my order shipped. Excellent. Thank you FineJewelers! <end>  MOTHERS RING  THE RING IS EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED, THE FIT IS PERFECT, THE STONES ARE GORGEOUS, AND THE SETS ARE TIGHT.THANK YOU FOR READING THIS REVIEW. <end>  Perfect, just what I have been looking for!  The ring is just beautiful, I couldn't have asked for anything better. Thanks so much! Love it!!!!! <end>  overall a positive experience  I too was skeptical about purchasing jewelry online. However, I also struggled to find a substantial mothers ring anywhere at a reasonable price so I gave it a shot. The ordering process was easy and the ring came very quickly. In general, I am happy with the experience. The stones are a nice size. One of the stones is set crooked so I will have to have it re-set since I don't have time to send it back to the company before I give it to my mom for her birthday. Overall, I don't think you can do better at this price point for the size of the stones, the fact that they are genuine, and that it has real diamonds. <end>  Excellent Mother's Ring  I absolutely loved this ring and received it VERY quickly. Most jewelry stores take weeks to deliver a ring like this. Not to mention the prices are ridiculous and most are only 10kt gold with synthetic stones. I would recommend this ring to anyone! My mother absolutely loved it and how unique it is from most Mother's rings. I'm a very satisfied customer! <end>  Very happy  Absolutely satisfied. Also, if you're wondering how you pick the stones after you place the order they email you asking for your stone choices. That confused me at time of order. <end>  Mother's Ring  A beautiful piece of jewelry. Quality product and responsive customer service. My wife really appreciates it as a gift. Thank you. <end>  Great company  It is lovely, it has not been off my finger since I received it.It is actually more beautiful on my finger than on the page.Very nice professional establishment to work with.Thank you. <end>  Superfast, and beautiful quality  Turnaround in under a week! Super quality! Thanks so much!!!! <end>  Very nice ring for the price  I am completely satisfied with this ring. It has bigger stones and a nicer style than comparably priced rings. If you are looking for a 3-stone mother's ring, this is by far the nicest I found. It came beautifully presented in a wooden ring box and velvet bag!I am impressed and very pleased. <end>  Don't be afraid to order online.  I was, like most people perhaps, a little apprehensive about ordering jewelry online. I read the reviews from other's who purchased this ring and felt a little more confident.I am happy to say that I am very pleased with the total experience from this vendor. The ring isn't "cheap" looking at all. It has some substance to it and the stones they used are very nice indeed. It comes in it's own wooden gift box, inside a plain white box, inside a nice blue velvet bag, nice. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry at a very reasonable price.The staff at finejewelers were easy to work with. Communication was great and the turn around time was excellent! I read that they will call you but I emailed them first. They returned my email very promptly to confirm my stone choices and emailed me when my order shipped. Excellent. Thank you FineJewelers! <end>  MOTHERS RING  THE RING IS EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED, THE FIT IS PERFECT, THE STONES ARE GORGEOUS, AND THE SETS ARE TIGHT.THANK YOU FOR READING THIS REVIEW. <end>  Perfect, just what I have been looking for!  The ring is just beautiful, I couldn't have asked for anything better. Thanks so much! Love it!!!!! <end>  overall a positive experience  I too was skeptical about purchasing jewelry online. However, I also struggled to find a substantial mothers ring anywhere at a reasonable price so I gave it a shot. The ordering process was easy and the ring came very quickly. In general, I am happy with the experience. The stones are a nice size. One of the stones is set crooked so I will have to have it re-set since I don't have time to send it back to the company before I give it to my mom for her birthday. Overall, I don't think you can do better at this price point for the size of the stones, the fact that they are genuine, and that it has real diamonds. <end>  Excellent Mother's Ring  I absolutely loved this ring and received it VERY quickly. Most jewelry stores take weeks to deliver a ring like this. Not to mention the prices are ridiculous and most are only 10kt gold with synthetic stones. I would recommend this ring to anyone! My mother absolutely loved it and how unique it is from most Mother's rings. I'm a very satisfied customer! <end>  Very happy  Absolutely satisfied. Also, if you're wondering how you pick the stones after you place the order they email you asking for your stone choices. That confused me at time of order. <end>  Mother's Ring  A beautiful piece of jewelry. Quality product and responsive customer service. My wife really appreciates it as a gift. Thank you. <end>  Great company  It is lovely, it has not been off my finger since I received it.It is actually more beautiful on my finger than on the page.Very nice professional establishment to work with.Thank you. <end>  Superfast, and beautiful quality  Turnaround in under a week! Super quality! Thanks so much!!!! <end>  Very nice ring for the price  I am completely satisfied with this ring. It has bigger stones and a nicer style than comparably priced rings. If you are looking for a 3-stone mother's ring, this is by far the nicest I found. It came beautifully presented in a wooden ring box and velvet bag!I am impressed and very pleased. <end>  Don't be afraid to order online.  I was, like most people perhaps, a little apprehensive about ordering jewelry online. I read the reviews from other's who purchased this ring and felt a little more confident.I am happy to say that I am very pleased with the total experience from this vendor. The ring isn't "cheap" looking at all. It has some substance to it and the stones they used are very nice indeed. It comes in it's own wooden gift box, inside a plain white box, inside a nice blue velvet bag, nice. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry at a very reasonable price.The staff at finejewelers were easy to work with. Communication was great and the turn around time was excellent! I read that they will call you but I emailed them first. They returned my email very promptly to confirm my stone choices and emailed me when my order shipped. Excellent. Thank you FineJewelers! <end>  MOTHERS RING  THE RING IS EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED, THE FIT IS PERFECT, THE STONES ARE GORGEOUS, AND THE SETS ARE TIGHT.THANK YOU FOR READING THIS REVIEW. <end>  Perfect, just what I have been looking for!  The ring is just beautiful, I couldn't have asked for anything better. Thanks so much! Love it!!!!! <end>  overall a positive experience  I too was skeptical about purchasing jewelry online. However, I also struggled to find a substantial mothers ring anywhere at a reasonable price so I gave it a shot. The ordering process was easy and the ring came very quickly. In general, I am happy with the experience. The stones are a nice size. One of the stones is set crooked so I will have to have it re-set since I don't have time to send it back to the company before I give it to my mom for her birthday. Overall, I don't think you can do better at this price point for the size of the stones, the fact that they are genuine, and that it has real diamonds. <end>  Excellent Mother's Ring  I absolutely loved this ring and received it VERY quickly. Most jewelry stores take weeks to deliver a ring like this. Not to mention the prices are ridiculous and most are only 10kt gold with synthetic stones. I would recommend this ring to anyone! My mother absolutely loved it and how unique it is from most Mother's rings. I'm a very satisfied customer! <end>  Very happy  Absolutely satisfied. Also, if you're wondering how you pick the stones after you place the order they email you asking for your stone choices. That confused me at time of order. <end>  Mother's Ring  A beautiful piece of jewelry. Quality product and responsive customer service. My wife really appreciates it as a gift. Thank you. <end>  Great company  It is lovely, it has not been off my finger since I received it.It is actually more beautiful on my finger than on the page.Very nice professional establishment to work with.Thank you. <end>  Superfast, and beautiful quality  Turnaround in under a week! Super quality! Thanks so much!!!! <end>  Very nice ring for the price  I am completely satisfied with this ring. It has bigger stones and a nicer style than comparably priced rings. If you are looking for a 3-stone mother's ring, this is by far the nicest I found. It came beautifully presented in a wooden ring box and velvet bag!I am impressed and very pleased. <end>  Don't be afraid to order online.  I was, like most people perhaps, a little apprehensive about ordering jewelry online. I read the reviews from other's who purchased this ring and felt a little more confident.I am happy to say that I am very pleased with the total experience from this vendor. The ring isn't "cheap" looking at all. It has some substance to it and the stones they used are very nice indeed. It comes in it's own wooden gift box, inside a plain white box, inside a nice blue velvet bag, nice. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry at a very reasonable price.The staff at finejewelers were easy to work with. Communication was great and the turn around time was excellent! I read that they will call you but I emailed them first. They returned my email very promptly to confirm my stone choices and emailed me when my order shipped. Excellent. Thank you FineJewelers! <end>  MOTHERS RING  THE RING IS EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED, THE FIT IS PERFECT, THE STONES ARE GORGEOUS, AND THE SETS ARE TIGHT.THANK YOU FOR READING THIS REVIEW. <end>  Perfect, just what I have been looking for!  The ring is just beautiful, I couldn't have asked for anything better. Thanks so much! Love it!!!!! <end>  overall a positive experience  I too was skeptical about purchasing jewelry online. However, I also struggled to find a substantial mothers ring anywhere at a reasonable price so I gave it a shot. The ordering process was easy and the ring came very quickly. In general, I am happy with the experience. The stones are a nice size. One of the stones is set crooked so I will have to have it re-set since I don't have time to send it back to the company before I give it to my mom for her birthday. Overall, I don't think you can do better at this price point for the size of the stones, the fact that they are genuine, and that it has real diamonds. <end>  Excellent Mother's Ring  I absolutely loved this ring and received it VERY quickly. Most jewelry stores take weeks to deliver a ring like this. Not to mention the prices are ridiculous and most are only 10kt gold with synthetic stones. I would recommend this ring to anyone! My mother absolutely loved it and how unique it is from most Mother's rings. I'm a very satisfied customer! <end>  Very happy  Absolutely satisfied. Also, if you're wondering how you pick the stones after you place the order they email you asking for your stone choices. That confused me at time of order. <end>  Mother's Ring  A beautiful piece of jewelry. Quality product and responsive customer service. My wife really appreciates it as a gift. Thank you. <end>  Great company  It is lovely, it has not been off my finger since I received it.It is actually more beautiful on my finger than on the page.Very nice professional establishment to work with.Thank you. <end>  Superfast, and beautiful quality  Turnaround in under a week! Super quality! Thanks so much!!!! <end>
 B00027DTW2  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>
 B00027DTWC  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>
 B00027E7JG  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful ring  I received this as a gift from my husband (after much hint-dropping) and could not be more pleased. The quality of the stones is excellent  the deep blue of the sapphires is perfectly offset by the bright diamonds. According to my husband, the ordering process was very easy and the ring was easily returnable (that is, if the price tag was not removed). My setting is in white gold, which has retained its color and has stayed shiny since I received it about 8 months ago. Highly recommended. <end>
 B00027I1FM  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Filligree Ring ||	  Graceful and Beautiful  I purchased this ring as a gift for my mother on christmas. She wears it proudly as a pinky ring, and is quoted as saying that it captures the beauty and grace of the female. A true treasure for any female. <end>
 B00027I1GG  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027I328  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027I34G  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  beautiful emerald ring  Beautiful ring. Fast shipping. Ring fits perfectly and the setting is tight and well made. Ring is tastefully decorated with two diamonds next to center stone. Band is elegantly fashioned with scroll work. Timeless beauty. Thank you. <end>
 B00027I3LE  14K White Gold Round Genuine Ruby Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for myself because I love rubies. I wanted one for a pinky ring, and the filigree makes it just perfect. Love the fact that it is also a natural ruby. Size I ordered fit perfectly. Thumbs up to the seller! <end>
 B00027I40O  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  beautiful emerald ring  Beautiful ring. Fast shipping. Ring fits perfectly and the setting is tight and well made. Ring is tastefully decorated with two diamonds next to center stone. Band is elegantly fashioned with scroll work. Timeless beauty. Thank you. <end>
 B00027I454  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  beautiful emerald ring  Beautiful ring. Fast shipping. Ring fits perfectly and the setting is tight and well made. Ring is tastefully decorated with two diamonds next to center stone. Band is elegantly fashioned with scroll work. Timeless beauty. Thank you. <end>
 B00027I4FE  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Filligree Ring ||	  Graceful and Beautiful  I purchased this ring as a gift for my mother on christmas. She wears it proudly as a pinky ring, and is quoted as saying that it captures the beauty and grace of the female. A true treasure for any female. <end>
 B00027I4IG  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027I4QI  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Filligree Ring ||	  Graceful and Beautiful  I purchased this ring as a gift for my mother on christmas. She wears it proudly as a pinky ring, and is quoted as saying that it captures the beauty and grace of the female. A true treasure for any female. <end>
 B00027I4SG  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027IRFG  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027IRVK  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Be autiful ring!  This ring is small and dainty,, wear it as a pinky ring, I love it, came in good condition, will use these vendors again, thanks! <end>
 B00027IS3M  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Sapphire Ring ||	  way too small  Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was, way bigger. So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring. <end>
 B00027ISK0  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Be autiful ring!  This ring is small and dainty,, wear it as a pinky ring, I love it, came in good condition, will use these vendors again, thanks! <end>
 B00027ISLO  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027ISWS  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027IT0E  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027IT7C  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Blue Topaz Ring ||	  Beautiful  I think it would probably be better without the diamonds, since they're too small to really add anything to it. I was having a really hard time finding anything like this without diamonds, though. The topaz was actually a bit larger than I expected and is a very beautiful color. I can only hope that she loves it as much as I do. <end>
 B00027ITE0  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Be autiful ring!  This ring is small and dainty,, wear it as a pinky ring, I love it, came in good condition, will use these vendors again, thanks! <end>
 B00027IU4Y  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  gem fell off  I wore this on and off for about 2 years, then one day when I woke up, the tanzanite had fallen off. I looked but never been able to find it. One of the prongs was slightly bent. So even though it looked pretty, it's very flimsy and definitely not worth it. I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold. <end>
 B00027IUFI  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027IUJ4  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027IV8O  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Be autiful ring!  This ring is small and dainty,, wear it as a pinky ring, I love it, came in good condition, will use these vendors again, thanks! <end>
 B00027IVD4  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027LSIE  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  my mother loved it  bought this for mothers day it is her birth stone she loved it still wears it 3 years later and it is still intact <end>
 B00027LTF6  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Aquamarine Filligree Ring ||	  Aquamarine and Diamond Ring  At 58 years old, this is my first birthstone ring ... and I am DELIGHTED! I was actually jumping up and down in my seat when I opened the box. It is lovely and was in a cute bag with a little bear as a plus!! This is just an awesome, dainty, beautifully colored Aquamarine White Gold Ring. SUPER! <end>
 B00027LTME  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Filligree Ring ||	  Great Purchase  I love this ring, I wear it practically every day and I couldn't be happier with it. The gold is a little more yellow than it appears in the display image but it still looks amazing with the stone. I am completely satisfied with this purchase. <end>
 B00027LTXI  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Sapphire Filligree Ring ||	  disappointed  was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back <end>
 B00027LUF0  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Aquamarine Filligree Ring ||	  Aquamarine and Diamond Ring  At 58 years old, this is my first birthstone ring ... and I am DELIGHTED! I was actually jumping up and down in my seat when I opened the box. It is lovely and was in a cute bag with a little bear as a plus!! This is just an awesome, dainty, beautifully colored Aquamarine White Gold Ring. SUPER! <end>
 B00027LVKY  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Aquamarine Filligree Ring ||	  Aquamarine and Diamond Ring  At 58 years old, this is my first birthstone ring ... and I am DELIGHTED! I was actually jumping up and down in my seat when I opened the box. It is lovely and was in a cute bag with a little bear as a plus!! This is just an awesome, dainty, beautifully colored Aquamarine White Gold Ring. SUPER! <end>
 B00027LVO0  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Sapphire Filligree Ring ||	  disappointed  was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back <end>
 B00027LW0I  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Aquamarine Filligree Ring ||	  Aquamarine and Diamond Ring  At 58 years old, this is my first birthstone ring ... and I am DELIGHTED! I was actually jumping up and down in my seat when I opened the box. It is lovely and was in a cute bag with a little bear as a plus!! This is just an awesome, dainty, beautifully colored Aquamarine White Gold Ring. SUPER! <end>
 B00027LW3K  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Sapphire Filligree Ring ||	  disappointed  was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back <end>
 B00027LW44  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  --- 5 Year review --- Still a great ring after stone replacement  It is a very nice looking opal ring that is not too small or too gaudy. I like the fillagree style and colorful stone. The diamonds are too small to really make a fuss over, but does give a nice sparkle touch.I ended up getting a full size too large, which may have helped me because the band is really thin, and making it smaller I beleive thickened it.Overall I am very pleased, the jeweler complimented on it and I dont think he would have guessed it was at this price.--- 5 year review ----The ring is still worn from my then girlfriend to my now wife, whis was only a birthday ring at the time and she still wears it. The gold has held up very well, no need to re-plate it yet but the opal unfortunately popped out at the "two-can" house at Litchfield beach couple years ago and we replaced it with a sapphire. the fittings were still tight so I assume the opal fractured and fell out. I learned that opals are a soft stone and can fall out or break more easily than other harder stones.5 stars, opals can break.. ring still great. <end>  Colorful opal  This ring gets mixed review from me. The opal does have nice color and seems to be of decent quality. The filligree is nice and adds to the visual appeal. As noted by other reviewers, the diamonds are small but nicely frame the opal. Unlike another review, the band on the ring I got wasn't thin and seems to be nice. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the opal/set. The ad made it look bigger. It is still a pretty ring but expected a bit larger stone. <end>
 B00027LWEO  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Aquamarine Filligree Ring ||	  Aquamarine and Diamond Ring  At 58 years old, this is my first birthstone ring ... and I am DELIGHTED! I was actually jumping up and down in my seat when I opened the box. It is lovely and was in a cute bag with a little bear as a plus!! This is just an awesome, dainty, beautifully colored Aquamarine White Gold Ring. SUPER! <end>
 B00027LX3E  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  --- 5 Year review --- Still a great ring after stone replacement  It is a very nice looking opal ring that is not too small or too gaudy. I like the fillagree style and colorful stone. The diamonds are too small to really make a fuss over, but does give a nice sparkle touch.I ended up getting a full size too large, which may have helped me because the band is really thin, and making it smaller I beleive thickened it.Overall I am very pleased, the jeweler complimented on it and I dont think he would have guessed it was at this price.--- 5 year review ----The ring is still worn from my then girlfriend to my now wife, whis was only a birthday ring at the time and she still wears it. The gold has held up very well, no need to re-plate it yet but the opal unfortunately popped out at the "two-can" house at Litchfield beach couple years ago and we replaced it with a sapphire. the fittings were still tight so I assume the opal fractured and fell out. I learned that opals are a soft stone and can fall out or break more easily than other harder stones.5 stars, opals can break.. ring still great. <end>  Colorful opal  This ring gets mixed review from me. The opal does have nice color and seems to be of decent quality. The filligree is nice and adds to the visual appeal. As noted by other reviewers, the diamonds are small but nicely frame the opal. Unlike another review, the band on the ring I got wasn't thin and seems to be nice. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the opal/set. The ad made it look bigger. It is still a pretty ring but expected a bit larger stone. <end>
 B00027LXSE  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  --- 5 Year review --- Still a great ring after stone replacement  It is a very nice looking opal ring that is not too small or too gaudy. I like the fillagree style and colorful stone. The diamonds are too small to really make a fuss over, but does give a nice sparkle touch.I ended up getting a full size too large, which may have helped me because the band is really thin, and making it smaller I beleive thickened it.Overall I am very pleased, the jeweler complimented on it and I dont think he would have guessed it was at this price.--- 5 year review ----The ring is still worn from my then girlfriend to my now wife, whis was only a birthday ring at the time and she still wears it. The gold has held up very well, no need to re-plate it yet but the opal unfortunately popped out at the "two-can" house at Litchfield beach couple years ago and we replaced it with a sapphire. the fittings were still tight so I assume the opal fractured and fell out. I learned that opals are a soft stone and can fall out or break more easily than other harder stones.5 stars, opals can break.. ring still great. <end>  Colorful opal  This ring gets mixed review from me. The opal does have nice color and seems to be of decent quality. The filligree is nice and adds to the visual appeal. As noted by other reviewers, the diamonds are small but nicely frame the opal. Unlike another review, the band on the ring I got wasn't thin and seems to be nice. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the opal/set. The ad made it look bigger. It is still a pretty ring but expected a bit larger stone. <end>
 B00027N2B0  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Picture Perfect  The ring was lovely and the opal was stunning. My only regret was it had the prongs and not bevelled. <end>
 B00027N2R4  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Picture Perfect  The ring was lovely and the opal was stunning. My only regret was it had the prongs and not bevelled. <end>
 B00027NHRY  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  +++  good design , AAA stone quality (i assume since it change colors it came from africa region)good toy ) <end>
 B00027NI14  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Men's Men's Ring ||	  my son loves it!  My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring. After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high, I decided to check out the offerings on line. My son decided on this ring and he loves it. Shipping was very fast. Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick. The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price. Many thanks. <end>
 B00027NIGE  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  Nice ring but ouch!  This is a beautiful ring, and I really liked it. Only problem is the stone fell out, and I chucked it int the woods oooopsie! Besides from that little mishap, very nice looking and exquisite design. <end>
 B00027NJWM  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  +++  good design , AAA stone quality (i assume since it change colors it came from africa region)good toy ) <end>
 B00027NK5I  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  Nice ring but ouch!  This is a beautiful ring, and I really liked it. Only problem is the stone fell out, and I chucked it int the woods oooopsie! Besides from that little mishap, very nice looking and exquisite design. <end>
 B00027Q924  14K White Gold Marquise Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Ring  Is a lovely gift to my daughter and she loves it very much.Thank youChar <end>
 B00027QAEQ  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027QAHI  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  Good ring for the price  I like the ring and tanzanite looks nice as well in the ring and good value for the price as well. <end>
 B00027QAYQ  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027QBIQ  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027QBYU  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  Good ring for the price  I like the ring and tanzanite looks nice as well in the ring and good value for the price as well. <end>
 B00027QC5I  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  Good ring for the price  I like the ring and tanzanite looks nice as well in the ring and good value for the price as well. <end>
 B00027VUS2  14K Yellow Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  looks nice, not the best quality.  The ring actually looks nice, but the picture is a little misleading. The whole back of the ring is hollow. Overall, the ring weighs about as much as a ring that you would get in a quarter machine. I can't see how the price can be anywhere over 200 dollars. I'm considering returning this. <end>
 B00027VWAI  14K Yellow Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  looks nice, not the best quality.  The ring actually looks nice, but the picture is a little misleading. The whole back of the ring is hollow. Overall, the ring weighs about as much as a ring that you would get in a quarter machine. I can't see how the price can be anywhere over 200 dollars. I'm considering returning this. <end>
 B00027VZ3M  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027VZDM  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027WGDK  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027WHB6  14K White Gold Round Genuine Aquamarine Men's Men's Ring ||	  It's Ok, but don't expect any weight  This is a nice ring, but do not expect it to feel like it is on your finger. There is no weight to it. The stone has a nice cut and color. If you want a nice heavey ring go with sterling. <end>
 B00027WI2O  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027WICO  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027WIH4  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027WIO2  14K White Gold Round Genuine Aquamarine Men's Men's Ring ||	  It's Ok, but don't expect any weight  This is a nice ring, but do not expect it to feel like it is on your finger. There is no weight to it. The stone has a nice cut and color. If you want a nice heavey ring go with sterling. <end>
 B00027WIQ0  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027Z2U4  Art Deco Style Sterling Silver .85ct Cubic Zirconia and Sapphire Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  I am happy to say that the pictures do not do this beauty justice. It looks like an antique family piece worth far more than $44.00! The filigree is very dainty. I know it is just a CZ but it does not look cheap. So glad I took a chance on it. *jumps up and down* <end>
 B00027Z2UY  Art Deco Style Sterling Silver .85ct Cubic Zirconia and Enamel Ring ||	  I LOVE THIS RING!!!!!  My fiance bought me this as our engagement ring and I absolutely LOVE IT!!! I've always adored Art Deco patterns and this ring is an outstanding example of what was popular during that era. The Cubic Zirconia is stunning and the scroll work detail in the metal is truly unique in its design. I couldn't be happier with this ring!!!! <end>  so happy!  Very difficult ordering this as I knew it was not 'real'.My 'real' deal was a vintage setting that could not be fixed,nor the stone replaced without purchasing a new setting, whichcan not be afforded at the time. This ring has gone beyondmy expectations, and lasted! I love the true vintage quality of this ringso much, if I ever do return to the position of purchasing a new 'real' ring. . .I would show them this one. No one can tell the difference, especially if you havea wedding band that accentuates the vintage quality.This ring is a gem to find!Thank you Seller! <end>  Magnificent Ring At Any Price  Bought this ring for my fiancee when arrangements for me to get a genuine family heirloom art deco ring for her fell through (long story). Saw the picture and instantly clicked on it to buy it. Beautiful. Then I saw the price and was fear-stricken. I thought, "There is no way, for that price, this ring is going to look like anything except something that comes out of a gumball machine at the supermarket." Well, let me tell you, it's absolutely stunning. The setting is magnificently detailed and the enamel inlays add a very unique touch. My fiancee couldn't be happier and absolutely loves it. The seller was also very accommodating when I had to change the shipping address because I was travelling when it was scheduled to be delivered. All things considered, it's a magnificent ring, and the buying process was swimmingly flawless. My fiancee wanted "something pretty," and she got it. Highly recommended. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love vintage jewelry and this ring has the look of a vintage Art Deco piece. CZ is brilliant. I received the item quicker than I had anticipated. <end>
 B00028881I  Versace V-Oval - Topaz and Diamonds White Gold Ring USA 7 | UK N | IT 14 ||	  I love this piece!  I own this ring in Amethyst. It is of highest quality and very heavy gold. A great piece that I will hand down to my daughter...truly a future heirloom.What a loss of a wonderful designer. We miss you Gianni!!! <end>
 B0002936D2  Amazon.com  Dead Beetle Bracelet - Small Lime  Clothing ||	  A smash hit  My girlfriend is a teacher - students are consistently amazed by this bracelet. Decidedly a conversation piece, well worth the purchase. <end>
 B0002936DW  Amazon.com  Dead Beetle Bracelet - Medium Lime  Clothing ||	  A smash hit  My girlfriend is a teacher - students are consistently amazed by this bracelet. Decidedly a conversation piece, well worth the purchase. <end>
 B00029JINY  Diamond Anniversary Band ||	  Sweet Ring!  My husband got me this for our anniversary. I've been wanting a new band to go with a very nice engagement ring that he had made for me. This little band matches my engagement band very nicely! When it arrived we realized that we hadn't ordered correctly and the size was wrong. I emailed the company and they replaced with with the correct size. No problems. I was very happy with the company, Cool Styles! Of course it's hard to buy jewelry without seeing it and trying it on. This band is a little thinner (thickness wise) than I thought it should be. But for the price, it is a good deal. <end>  Great dainty ring!  I was definitely happy with the 1/10 ct Diamond Anniversary band. It was a great compliment for the Engagement ring I got for my Wife. It has milgrained edges that matched perfectly beside her 18k white gold 1.2 ct Tiffany Legacy style ring and it was for $500 less than the band that was supposed to match it! Very happy <end>
 B00029U1GC  14k White Gold 4mm Ball Stud Earrings, Medium (M) Size, Hypoallergenic - $42.99 SALE ||	  4mm ball earrings  I absolutely love these earrings. They are cute and small and perfect. The backings have stayed securely in place for me and have never fallen off. I work on a farm, so these little guys are just perfect. They look nice and never get caught on anything. <end>  They are amazing1  These earrings are exactly what I expected! They are very fine and glossy, and look amazing on my ears (I put one in the earlobe and the other - in the cartilage, looks awesome)! There were no problems with shipment (they shipped it to Russia within 2.5 weeks, while it usually takes over 3 weeks to get a product from the US), so these earrings were a perfect buy at every level. <end>  Too tiny and too loose  The stud was as described. The backs were so tiny I could hardly hold them to put them on and then the first time I wore them one of the backs came off and was lost.Sybil <end>  Exactly as advertised  The item ordered was shipped promptly and was exactly as described. No problems whatsoever. <end>
 B00029U2IO  Small 14k Yellow Gold Men/Baby/Children Endless Eternal 12mm (1/2" or 0.5" diameter) Hoop Earrings, Flexible Perfect Fit Design, HYPOALLERGENIC ||	  Exquisite and perfectly sized  These earrings are so perfect I have no plans to take them out. I had been shopping for tiny hoop earrings for at least a year, but I never saw what I wanted. Everything I examined was too big or looked like it would hurt when I slept in them or they'd get caught on the towel when I dried my hair. Recently, I thought of looking at childrens' earrings and began my search with Amazon, not really expecting to find anything. I ordered these on a chance; things rarely look the same in hand as they do online, but the return policy was generous (no 20% restocking fee). Less than a week later, I received earrings that are remarkably sturdy for their diminutive size, were barely noticeable when I slept, and did not snag on the towel.The only negative aspect to the endless hoop design is that they were incredibly hard to put in with my big, adult fingers! I spent almost 15 minutes struggling on my own until I enlisted a helper. But they are now snugly in place and look perfect. Wish these were available in white gold or platinum! <end>  Too small for me  -(  I ordered these earrings knowing they would be small. If my ear holes had been a bit more toward the edge of my earlobe they might have fit. These earrings are *really tiny* and do not fit me. I need the next higher up size. These are like 3/8 inch, way small for me and also way difficult to even bend/manipulate to open the hoop. <end>  For people with nickel dermatitis  I am one of those who react when wearing watches with metal backs, buttons on jeans or belt-buckles. I put it on last night and no gooies, no burning, no itching , no irritation at all! Exactly what I was looking for. <end>  Perfect small gold hoop earrings  These earrings are great - they're easy to get in (relative to other small hoop earrings I have purchased), they look lovely on and they're a nice understated size. Small but perfectly formed! <end>  hard to get in  Very pretty but hard to get in. Doesn't open very wide without the threat of distorting them. But once in....pretty and just the right daintiness for the helix area. <end>  Extremely pleased  The earrings were exactly what I wanted. The delivery date was as promised. <end>  Too tiny  I bought this for my daughter but she did not get to wear it at all. The hoops are so tiny and the lock is so cumbersome that I could not even put it on her. I had to return them. <end>
 B00029U2J8  14k Gold Large (L) Size Endless 1 3/8" (33mm) Hoop Earrings, Eternal Loop 1.25x33mm Wire ||	  POOR PRODUCT DESIGN  THE CLOSURE FOR THE EARINGS WAS NOT SECURE, AS A RESULT, EVERYTIME ANYTHING BRUSHED AGAINST YOUR EAR THE CLOSURE CAME UNDONE AND, WITHIN TWO WEEKS, I LOST ONE EARING.THIS TYPE OF CLOSURE IS NOT PRACTICLE FOR ANYONE WHO IS REMOTELY ACTIVE. <end>  Gold Endless Hoop Earrings  The order arrived on time; packaged very nicely. They are quality earrings which was one of my concerns buying on-line, and not able to handle them. The price was fair. I would recommend and would myself purchase again. <end>  14Kgold large hoop earrings  I purchased these as a gift for my mother. She saw them on Amazon andasked that I buy them for her. She ended up returning them because thepost did not seem secure. It did not extend deep enough into the hollowhoop end, and seemed as though the earring would fall out of the ear prettyeasily. <end>  Simplicity is elegance!  These are simply beautiful earrings! Very comfortable and stylish. They can be worn for any occasion. I get many compliments on them. <end>
 B00029X95C  Sterling Silver Saint Michael Medal 3/4 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  Nice pendant  Nice little pendant. It's been a long time since I have worn a necklace and this one looks good. The chain is a bit shorter and thinner than I expected but it is fine. <end>
 B0002AAFVW  Copper Freshwater Pearl with Amethyst, Peridot, Garnet and Carnelian Oxidized Sterling Sprial Bracelet ||	  awesome  ...such beautiful pieces. I love all my Erica Zap jewelry. It's artform and jewelry all in one. <end>  Lovely Design  The design of this bracelet is lovely. The recipient of the gift loves it. The bracelet I received does not look exactly like the one pictured as the copper-look of the pearls is more frosted than metallic. This gives the bracelet a lighter look than anticipated, but it is a great piece to add to anyone's collection. <end>
 B0002AAG4I  White Freshwater Pearl Wire-Drop Earrings ||	  Pearl Earrings  The earrings were beautiful, exactly as pictured and well made. I will wear them for my wedding. Delivery was very quick too. Highly recommended! <end>
 B0002AAGES  Rhodium Rolled Mesh Bangle ||	  Amazing  This bracelet is great!! It looks just like the picture, fits me perfectly, and is rhodium plated so it won't tarnish. (It doesn't stretch to go over your hand though, so if you have big hands it might not fit.) I love it! <end>
 B0002AAPW6  Earcuff 9DGF 14K Gold-filled ||	  Substantial, yet very elegant.  I got this for my 14 year old daughter who will not pierce her ears. It is a very elegant and well-made piece of jewelry, and it has been comfortable for her to wear. The photo doesn't show this, but one end is "U" shaped and the other has two open ends, like some of the other brands pictured on Amazon. However, the open ends on this one are nicely blunted, not just cut with sharp edges. It can be worn on the top of the ear or at the back (as pictured), depending where it fits your particular ear best.  ) Everyone's ears are different! It has been knocked off the top of her ear when she put her hair behind her ear, but she caught it right away in her hand. So, be careful to not lose it, but if you wear it in a tighter-fitting place, I don't think it'll be a problem. Love the expensive looking finish on this piece too. <end>  Elegant. High quality. Great price.  My review title pretty much sums it up. This is a high quality ear cuff--strong as ever and a perfect gold tone with great shine. I also love its simplicity; makes it comfortable to wear casually, but still looks elegant with dressy bottom earrings. And as someone who has bought many earcuffs of varying quality, this price is amazing for what you get. Easy to slip on, and it's comfortable. I mostly buy jewelry I can put on and forget about--I wear it in the shower, and even to bed. <end>  earcuff  I gave this item to my granddaughter and she loved it. First because there was no piercing involved and it fit perfectly and also she said it was no problem putting it on because of the instructions that were included with the item. Her friends noticed it and wanted to know where she got it..they should be ordering very soon... <end>  lost  This was a nice item until it fell off my ear. Put it on just as advertised but it still fell off and got lost. <end>  Well made and beautifully finished.  This cuff is easy to slip on but doesn't slip off unless you remove it. Very pretty design. I bought two. One for my granddaughter and one for me. We both really have fun wearing them. <end>  Very pretty  Love it! Very much like the picture ! Comfortable to use, everyone complements me! I would for sure buy it again! Thanks guys! <end>  Understated elegance.  Well made, stand out, comfortable, have maintain their shiny appearance even when wearing them day in and day out. Looks good with casual wear as well as dressy clothing. <end>  Too beautiful!!!!!  I am in love with all of Harry Mason's creations. You will be to! Male or female I can just say WOW!!!! <end>  Didn't receive the item  Didn't receive the items. I was really looking forward to have this earrings . It was just like the one I used to wear when I was younger <end>  Earcuff 9DGF 14K Gold-filled  My first pair of earcuffs. Sturdy, good size. Nice earcuffs. Relatively fast shipping, packed well. Only issue I have is that there is an &#34;open end&#34; (meaning that it's one continuous wire that's been shaped into a cuff) and the two ends of the wire are left as is. It's not as comfortable to wear with ends of wires poking your ear.I think a better design would have been to finish the ends by soldering together or by somehow rounding out the ends of the wire so not as sharp. Other than that, the overall quality seems okay. I'll know what to look for when purchasing my next one. <end>  Earcuff  Product arived so quickly and I love it. I have cancer and wear scarves so the cuff is perfect. Feel naked without earrings but this is great. May have to get another one for the other ear!!!!Excellent seller!!! <end>  Unique and beautiful - nice option for not piercing your cartilage.  I ordered this ear cuff as an option for not piercing my cartilage. I love the look of cartilage piercings but have read enough reports of people having problems with it to make me leary of doing it. This ear cuff is a great option for getting the look without the piercing. It looks great and stays on well. It's even better than a piercing in some ways as you can reposition it wherever you want above your ear lobe.I have not had any problems with it falling off. I have to squeeze it a bit once I get it in place where I want it, but once I do, it stays in place. I have fallen asleep with it on and it has stayed on all night. I ordered the gold, but plan on ordering a similar one in silver. Love it! <end>  Perfect!  This item is perfect! I get compliments all the time and everyone always asks me where i got it. A ton of people think that i actually have a piercing. It is comfortable and i don't even remember that i am wearing it. I even shower and sleep with it on. It is easy to adjust and looks very high quality! This is a must have! <end>  Very elegant and has kept it's gold fill  This ear-cuff is comfortable and stays in place. I leave mine on all the time and have never had a problem sleeping or it hurting my ear. I have bought other styles from this seller because their products are great. <end>  Way too tiny!  I admit I do have rather largish ears, but this thing was so very tiny that I couldn't get it on at all! The seller happily refunded my money. Thanks. <end>  Update to previous review  Now that I have had a chance to put it on and take it off multiple times, I really like it. I can get it on and off fairly easily now. I have gotten a lot of compliments on it as well. Maybe I am just clumsy! <end>  new ear cuff  i love the delicacy of the gold, very feminine, however it is rigid and hard to adjust . i have a very small ear i wear it on and every time i wear it, it always falls off because i can't crimp the metal so it will stay in place. would hate to lose it. <end>  WOW  Really nice earcuff look so sexy I made a mistake and buy only one now I know how material and how lookreturn for more , very happy costumer and they have the best costumer service too , come on time I recoment this product if you want to see so sexy <end>
 B0002AW2TU  Braided Black Leather Necklace with Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Heart ||	  pice of junk  This necklace is definately NOT worth the money. The braided leather does not lay flat on your neck, like it shows in the picture and the silver part looks cheap and is very lightweight.I'm sending it back. Its such a shame that I have to pay the shipping charges twice...!!! What a rip off!! Never again! <end>
 B0002BLKPG  14K White Gold 1/2 ct. Diamond Earring Jackets (Higher Quality) ||	  Absolutely fabulous!  These earring jackets are gorgeous! They shine wonderfully with studs during the work-day and equally illuminate an evening out. I hardly take them off. I completely love them! Especially for the price, I would think that they are impossible to beat. <end>  Perfect!!!  I purchased these to go with a pair of 1 ct total weight emerald stud earrings, 1/2 ct each. These fit perfectly!!! They sparkle beautifully and are of very nice quality. I have been searching for this item at local jewelry stores and have been quoted $600 - $800 for a lesser product. These also make my diamond studs look gorgeous! Very pleased, would highly recommend. <end>  Perfect  These jackets easily hold up to 1/2 ct each ear, so a total of 1 carat. I have a saphire, a blue diamond, a white diamond and I am going to get an emerald stud.The jackets change an ordinary stud into something special. They sit well on the ear. I am very happy with them <end>  Great Jackets  I received these diamond jackets very quickly and am very pleased with them. The stones are clean and bright and they fit my 1 carat total weight studs perfectly. I am very pleased! (And I used to be a jeweler for a living!) <end>  This is awesome!  This is a beautiful earring jacket. The stones are clean & bright, the size is just right for me. I love it. Shipping is very fast. I will recommend this seller. <end>  Stunning  The earring jackets are even more beautiful in person. Highly recommend. They look lovely together with my diamond stud earrings. <end>  Highly recommend!  I had searched all the local jewelry stores and the few jackets I found were much more expensive and the diamond quality was unacceptable. I purchased these as a gift for my daughter. When my mother saw them she requested I order a pair for her. I am thrilled to be able to give my daughter these beautiful earring jackets. <end>  Poor Quality  These jackets are not good quality...I purchased these & I returned them the next day, they have a yellow tint to them & the clarity of these diamonds are very poor...Pay a little more & you can get a better pair, read my other review on the pair that I bought & kept...Sometimes its worth it to go the extra mile, especially when it comes to buying diamonds...You get what you pay for!!! <end>
 B0002BQP24  14kt White Gold Studs Earrings- ES1412 ||	  Great earrings  I purchased these because I have very sensitive ears. I have worn them nonstop for a month now, and my ears feel very comfortable, I don't even know I have them in, not even at night when I lay on them. The earrings are very pretty as well and have stayed nice and shiny looking this entire time, I haven't had to clean them yet. <end>
 B0002C75UE  Tommaso Design(tm) 5mm Round Genuine Tanzanite Stud Earrings LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Tanzanite earrings  The earrings were just as they were described. It was a great match to the Tanzanite ring my wife has. Shipping was very fast and the packaging was very professional. This was a Mothers Day gift and my wife loved it. <end>  Nice earrings  Only problem is all the branding on all the stuff. It would be much nicer if finejewelers wasn't on the bag, box, and then on the inside of the jewlry box. <end>  lost already...  -(  I bought the earrings for my wife for our anniversary. They came in the mail very quickly. She had them for three days. Then one of them fell out. She doesn't know exactly when and where, but one is gone. The back, she tells me, does not clip on too strongly, so they fall out quite easily. They are beautiful for sure, but to lose one only after three days was quite dissapointing. <end>
 B0002C767Q  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stones Tanzanite and Diamond Ring ||	  0.85 cts Tanzanite Ring  This ring is beautiful...on the "delicate" side but quite nice in color which to me is "lilac." It wasn't easy to find tanzanites set east-to-west so I am happy with my selection. <end>  0.85 cts Tanzanite Ring  This ring is beautiful...on the "delicate" side but quite nice in color which to me is "lilac." It wasn't easy to find tanzanites set east-to-west so I am happy with my selection. <end>  0.85 cts Tanzanite Ring  This ring is beautiful...on the "delicate" side but quite nice in color which to me is "lilac." It wasn't easy to find tanzanites set east-to-west so I am happy with my selection. <end>
 B0002C76GC  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76GM  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76GW  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76H6  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76TY  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C77HK  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 7x5mm Genuine Tanzanite and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Good stone, but bad band  Received the ring in a timely manner.The stone is lighter and more purple than the blue shown in the picture, but very pretty nontheless. I have not had it appraised and checked by my local jeweler yet, so cannot speak to the quality of the stone. To my ametuer eye, it is satisfying.However, the craftsman work on the band was the crudest I've ever seen. Not sure if it is due to the re-sizing, but I've had rings re-sized before and none came back asymmetrical. <end>  Good stone, but bad band  Received the ring in a timely manner.The stone is lighter and more purple than the blue shown in the picture, but very pretty nontheless. I have not had it appraised and checked by my local jeweler yet, so cannot speak to the quality of the stone. To my ametuer eye, it is satisfying.However, the craftsman work on the band was the crudest I've ever seen. Not sure if it is due to the re-sizing, but I've had rings re-sized before and none came back asymmetrical. <end>
 B0002C78RE  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 8x6mm Genuine Aquamarine Pendant in 14 kt Yellow Gold ||	  Okay.  I thought the piece was just the right size and I liked it in white gold, but the stone had no color and I was very disappointed. I will think twice before ordering jewelry again. <end>
 B0002CT9TY  Large (L) Size 14k Gold Half-Round 1 1/4"(30mm) Oval Hoop Earrings, HypoAllergenic ||	  Great earrings  I wear these daily and have had them almost a year. They are sturdy and still look new. For me, they were a good buy! I love them! <end>  Gift for Mom  These are very pretty! Seeing that they are a Christmas gift, and today is only the 24th, I haven't given them to her, YET! I believe she'll like them. I sure do! <end>
 B0002CVNRU  14KT Oval Opal Earrings ||	  Grest Birthday Present  My best friend likes Opal earings very much. I have been searching for a 9-10 mm 14KT Opal earings as a gift in vain in tradition stores until I found it at Amazon. The price is excellent, and my friend really like it when I gave it as her birthday present. <end>
 B0002CVOBK  14KT Pear Shape Garnet Earrings ||	  No quality control  I recieved this as a gift for my birthday, and when I opened it, I was terribly dissapointed. The earrings have two different prongs. One earring has all three prongs pictured (one of which looks like 'v', as shown), and the other has a different prong at the point of the earring. They are unwearable! The vendor has very poor quality control  they either should have noticed this before they shipped it, or their craftmanship is poor. <end>
 B0002CVODS  14KT Opal Leverback Earrings ||	  My birth stone  Opals look like a diamond from a far in pcitures.Love the oval shape also.Gold is the best for my skin tone light olive.Classic look. <end>
 B0002CWQKS  Gold Little Girl Italian Charm ||	  Gold Little Girl Italian Charm  I had hoped and expected something closer to the Zoppini Little Girl charm since we had a Little Boy charm from them and were trying to match it. This charm is a little more rough and raised (not as refined to me) than what we expected. <end>
 B0002CWZP4  2.50ct Total Weight Round Brilliant Cubic Zirconia Earrings ||	  Love these earrings . . .  I am so pleased with these earrings. They are just right in size and the posts and backings are gold, so no allergy problems. I love them because I can take them on vacation and wear them for everyday without worrying. While they are not "real" no one can tell. I encourage people to get these as opposed to cheaper CZ earrings. Well worth the seventy dollars. <end>  Lasting Beauty  My best friend and I both purchased a pair in late 2007, both of us still wear them daily. They have true lasting power, for brilliance and sheer classic beauty. They are large, but not over the top.I will say that the basket mount is a little difficult to clean and maintain at first. <end>  Bait and switch  I noticed while looking at a different item that this and other pieces offered by this seller in the product's name advertise that the piece is Zircon... It is not! It is Cubic Zirconia!CZ (cubic zirconia) is a man made diamond simulant. Zircon is a natural stone. They are not the same.It is against the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) guidelines for the jewelry industry to sell a simulant as any natural stone or under the name of a different stone.[&#8230;]Zircon is the mineral zirconium silicate ZrSiO4 <end>
 B0002D8FYI  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Initial Letter K Alphabet Pendant, 1/2 inch long ||	  beautiful  i got 2 necklaces a k and a b and they are beautiful. i love them i will buy more at sabrina silver and it came in the mail so fast thank you sabrina <end>
 B0002D8FYS  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Initial Letter L Alphabet Pendant, 1/2 inch long ||	  very cute  What impressed me the most about Sabrina Silver is the super fast shipping! My initial came in 2 days....would buy again from this store <end>
 B0002D8G6U  Sterling Silver Movable Sea Turtle Charm ||	  adorably sweet!  for all turtle lovers, this charm is real quality. It has gorgeous details and brings a smile to all who see it. A definite keeper. <end>
 B0002D8GGA  Beautiful Sterling Silver Classic Valentine Floating Heart, 7/8 in. long X 1 in. wide ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this necklace on a Tuesday, and got it on Thursday. What a fast response. But, the best thing was seeing it. If you love sterling silver, this is a must have. It is beautiful. The heart glides on this absolutely stunning snake chain. It sparkles and shines like no other I have ever seen. This is the necklace I will wear as my signature piece. I love it!J.P. <end>  Excellent Item  I am very happy with the workmanship. It looks very nice on the wife. Was very happy with the delivery time, approx. 4 days from the date of order. <end>  Pure heart but not so pure chain.  The Sterling Silver Floating Heart is very nice and looks wounderful. The chain has begun to blacken. Don't know much about sterling silver, but would have thought that the chain would not blacken if it was the same quality as the heart. Another chain of better quality could be purchased to remedy this problem hopefully. <end>  A great gift for your wife or girlfriend  I gave it to my girlfriend for V-Day, and she has worn it often. It looks nice with any outfit. I thought it was a good price for what it is. My GF liked it, I am sure yours will too. <end>  Lovely  I've been looking for just such a simple floating heart necklace for some time. The necklace was as described  well crafted and lovely. <end>  Very pretty for the price  It's as beautiful as it looks online, even better in person, don't usually wear necklaces but this is just the right size and have received many comments on how lovely it is, glad I bought it. <end>  Came just as expected.  I had no complaints with the product. It was just as advertised and came within expected time. I'd do business again. <end>  Be aware of its reverse side look  The pendant looks completely different from the reverse side.They better put another picture showing it.The overall quality is OK but the shape of the pendant makes it easy to turn around and show it's reverse side which looks not so fine as its front. <end>  Great product  This is a great product and I didn't have any shipping problems. My girlfriend loves it!! <end>
 B0002D8GMY  Sterling Silver Hand Engraved Round Locket, 3/4 inch ||	  Very nice buy  The locket is very nice and have received compliments. I have miniature photos of my family in the locket. Good price and value. Packaged nicely and sent timely. Will buy from them again. <end>  Perfect Gift  I really liked it. It had a really good look, and it locked well. It seems likes it's a good weight and of good quality. basically what you see in the picture is exactly what you get. If you're considering buying it, go for it, because you won't be upset. My girl is going to love it (i'm saving it til' Valentines Day).The engravings are what caught my eye, they're simple but still very elegant. it's a perfect balance.I recommend this seller. Speedy Delivery as well. <end>
 B0002D921I  Ladies Ruby and Diamond Ring ||	  A wonderful ring  At first when i got the ring, it seemed a little small, but when i gave it to my girlfriend, she absolutely loved it. She told me, that she doesn't like big rings, and that one was perfect. She wears everyday now because she says it's her lucky ring. Im glad i picked it... <end>
 B0002D9D7Q  14KT Two Tone Pearl and Diamond Ring ||	  Beautiful ring, great price  This ring is gorgeous, exactly what I wanted, and fits perfectly. Delivery was very fast. The seller even contacted me by email before shipping to make sure the size was correct. Price was very reasonable. I am very happy! <end>
 B0002D9DIK  Ladies Ruby and Diamond Ring ||	  A wonderful ring  At first when i got the ring, it seemed a little small, but when i gave it to my girlfriend, she absolutely loved it. She told me, that she doesn't like big rings, and that one was perfect. She wears everyday now because she says it's her lucky ring. Im glad i picked it... <end>
 B0002DA1VS  .01CT Round Diamond and Oval Ruby Ring ||	  Dainty, delicate, beautiful  Just received my ring. It's just as expected. I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker. A very good buy for the price. It would be a good gift for a teenager too. I love it. <end>
 B0002DA1X6  .01CT Round Diamond and Oval Ruby Ring ||	  Dainty, delicate, beautiful  Just received my ring. It's just as expected. I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker. A very good buy for the price. It would be a good gift for a teenager too. I love it. <end>
 B0002DA3VQ  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire ||	  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire Ring  I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loved it. Everything about the ring is great. The appraisal came with the ring and everything was in order just as they said it would be. It is well worth the money. <end>
 B0002DA3WA  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire ||	  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire Ring  I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loved it. Everything about the ring is great. The appraisal came with the ring and everything was in order just as they said it would be. It is well worth the money. <end>  .33ct Pear Shape Diamond Solitaire Ring  I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loved it. Everything about the ring is great. The appraisal came with the ring and everything was in order just as they said it would be. It is well worth the money. <end>
 B0002E1PNK  16" Braided Leather Necklace with Simulated Onyx ||	  nice product, but it needs a better clasp  I do really like this necklace. It is very attractive and goes with so many things. The only problem is that I have to be very careful of it because the clasp comes undone very easily. It comes off practically every time I lift off a scarf, for example. <end>
 B0002E479E  Sterling Silver Italian Horn. Made in Italy. 1 in. tall. ||	  Nice piece!  I received this Italian horn in pristine condition and I was completely satisfied with the receiving of this product in a timely manner. <end>
 B0002E479O  Tiny Sterling Silver Italian Horn, Made in Italy, It's 5/8 in. inch tall. ||	  NOT STERLING SILVER!!  I got this italian horn for my husband for Valentines Day and when he opened it, it was tarnished and looked like crap. [...] This is not real sterling silver!!!! TRUST ME!!! <end>
 B0002E47EO  Sterling Silver Large Script Initial Letter K Pendant w/ Cubic Zirconia Stones, 1 1/2 inch tall ||	  Lovlier than expected  Was pleasantly surprised by this beautiful charm. Larger and shinier than I had expected. The photo does not do it justice. <end>
 B0002E47KI  Sterling Silver Flawlessly Finished Huggie Earrings for men and women, Round Shape, 1/2" tall ||	  Cute Little Huggies  These are very cute and also tiny.Initially when I put them on the tiny bar wasn't snapping into place and they were loose.Finally when I readjusted them , they fir fine and I sleep with them and haven't had any problems.These are neat,but tiny and great for someone who likes a close fitting earring or wears more than one earring. <end>  perfect all the time earring  I wear these all the time and can sleep in them, they do not get caught in hair nor phone. They go great with my other silver jewelery. <end>  Needs maintence  As you'd expect with any silver the inside of the earring started getting black over time. There is a groove on the inside making it extremely hard to clean, but then again no one looks on the inside. After several months of continuous wear the outside also tarnished, but thats what happens with all silver.Now I've got some stainless steel ones which are great and after months show no sign of wear. <end>  Great quality!  This smaller huggies are fantastic! I wear them nearly every day...very comfy and lots of shine. <end>
 B0002E7BSI  Barbie 3-Drawer Tin Jewelry Box ||	  Cheap  It's cheaper than it looks. Lucky for me it was a gag gif for a 50 year old Barbie nut who wanted a new Jewelery Box. But the drawers are sticky, and have edges. I wouldn't buy this for a child. <end>
 B0002F8PNC  14k Yellow Gold Large Twisted Cable Hoop Earrings, 3mm thick x 30mm diameter, Hypoallergenic ||	  My wife loved the gift  Don't hesitate guys. These are not too big and not too small. The ladies will love to get them for a gift. <end>
 B0002FGUDE  Lapel Pins (10-Pack)  Scholastic Award Pin - Creative Writing ||	  Lapel Pins a Success  My students were thrilled with their lapel pins and proudly displayed them on their stoles for graduation. The Amazon experience in displaying the various award pins, the selection, the purchase, and the delivery (which was quicker than expected) was very easy.I will continue to use Amazon for my purchases.Lydia <end>
 B0002FHF1U  Men's Stainless Steel Cuff. 8.5mm Wide ||	  Stunning  The bracelet is made from a gorgeous brushed steel and is beautifully designed. It's very stylish and subtle. Simply put -- it was the perfect gift for my metrosexual husband. <end>
 B0002FOJ5A  Victorian Style VINE Sterling Silver Hoop Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful  I love these earrings, they are my favorite. I would love to get another pair to give to my daughter! <end>
 B0002FQBHY  Horses Sterling Silver Running HORSE Ring Band Size 8.5(Size 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  INTELLIGENT ANIMALS I LOVE  NO, I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES. I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES; BUT, SO AM I. WELL, ALL ANIMALS. HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON. REGARDS,DH <end>
 B0002FQC0K  4.5mm Sterling Silver Antiqued Oxidized Snake Skin Chain Bracelet 7" ||	  OH MY GOD !!!GORGEOUS !!!  THIS BRACELET IS TO DIE FOR ! IT IS GORGEOUS. I JUST LOVE IT AND IF YOU LIKE BYZANTINE AND ONYX,YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED.THIS IS HIGH QUALITY AND VERY VERY NICE !! SILVER INSANITY IS FAST ON SHIPPING TOO.GREAT SELLER. <end>  Interesting bracelet - blends w/oxidized silver, marcasite  Bracelet is pretty much as pictured - it seems like a dark gray with little popcorn pieces. It's an interesting, cool-looking bracelet - comfortable to wear. It looks very good with other oxidized pieces or marcasite. It measures just under 7" in length, including the clasp, which is a great size for me. If I find a bracelet at 7" or under, I jump at it. The width of the bracelet is good too. Packaging was a cloth drawstring bag. I think I will enjoy this bracelet. <end>  Beautiful for the price!  Bought this as a present for a girlfriend who loved it! It arrived in a pretty box, dainty, she was happy! Price couldn't be better. <end>  Very interesting and beautiful bracelet...  Very beautiful bracelet. It looks as being made of little crystals...I received it in time in Romania with Standard International Delivery on Amazon. It arrived the first day I should have received it. I just went later to collect it from the post. I'm really happy with it.I have also acquired a popcorn necklace before. Do these two go well together? I have no idea. Just the bracelet is not so thin as the necklace...It's nice this company has real pictures of its products, so you know what to buy, and what you buy. <end>  s.s. bracelet  This item arrived quickly and was as advertised.Neat little item, however a couple of inches smallerthan expected. Had to improvise an extension so itwould fit. Very satisfied with this product. MC <end>  Absolutely beautiful  Received item within 2 days of purchase - although it may be because I live near where it was shipped. Bracelet is beautiful, sturdy and surprisingly light. It's the perfect thickness and looks beautiful on my wrist, I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0002FQC64  Silver-Tone Pewter Celtic Sorcery Dragon Staff of Myrddin Pendant Necklace ||	  mighty dragons  Quite the conversational piece. A good buy for dragon lovers or Celtic "fiends". A small historical reference to "second sight" makes the silver piece more appealing at least to me.......... <end>  A little dissapointed  When I first saw this necklace, I considered it one of the best amazon had to offer, as usual I assumed it would not be as great as the image made it out to be and I was right. First of all, it was smaller then it looks on the picture here, but more importantly, on my copy, one of the indentations that line the inside of the dragons was missing. But don't get me wrong, it's just a small imperfection, I still think it's a great design <end>  Double Dragon Power!  So, being that I'm all into the sci-fi fantasy scene, this item was perfect for me. It looks good, all my friends love it, and the fact that it comes with it's own chain makes it even better! <end>
 B0002FQC6E  Silver-Tone Celtic Sorcery Raith Gras Cross Pendant 20" Necklace ||	  celtic cross  This pendant necklace is nice. I get a lot of complements when I wear it. <end>  Great Pendant that fits my personality!!!  This Celtic Pendant is only one of many that I own. Everyone always has their favorites and usually wears them a little more than the others. Well this Pendant is one of those favorites. Silver Insanity has a whole line of jewelry that fits my personality.. That being said I will of course be buying more items from this vendor. You can trust them to have great products, reasonable prices, and if something should be wrong with the item; Silver Insanity will honor your purchase and make sure the issue is taken care of as soon as possible.Thank You!!MJTuc... <end>  Silver Insanity  Silver Insanity never has disappointed me. Their jewelry is always nice, and I have bought a lot from this seller. This also makes a nice gift. <end>
 B0002FQC7S  Rainbow Moonstone Sterling Silver Beaded Charm Pendant ||	  I love this pendant  Although I love moonstone in larger pieces, this pendant however was eye catching.With it's very unique design, it will be something I will wear very often.The seller was prompt and very nice to deal with.I would order this product again. In fact I bought 2 of them. <end>  Beautiful Piece!  I was very pleased with this pendant! It was even more beautiful than the picture. It is a very nice size and quality for the price. I was afraid the stone might appear a little bland, as often happens with moonstone that is not the best quality, but the color and fire in the stone was even more vibrant than can be seen in the photo. It would definitely be an asset to your jewelry collection. So far, I have been more than pleased with everything I have purchased from this merchant. The items were shipped quickly and in good condition. <end>  Eye catching  I tend to wear this alot. There are some obvious occlusions.. but nothing horrific. Good value for the money. Many compliments. <end>  My friend loved it!  I bought it for my friend and she loved the pendant. It comes with a chain, but you have to buy it extra. It's not expensive, and she thought it was beautiful, which is enough to rate this 5 stars. <end>
 B0002FQCAA  Childs Etched Heart Locket Pendant with Sterling Silver 14" Chain Necklace ||	  Necklace  I bought 2 necklaces for each daughter for Christmas. The girls wear them all the time, they are very pretty and love opening up the lockets to look at the pictures we put them. <end>  jewelry  Small nick on the front of locket. I placed the order so close to x-mas, that I didn't have time to return it for another. <end>
 B0002FQCB4  Om Hindu and Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Charm Pendant ||	  Striking!  This necklace is gorgeous. It's a bit larger than a quarter and has great design. I get tons of compliments whenever I wear it. It is a very unique piece. <end>  WORTH IT  I bought this pendant as part of a Christmas gift for my girlfriend. It's properly weighted (definitely not too heavy nor does it feel flimsy and breakable) and looks very distinguished on the add-on chain; good deal for only an additional 5 bucks. It's a great size for someone who doesn't want anything too elaborate, that can be worn every day - between roughly a quarter and half-dollar. I'm not the greatest fashion consultant but can barely count on two hands the number of compliments she received JUST WHEN AROUND ME in a 2 week period. If you're looking for a thoughtful gift for anyone interested in Yoga, Buddhism, meditation, etc., this is a winner. Or if you're buying for someone who just likes interesting, nonconformist designs. <end>  Quality Unique Piece  I really love this piece! I wear it quite often. This is a great quality product. I bought this last year and there is no tarnishing, cleans well. It is good weight, not cheap considering the price. Fits any chain. I like to wear on long chain with turtleneck sweaters and it really stands out/shiny. I have received compliments every time I wear because it is so different. Definitely worth the price tenfold. <end>  profoundly beautiful for mom  This is just beautiful and worth it. What you see is what you get. It's big enough to display the om without looking bulky and gawdy. The surrounding celtic knot design perfectly complements the om. <end>  Om Hindu & Celtic Knot Silver Charm  Om Hindu and Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Charm PendantI found this to be bigger & better than had anticipated! Have enjoyed wearing it very much! Thank You. <end>  Design on pendant is very pretty  This is a great pendant. It is just the right size and I have been getting comments/interest from other people regarding the design of the pendant. Weight is just right and the color is also just right. Perfect! <end>  MY SEARCH IS OVER !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!  I could not be happier with this beautiful pendant!!! Just to see it, is inpiring, and then, I put my thumb underneath and my index finger on top, during the day when I have a "Hindu-way-of-life moment", and grace is mine. The concave shape allows one to feel the subtle invocation of "that way of life."The Om symbol is simple, yet powerful. For me, it has gone beyond religion, as I have stated, it's a way of life for me. Sometimes a mere human strays away from "Center", becomes materialistic, angry, egotisitical....etc.......this simple yet beautiful pendant will bring joy and stability to you if you allow your thoughts to mellow on what OM means and could do for you.I used to wear a solid gold necklace, but I have only worn it once since I received this. OM!! Shanti OM!!I have other pendants, but none are more special to me than this. You have no idea how much time, effort and money I have spent finding just the right thing......this is one of theose things....I am buying a few more for friends, as gifts. Everyone can use a friend and an OM! <end>  Fast Service/Beautiful Pendant  My oredr of a Om Hindu and Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Pendant by Silver Insanity is beautiful and shipping was fast. The only thing I need next is a silver necklace. Hope they sell these too. <end>  Absolutely Stunning!  This sterling silver Om Pendant is absolutely beautiful and looks far more expensive than the actual price. It is comfortable enough to wear day and night and the photo does not do the pendant justice. What a fantastic purchase. <end>  Very Nice  the Om Hindu and Celtic Knot pendant is pretty much true to its picture. Very nice weight and size. I thought it was a little more rounded though. Mine is flat. But very nice all the same. <end>  verry nice neckless  wow the detail on this neckless s great an it looks good on a black cord an on a silver chain, i get lots of complments wearing this neckless <end>  Om and Celtic Knot Silver Pendant  I received this Om Hindu and Celtic Knot pendant as a Christmas present from my daughter and absolutely love it. It means so much to me. It is lightweight yet sturdy and so beautiful. I will cherish this and wear it over and over. <end>  Just Beautiful - thanks Amazon  I just received shipment of my order and the Pendant looks gorgeous, I was in two mind before I ordered it but after reading some of the previous reviews I Ordered and I am glad I did it. <end>  Very Beautiful!  Very Beautiful! I bought this as a birthday present to myself and I couldn't be happier with it. I had to buy a chain but that's no big deal. I never take it off even in the shower and it still looks as good as when I first got it. <end>  Necklace  I LOVE this necklace. It is so unique and pretty. I wear it all the time. Thank you so much for making and providing such a wonderful product.P <end>  Super Gift  I love this charm and I am looking forward to giving it to my Husband for Christmas. I liked this charm so much that I also bought a necklace from the same company. All of the items that I have received from my husband from Silver Insanity have been quality pieces. All of the items from this company are not only high quality but they are also a great price. If you are looking for Silver Jewelry on Amazon I suggest you check out this company. <end>  A fine piece!  I love this pendant! It is a very nice size and very gorgeous. I haven't worn it yet though because now I have to purchase a chain. <end>  Charming Charm Pendant  This pendant was exactly as described. It has nice weight to it and is the perfect size. I get tons of compliments when I wear the pendant. <end>  Incredibly beautiful and attention getting!  This is a beautiful piece that gets attention everytime I wear it. It is a nice solid piece with intricate pattern and a bit larger than a quarter. Arrived super quick too! Anyone who loves yoga should have one of these because all of my yoga friends want mine! <end>  Love this item!  This Om and Celtic Knot pendant far exceeded my expectations! It's a little bigger than I expected, okay a lot bigger than I expected, but it's beautiful and an excellent quality. As soon as I receive the chain, I will wear it all the time. <end>  Just What I Was Looking For  I've owned this piece for 2 years now. I liked it enough to purchase one for a friend.This pendant is just as described. It's well-made and not at all flimsy, but not so heavy that you will not like the weight.I have literally worn it every single day since I purchased it. It does not come off. I purchased it with a beautiful snake chain (smooth, does not tangle in hair). Both items have remained untarnished and shiny.Altogether, this is a quality piece of jewelry. I looked at loads of Aum/Ohm pendants before choosing this one. You won't be sorry. <end>  I like it more than I thought I would  When I first received this, I wasn't that wild about the size. It was a little bigger than I expected. I decided to give it a chance, and over several months it has grown on me. It is now a favorite casual piece of jewelry. I take yoga, and I mostly wear it to my yoga class. It's especially nice with a V neck. I don't regret buying it, as I really do enjoy wearing it. If you're into yoga and meditation, you will like carrying the OM message with you always. <end>  handsome piece  It is exactly as it looks. Really nice piece. About the size of a half-dollar so slightly larger than I'm used to wearing. The compliments are many. <end>  Beautiful, shiny and just what I wanted  This is the perfect size. I like that the bail is big enough to let a leather cord run through it and not so big that a simple chain would look lost. The actual piece is beautiful. The craftsmanship is intricate yet simple. I will no doubt wear this with everything. <end>  Perfect!  It is a beautiful size and looks great on a simple silver chain. I am so happy I got this one, and I have gotten a lot of compliments. I love it! <end>  Celtic Om Pendant  This was well-made. I gave it as a gift to somebody who loves all things celtic. It was a strange combination, including the Hindu Om aspect, but she thinks it looks great. <end>  Om and Celtic Knot Charm  I received this as a gift. It is really a nice size, not too big. I wear it everyday as it reminds of being one with my breath, feeling grounded and connected to all........ <end>
 B0002FQCT6  Antiqued Elephant Sterling Silver Marching Elephants Toe Ring or Adjustable Pinky Ring ||	  elephants never forget in this comfortable toe ring  This toe ring is comfortable to wear next to other toe rings. The quality of the marching elephants is great for the price and good overall. I have it as a symbol of love you won't forget. A present you won't be ashamed to wear. <end>  cute  This is a very cute toe ring that you can match with a nice anklet... I love it. And its cheap, and delivery was fast. <end>  Toe Ring  I live in it. I wear it all the time and actually forget sometimes that I still have it on. <end>  Nice toe ring  I like this toe ring. The carving or imprinting is very clear and has kind of an antique look. I'm happy. <end>  It suits my Brown toes as well.  This toe ring is really awesome. it suites my toes really well and nothing happened to the ring even after everyday use. I am using this ring for the past 3 months. The rings can be on contact with water but not to be used with detergent, If you do so, inside of the ring is getting blackened out.Otherwise, it is awesome! <end>  Roll Tide... Toe rings  I LOVE my Elephant Toe rings.......ROLL TIDE!Shipper got them to me FAST!Thanks!!I will be back!!! <end>  Sterling Silver Marching Elephants Toe Ring  This toe ring is another great addition to my personal collection! It goes well paired with other toe rings and the sturdy silver aides in long wear. Must have for anyone who loves elephants! <end>
 B0002FQCVE  Sterling Silver Open Genuine Amethyst Drop Celtic Knot Necklace 17" ||	  Even prettier in person than in the picture.  I bought this necklace as a gift for my sister. She liked it so well, I'm getting her the matching earrings and bracelet for Christmas. She says she wears the Celtic knot necklace frequently and gets compliments every time. <end>
 B0002FQCWS  Pan K'uei Health Dragon Magical Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Lovely necklace  This necklace is well made, very lovely. I am very pleased with the quality. <end>  Worth it.  The picture does not do the pendant due justice. Its more beautiful in person. The dragon looks much close up. I would highly recommend these items to others. They have a wonderful selection. I plan to business with them again. <end>  Good Quality  Shipping was fast. I was surprised at how heavy the necklace is...it seems like it's really good quality. I have to agree with other comment though, the box it came in is cheap plastic...kinda cheesy. I took it out and placed it in a better looking jewelry box. After that, it made a great gift! <end>  Its alright  I was getting worried if it would arrive before my girlfriend went home for the holidays. Then as promised it arrived today, last day in the estimated delivery window. Hey its christmas I understand shipping sucks this time of year but I still would have been angry if it was late.Ok item itself looks great, I love the chain that came with it. The box looks a little to cheesy on the outside to be romantic, but the wrapping was high class enough to make up for the box.Im sure my girlfriend will love this, it will go great with her tattoo. <end>
 B0002FQCXW  Norse Celtic Knot MOON Dream Pendant Amulet Necklace ||	  Mostly well designed  I gave it four stars because holding it in my hand it just felt more rough and more masculine than I had supposed it to be from the picture. Therefore, someone else might well give it 5 stars. I can't exactly figure out what the shape is. Looks something like a bird and also looks something like a person in a cloak. I wanted to know more about the meaning. I will say that for what it is, many people will love it. It does have a bit of power in the feel of it, but for me it is a bit heavy around the neck. <end>  awesome!!!  The Norse Moon Pendant is an Eye-catching Piece of Celtic Jewelry crafted in lead-free pewter, silver, and gold. I collect crosses and moon jewelry and this is a great addition to my collection. I tend to like larger pieces of jewelry and this is a substantial piece. It is not too big though it is 2" tall x 1 1/4" wide, weighs 13 grams, and comes with a 20" chain. I love it and I am very happy with my purchace!!!! <end>
 B0002FQCYG  Heavy Sterling Silver Rolo Heart Charm Toggle Bracelet - 6.5" ||	  Good quality  After reviewing the comments about other bracelets and the weight feeling "cheap." I spent the extra money for a higher gram weight. It was a the right choice. It was just the right weight.My only slight concern was the length. It fit my wrist just barely. But I thought who wants a bracelet that moves up and down constantly. However I am a tall woman. But this was a present for my much smaller 19 yr old daughter. She said it fit fine. <end>  NICE HEAVY WEIGHT  I READ THE REVIEWS AND AM GLAD I DID. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GROWN DAUGHTER, SHE HAS WORN IT TO HER OFFICE EVERY DAY SINCE . SHE IS A CREDIT MGR. FOR A 200 EMPLOYEE CO. AND IT GETS A WORKOUT DRAGING ON THE DESK, COMPUTER ETC. AND IS HOLDING UP WELL. I AM NOT SURE A LIGHTER WEIGHT ONE WOULD TAKE THE USE.I WOULD BUY THIS ON LOOKS ALONE BUT AM HAPPY IT IS TOUGH. <end>  Beautiful bracelet!  This bracelet is absolutely gorgeous! Not flimsy at all; unfortunately, I should have ordered it in the next larger size. I had purchased several charms which I added prior to giving it to my granddaughter for Christmas and with the added charms it was a little snug, so I took it to a local jeweler to add a couple of links and it now fits just perfect and she loves it; wears it every day. <end>  Awesome bracelet  This thing is awesome, it's nice and heavy and has held up well over the passed 12 months. The silver is good and the little heart charm is a great starter. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants one. The only problem I see is that it's a bit short, so make sure you know your girlfriend/spouse/boyfriend etc's actual wrist size. I ended up buying 2 and getting them put together and they were on sale for $70 each instead of $140 for one so i still believe it was worth it since this is definitely Tiffany's quality. <end>  Product good, sellar not responsive  I bought this bracelet for my wife for Christmas. It arrived promptly and in good shape. It was however the wrong size. I have tried numerous times to contact the company for an exchange and have not recieved one reply. I will not purchace anything from them again. <end>  It's Beautiful!  I ordered this bracelet as a gift. This bracelet is so beautiful and it has a nice weight to it. It's worth the price. <end>  Wonderful Bracelet  I love this bracelet. It is a great quality, well-made piece of jewelry and I would recommend it to anyone... <end>  Perfect gift for a niece or daughter  I bought this for my 15 year old niece - who LOVES it. She wears it allll the time. I had it engraved with her monogram, which she thought was a tad too preppy, but I think it added a nice touch and it's not expensive to do. My sister, her mother, tries to "borrow" it all the time too. I told my niece she now knows what it was like for me growing up with her mother! Anyways - it's a nice bracelet at a very reasonable price. <end>  Heart charm toggle bracelet  I bought this as a gift for my sisterand she likes it very much. I thought it almostlookd=s "cheap" but she is satisfied. <end>
 B0002FQCYQ  Celtic Pentagram Pendant Necklace with Swarovski Crystal for Achieving Willpower and Success ||	  Lovely but poor quality  I bought this as a gift but the glue won't hold and the stones keep falling out and now some of them are lost, so I now i have to find a different style to replace this one. For what I paid, the pentacle is lovely and the quality would have been excellent if the stones were affixed some other way. <end>  Not very good quality  My first order was somehow lost in the mail so I had to have it shipped to me a second time. When I finally received the necklace/pendant I was very disappointed by the quality of the pendant. The "stones" look like they are plastic and they appear to be glued onto the pendant, which wouldn't be so bad if they were glued on straight. Overall, I would not recommend this product to anyone and I am returning it to the vendor. <end>  Mine is still intact!  It's been a few years since I bought this, and the only thing that needs to be replaced is the chain because I used to wear it more often. Otherwise, the pendant is still pretty. No missing stones or any of that thank goodness! <end>  Nice Pendant  I am very happy with my pendant. The quality is excellent. I am in the UK and it took over a week to get here. My only regret is not finding this item on ebay as I have just seen one on ebay that is brand new and costs allot less then what I payed for it on amazon. <end>  Beautiful, for a little while.  I purchased this for my boyfriend(now husband), he loved it and wore it every day. After a couple of weeks, we noticed one of the stones was missing. Then a couple weeks later another. This went on and we finally had to get rid of it. It's evidently not for every day use at all. I do have to say that it was beautiful while it lasted. <end>  cheaply made and poor quality  I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 14 YR OLD DAUGHTER AND WITHIN 2 WEEKS THE STONES FELL OUT. THEY WERE ONLY GLUED TO THE PENDANT. THE METAL STARTED TO TARNISH AT ABOUT 3 WEEKS. THIS IS VERY POORLY MADE. THE STONES ARE GLUED ON AND THE METAL TARNISHES. I WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THIS TO ANYONE. <end>
 B0002FQCZA  Anti-Tarnish Large Sterling Silver Multi Millefiori Cross Pendant ||	  beautiful pendant  This is a beautiful pendant, even more so that I thought it might be. I can not count the number of compliments I have recieved. Just one thing to keep in mind is it is a little heavy , I am sad because I bought it for everyday wear, but in military uniform it is a bit to much.Oh well I will rock it outside uniform every chance I get. <end>
 B0002H7DRE  Pugster Laser Piano Keys Hobbies & Professions Italian Charms ||	  Taurus Charm  What can I say, it is a Taurus charm, the best sign in the Zodiac! <end>
 B0002HE8VI  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HE8WW  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HEARA  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HF3SK  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF5II  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF5JW  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HFAII  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFAWE  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBSM  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBWI  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFCE0  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFCFE  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFCHC  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFCI6  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFI0S  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFIEE  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJ0M  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJ2A  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJIE  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFK3I  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HGDRA  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGDUM  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGECY  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGEDI  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGTG0  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGTOW  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGUBE  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGUBY  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGUQE  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGV0O  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HH7GQ  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH82Y  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH90A  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH90K  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HHZ3G  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHZFO  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHZI6  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHZXG  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HIJFE  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIK1M  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIKFI  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIKUS  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HILJS  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HITTU  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUC6  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUDK  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUF8  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUSA  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIV8Y  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIVB6  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIVVG  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIVYI  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HJ7EG  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ7P0  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ81S  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJA3O  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJAIE  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJAJS  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJALG  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJAZM  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJB1A  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJB2O  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJBHO  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJBJ2  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJODK  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJOYE  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJOZS  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPC0  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPT8  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPVG  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJQAG  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJQBK  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJZ5W  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HJZL6  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HJZMA  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK038  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0NS  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0XI  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK89O  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK8PI  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK96Q  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK9KW  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK9MK  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK9UC  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK9Y8  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HKEVG  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKF7Y  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKFPG  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKFUG  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKG64  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKG6Y  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002I25CQ  Antica Murrina Passione - Murano Glass Heart Pendant black-white ||	  Amazing!  This pendant is amazing! I would recommend this to anyone looking to add a classy piece to their collection, and may I add at a resonable price!!-Maria <end>
 B0002I9ZH4  Toddler or Childs Sterling Silver 6" Jingle Bell Chain Bracelet ||	  Childs sterling jingle bell bracelet  Chain is very sturdy. Disappointed in "chim bells" on it. They jangle rather than chime. Not what I was looking for. <end>  adorable  this is so cute, and stylish for toddler girls. got to get one for your little princess! <end>
 B0002I9ZHO  10" Sterling Silver Dangling Bell Linked Anklet Bracelet ||	  Ankle Bells  I love this, but it is quite delicate, you must be careful with in when wearing it, perhaps it would have been better as a bracelet instead of an anklet. The service was great and it was shipped in a timely manner. <end>  jewelry review  I enjoy the anklet. It arrived quickly and the quality and size are just what I was looking for. The price was an added bonus. <end>  Nice .. but ...  This is really cute, but what I got was not like the picture. I still liked it though ... the bells make cute "ching-ching" sounds. <end>
 B0002I9ZHY  Sterling Silver Vintage BLUE MILLEFIORI Cross Pendant ||	  Looks cheap and fake  Do not be impressed by the photo of the pendant. In reality, it looks cheap. Worth 10 dollars, not a penny more.  ( <end>
 B0002I9ZJC  Sterling Silver 7" Charm Link Chain Toggle Bracelet ||	  Great alone or with charms.  I used this bracelet to put together a charm bracelet using the lobster claw charms from SheBeads. It worked out nicely. The links are chunky enough to make a nice stand alone bracelet, but small enough to work great with charms. <end>
 B0002I9ZKQ  Large Ammonite Fossil Seashell set in Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Beautiful!  I recieved this Ammonite pendant from my husband as a gift for Christmas. It really is very beautiful. It is very well made, the silver is very good quality. I placed it on a black leather cord and I wear it as a choker. I absolutely love it, it is worth every penny. <end>
 B0002IBKPY  Sterling Silver and Crystal Multi-Cross Necklace, 18" by Paris Hilton ||	  Cheap Imported Junk  Seriously, this jewelry is just as fake and cheap as Paris herself. Anyone who would buy it is paying a 75%-80% mark-up on what these cheap materials actually cost. Just think by buying this item you not only get taken for your money but you also help support Paris's excessive lifestyle and social ineptness. <end>  Gorgeous Necklace  Everytime I wear this necklace I get tons of compliments. It goes with almost everything in my closet - perfect for casual and dressy outfits. It's quite beautiful and I have to say I'm impressed with Paris' line of jewelery and can't wait to see what else she comes up with. <end>  Perfect!  I got this for a birthday gift and I just love it! People think I'm wearing something really expensive when I have it on. If you can't afford Chanel and like me, refuse to wear the same junk from the mall everyone else has on; this is perfect. <end>  Wonderful !!!  My jewelry usually is at least 14K and with genuine stones but this is such a nice piece, I love it! Just the right combo of rock and religion.As to Ms Hilton, ever notice how the Paris-haters who scream the loudest against her are the people with the most dirt in their own lives? Losers, trying to bring a winner down to their miserable level. <end>  Very Good for the price  People are really getting confuse here, we are talking a review on the Jewelry not a review on Paris.I saw this on a friend and was very delighted to see the good quality and craftsmanship that this item has. I decided to purchase one and I am really impress by the attention it gets.Will consider purchasing other items from her line. <end>  Beautiful Piece! Thanks!  I am not usually into all this bling! But this is beautiful and well made. If you love costume jewelry it is great. This necklace makes a bold statement. Crosses are so in right now and never really go out of style. I can wear this with jeans or a more dashing outfit!! Shipped quickly. <end>  Cross necklace  We love Paris Hilton's designs. This was gift for my daughter and received it promptly and in perfect condition. <end>  Love the necklace  This is a nice necklace. I have gotten many compliments on it and it does get a lot of attention. Most people who see you notice the necklace. It is very sturdy, so it seems like it won't break easily. I am very satisfied. I will also buy other products for this line. <end>  COULDNT BE CHEAPER LOOKING  IM SO UPSET, IT LOOKS LIKE TOTAL GARBAGE! SERIOUSLY FOR THIS PRICE I EXPECTED ALOT BETTER... I COULD HAVE GONE TO CLAIRES OR AFTERTHOUGHTS AND GOT A NECKLACE NICER AND PRETTY MADE FOR 5 BUCKS! THE PICS LIE, ITS SO UGLY ON! I WOULD BE EMBARASSED TO PUT MY NAME ON THIS PRODUCT BUT SINCE IT IS PARIS HILTON, U CANT REALLY EXPECT CLASS <end>  Way cute  So cute!!! I thought it would be a little bigger when i got it, but it was still so very cute, although the links on it would come apart sometimes so that was kinda annoying but all an all i love it. But then i lost it so now i gotta buy another one. <end>
 B0002IBKQI  Sterling Silver and Crystal Star Hoop Earrings by Paris Hilton ||	  Exactly as shown...  I recieved the earrings... and they are exactly as pictured. I was very pleased with them! They seem to be of good quality and I'm sure they will be fun to wear.One thing to note... they are a little bit heavy... well, heavier than i expected. <end>  Glad I'm not the only one...  My earrings also had clasp issues. One would slip out and the other wouldn't even snap in place. When trying to fix and wear the darn things, the earrings bent every which way. Very poor quality. <end>  Poor quality  I thought these earrings looked really cute in the picture, but I was very disappointed when I received them. I thought they were of poor quality, and the stars bent out of shape when I opened and closed them. In addition, the latch on one side was very loose, and the other side was very stiff (hence the bending of the shape). Needless to say, I returned them. <end>  nice earrings....at first  I got the earings as a christmas present and wore them on a few occasions. One night i wore them to a friend's house and when i got home one of them was missing. I later found it on the ground. the metal clasp broke and now i can't wear them because it won't stay in. They bend VERY easily. I've just given up!! <end>  Very Pleased  I was very pleased when I took these out of the small velvet pouch they came in. They are very pretty and seem to be of good quality. I can't wait to give them to my daughter and her bestfriend for Christmas. <end>  Too Cute!  I got these earrings about a month ago, they are great! They're actually pretty sturdy and they're positioned on the ear where one can easily see its a star. As I said, they're just too cute! <end>  HOW TO BE A FAVORITE AUNT  There's a tradition in our family - aunts get to spoil their nieces and nephews. This aunt loves to give back-to-school surprise gifts. (After all, it's the parents who have to foot the bill for tuition!)This year I'm giving these gorgeous Crystal Star Hoop Earrings. The girls will be thrilled to wear them for dress-up occasions and delighted to have that certificate signed by Paris Hilton.Swarovsky is a name with which I'm very familiar, having bought their jewelry over the years. I've always found it to be of the highest quality. At $30.00 these earrings are a beautiful bargain! <end>  Big disappointment  (  Unfortunately I was very disappointed with this item. Dont get me wrong, the earrings are beautiful, but after waiting a month after ordering these earrings (after my order kept getting pushed back and pushed back), I got a defective earring that would'nt even close. Now I have to return it and hope I dont have to wait another month to get the replacement. More hassle than they were worth, for the quality is below what I expected  ( <end>  Poor Quality  I bought this earrings a couples of months ago, the stones are already start to fall and most of them are disappeared by now. You can get much decent products on the market for this price!!! <end>  wish they were still available  These are really well made and very nice to wear, not too much, just enough, but they are discontinued. I hesitated to buy anything made in the name of Paris Hilton, but was really surprised that these are top rate and I love them. Thank goodness I bought two pairs when they were available because I would have missed having them if I had lost one....maybe if there is enough interest, these will be brought back?.......It is hard to find star themed jewelry that is not over the top. These are just the right combination of style, reserve, design, to really be lovely. <end>  Cute Earrings  I just love the sterling silver and crystal star hoop earrings by Paris. The shape and the size are perfect. I love Paris' jewelry line, its beautiful and I love it even more now that it is coming down in price. Very affordable and adorable. LUVS IT!! <end>  Great earrings!!!  I just ordered these recently and love them! They aren't too big, and they seem to be quite sturdy. I love the blue stones and the quality of the item overall. Georgous earrings! Very much worth it! I only wish they would make a "star" bracelet of some sort now, w/ the blue stones.  ) I'm pleased and will be ordering something else very soon. <end>  unusual earrings  I think these star hoop earrings are really nice and pretty and would look good with any type of outfit, they would go well with jeans and a t-shirt or with a dress and high heel shoes. These earrings and the heart belly button ring are my favourite pieces from the paris hilton line. <end>  Paris Hilton, She Made Pink Lemonade from Sour Lemons  The collection is beautifully described and gives a wonderful background on Miss Hilton. I admire Paris and I am her mother's age plus. I see a young woman with the energy and courage to make something of herself. By the way Paris lives her life should make us proud as Americans because she has the American Spirit. Paris, by working as hard as she has creates jobs, contributes to the American economy, looks beautiful and has fun doing it. Paris took a personal situation that would have sunk a weaker individual and made 'Pink Lemonade Out of Sour Lemons'. I believe she must come from a good Republican family. Paris you stand head and shoulders above most of your contemporaries. I look forward to wearing the Star Hoop Earrings I've ordered today. <end>
 B0002IM788  Peruvian Opal Chalcedony Briolette Necklace ||	  Great set for a gift or 4 you  Bought this set for myself and ended up giving it to my best friend. Beautiful opals, colors are vibrant. <end>
 B0002IROE0  10K Yellow Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Earring Jackets ||	  10 kt Yellow Gold 1/4 ct Diamond Hoop Earrings  After looking for diamond earring jackets for a long time, I found these and was shocked at the great price. They are lovely and well worth $99.00. If you want to enhance your diamond studs, these are the perfect jackets. A great gift for that special someone too!!! <end>  Fabulous Jackets  I was a little hesitant about ordering them, but once I received these little gems I was more than overjoyed. They look great with diamond studs my husband had given me for our 20th anniversary. I had only worn them a handful of times over the past 8 years because they needed a little pizazz and these jackets are the perfect sparklers for them. They are extremely brilliant and I now wear them all the time! <end>
 B0002IROP4  14K White Gold 0.09 ct. Diamond Wedding Band ||	  exactly what I wanted  I wanted a relatively simple wedding band, but with some diamond accent. This ring was exactly what I was looking for. It looks really nice next to a solitaire engagement ring, as well. At first I was hesitant to purchase it because no one had written a review yet, but I think that's because of the specific ring size. It's perfect for me, though. Bottom line  it's a super pretty ring and I'm really pleased with it. <end>  Great ring, great service  Bought this ring as a wedding band for my fiance, and it's a great ring at a great value. The only thing that the photo doesn't really show is that the bottom of the ring is slightly thicker than the top, but it still looks very good. I had a very pleasant experience with the customer service. Highly recommend Katarina jewelry and this particular ring! <end>
 B0002J6S4G  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J6S7S  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J6SLE  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J87B8  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Men's Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful Jewelry  one of just a handful of online sources for men's rings with smoky quartz setting. Delivery was very fast and the ring was of excellent quality. Really turning heads in this area. <end>
 B0002J8CKO  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Filligree Ring ||	  Nice ring at a good price  This is a very nice-looking ring at a good price. Alexandrite is pretty expensive. <end>
 B0002J8FEW  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Diamond fell off  I used this ring as an engagement ring. It's a very beautiful ring but I did have an issue with the one I recieved. I couldn't of had it for over a month before one of the small white diamonds beside the onyx fell off. I had no problem reaching Jewels For Me though. I sent it back no charge and it was fixed and back to me in maybe 2 weeks. <end>
 B0002J8FGK  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Diamond fell off  I used this ring as an engagement ring. It's a very beautiful ring but I did have an issue with the one I recieved. I couldn't of had it for over a month before one of the small white diamonds beside the onyx fell off. I had no problem reaching Jewels For Me though. I sent it back no charge and it was fixed and back to me in maybe 2 weeks. <end>
 B0002J8YNO  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Magnificent  I love this ring! It is beautiful, pretty durable (thus far ;) ) and one of a kind. I am very happy that I chose this ring as my engagement ring. My fiance also chose a black ring with "cable wire" around the middle of the ring from Amazon ^-^ But, like all rings, if your hands are dry, it spins. I hate that! LOL! <end>
 B0002J8Z24  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Magnificent  I love this ring! It is beautiful, pretty durable (thus far ;) ) and one of a kind. I am very happy that I chose this ring as my engagement ring. My fiance also chose a black ring with "cable wire" around the middle of the ring from Amazon ^-^ But, like all rings, if your hands are dry, it spins. I hate that! LOL! <end>
 B0002J8Z9C  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Magnificent  I love this ring! It is beautiful, pretty durable (thus far ;) ) and one of a kind. I am very happy that I chose this ring as my engagement ring. My fiance also chose a black ring with "cable wire" around the middle of the ring from Amazon ^-^ But, like all rings, if your hands are dry, it spins. I hate that! LOL! <end>
 B0002J9IJ8  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  ONYZ  THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE, HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE!!! <end>
 B0002J9IPM  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  ONYZ  THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE, HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE!!! <end>
 B0002J9ISO  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  ONYZ  THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE, HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE!!! <end>
 B0002JJIDE  14K White Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  very impressive ring  very impressive ring. The packaging came with a bear which was unexpected abd very welcomed. <end>
 B0002JJIHU  14K White Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  very impressive ring  very impressive ring. The packaging came with a bear which was unexpected abd very welcomed. <end>  very impressive ring  very impressive ring. The packaging came with a bear which was unexpected abd very welcomed. <end>
 B0002JJII4  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  My granddaughter loves this ring. I would purchase from this supplier again. <end>
 B0002JJIIO  14K White Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  very impressive ring  very impressive ring. The packaging came with a bear which was unexpected abd very welcomed. <end>
 B0002JJIIY  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  My granddaughter loves this ring. I would purchase from this supplier again. <end>
 B0002JLPHG  Soapstone choker, 'Hello Halo' ||	  Simply elegant  Earthy color and symmetrical design are just the ticket. I could wear it every day. <end>
 B0002JPL6C  14K white gold 0.5ct tw princess cut cubic zirconia basket earring ||	  perfect  These earrings are lovely, just as I expected. And the packaging was quite nice. Delivery was fast and the price was right. No complaints! <end>
 B0002K8TKG  10.72 TCW Oval-Cut Mystic Fire-Colored Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  FIVE STARS PLUS THOUSANDS  This ring is gorgeous. It looks tremendously expensive. The colors sizzle and I believe it could be worn with any color to perfection.There are blues, purples, greens, rose, and fiery black shades at some angles it appears to be sapphire, at another it appears onyx, at another emerald, etc. I love rings on each finger and now I cannot do that when I wear this ring, because everything else next to this looks meaningless. I have rings much more costly and they are just lost beside this ring.This ring is large and beautiful. I cannot say enough good things about it...BRAVO! I would wear it with my best formal wear or my daily jeans and not be worried it can carry any look with success. <end>  THE RING THAT WILL MAKE YOU GASP!  When I first opened the box to see the ring, I actually did gasp! I was in awe of this ring's dazzling beauty. I love cool jeweltones, so the purples, blues, pinks and greens that twinkle from this ring while being surrounded by cubic zirconias are just gorgeous. I have a lot of nice rings, some real and expensive, yet this is the ring that I've gotten the most compliments on. <end>  Nice ring...  This ring is beautiful and especial but is bigger than I thought ...so it looks heavy in my hand...I would have appreciated more a size more delicate....like it anyway..... <end>  5 Stars are NOT enough!!!  While I don't own this ring (but I soon will), I've seen it in person and it is indeed a lovely ring. The picture does not do it any justice. And as a previousl reviewer indicated - you can't tell if it's a sapphire, etc. When it hits the light there are so many different colors to this ring...simply gorgeous! And it can definitely hold it's own against more costly rings! <end>
 B0002KBQ4C  Beaded ORNATE Sterling Silver Violet AMETHYST Earrings ||	  Nothing special  These earrings look bigger than they are. If you are looking for a cute little pair of earrings, go for it. If you are looking for a little larger ones, you may want to pass. <end>
 B0002KR6YQ  6 mm Plain Domed Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  perfect ring  a nice ring, it came in a beautifull box, perfect shine, perfect size, comfortable at all time, it match perfect whit the women's wedding band they advertise...but again came after the date promised... not late but almost... <end>
 B0002KREKM  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>
 B0002KRELG  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>
 B0002KRFA6  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002KRNB2  6 mm Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>
 B0002KRPBA  4 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>
 B0002KRPDI  4 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>
 B0002KRPK6  6 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Good looking, doesn't stand up well over time  My husband really loved this ring. It's very simple but not your typical shiny, plain band. The problem is that the finish gets scratched really easily - it already had scratches by the end of our wedding weekend! You have to look closely to see them so only we know about them but it is disappointing. But we decided for what we spent it was worth it. Eventually we'll be able to spend more on something of higher quality. For now it looks good from the distance from which most people see it. <end>
 B0002KRPL0  6 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Good looking, doesn't stand up well over time  My husband really loved this ring. It's very simple but not your typical shiny, plain band. The problem is that the finish gets scratched really easily - it already had scratches by the end of our wedding weekend! You have to look closely to see them so only we know about them but it is disappointing. But we decided for what we spent it was worth it. Eventually we'll be able to spend more on something of higher quality. For now it looks good from the distance from which most people see it. <end>
 B0002KRQCS  7 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  ring  I am stationed in Germany and am surprised as to how quick this ring was shipped to me. It arrived in less than 2 wks. I was scared at frist that it would take about a month but surprisingly it didn't. The ring is even better than the picture. I am glad that I ordered this ring. <end>
 B0002KRVHI  3 mm Two Toned Yellow Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Gorgeous  The ring fits my hubby beautifully! It's a very subtle band but still very gorgeous and doesn't look "cheap." I love it, he loves it, and everyone is happy! <end>  Gorgeous  The ring fits my hubby beautifully! It's a very subtle band but still very gorgeous and doesn't look "cheap." I love it, he loves it, and everyone is happy! <end>
 B0002KRVIC  3 mm Two Toned Yellow Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Gorgeous  The ring fits my hubby beautifully! It's a very subtle band but still very gorgeous and doesn't look "cheap." I love it, he loves it, and everyone is happy! <end>
 B0002KRWSG  3 mm Plain Domed Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  excelent ring  i liked so much this ring, it was what i was hoping for...the only problem was timing, because they had some troubles to send me the ring and came almost a little late.excelent and beautifull product... <end>
 B0002KRWTU  3 mm Plain Domed Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  excelent ring  i liked so much this ring, it was what i was hoping for...the only problem was timing, because they had some troubles to send me the ring and came almost a little late.excelent and beautifull product... <end>  excelent ring  i liked so much this ring, it was what i was hoping for...the only problem was timing, because they had some troubles to send me the ring and came almost a little late.excelent and beautifull product... <end>
 B0002KS1L8  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in Platinum ||	  Fantastic!  It was exactly as promised! The only issue is the shipping delay - once you place the order there's a little bit of a delay before Szul notifies you of the shipping, etc. Kind of nerve-wracking for an expensive purchase. <end>  Fantastic!  It was exactly as promised! The only issue is the shipping delay - once you place the order there's a little bit of a delay before Szul notifies you of the shipping, etc. Kind of nerve-wracking for an expensive purchase. <end>  Fantastic!  It was exactly as promised! The only issue is the shipping delay - once you place the order there's a little bit of a delay before Szul notifies you of the shipping, etc. Kind of nerve-wracking for an expensive purchase. <end>
 B0002KS1M2  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in Platinum ||	  Fantastic!  It was exactly as promised! The only issue is the shipping delay - once you place the order there's a little bit of a delay before Szul notifies you of the shipping, etc. Kind of nerve-wracking for an expensive purchase. <end>  Fantastic!  It was exactly as promised! The only issue is the shipping delay - once you place the order there's a little bit of a delay before Szul notifies you of the shipping, etc. Kind of nerve-wracking for an expensive purchase. <end>  Fantastic!  It was exactly as promised! The only issue is the shipping delay - once you place the order there's a little bit of a delay before Szul notifies you of the shipping, etc. Kind of nerve-wracking for an expensive purchase. <end>
 B0002KS8VG  3 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>
 B0002KS8VQ  3 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>
 B0002KXQUE  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002M6AF0  14K gold Round 3.75mm / 3.4ct tw eternity band ||	  I love this ring!  Here's my story  I came into some money, so I wanted to give myself a gift. I wanted a diamond eternity band. So, I did the due diligence not only on diamonds, but on diamond simulants as well. Long story short  diamonds are for the birds (cuckoos, or those nuts enough to spend good $$ on a trumped-up rock). My search lead me to TomL, and am I ever glad I chose this ring. It's just what the doctor ordered, and all my rich Republican friends will NEVER be able tell it's cubic zircoinia! Plus, I get to sink that extra dough I didn't spend into an index fund!!! =) It looks fabulous, its sparkly fire is truly spectacular, and it has the look of something ten, maybe 20 times it's price. Plus, TomL is very cool to work with, and very knowledgeable and professional. Thank you, TomL! I'll be back for more!!! <end>
 B0002MKGHS  Amazon.com  Pave Cat Ring by Baby Phat (Silver Tone / 6)  Clothing ||	  question  hey i was wondering if you would have this ring but in a gold tone? <end>
 B0002NHQNY  Cubic Zirconia CZs by the Yard Station Necklace - Choice 16-inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Nice product, good price  The necklace was very nice, better than it looked in the picture. It appears to be well made and has held up so far under extensive use! One complaint is that the box it came in was very disappointing and not suitable as a gift box. <end>
 B0002NY4HA  Akuamarina Aventurine Quartz & Murano Glass Drop Necklace Variation 5 ||	  Do not purchase!  I ordered this item and when received the item was damaged. Also, the color does not match the pictures. The seller is being very difficult in managing the return. I definitely recommend to avoid this product and this seller. <end>
 B0002OG256  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2CY  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2NI  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OGU26  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGU2Q  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGUA8  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGUDK  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OHA5M  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHE12  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHE2Q  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHE4Y  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHE5S  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHPK2  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHPL6  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002PDU64  Garnet dangle earrings, 'Heart of Peace' ||	  Garnet Earrings  I ordered the earrings for myself and I am pleased with my purchase. They look great and the workmanship was fantastic. I have worn them several times and always get compliments. I have never had a purchase from the NOVICA craftsman that has been flawed. <end>
 B0002PED24  Garnet and moonstone earrings, 'Mystic Blaze' 1" W 1" L ||	  lovely garnet & moonstone earrings  these are very lovely earrings and the size is perfect. they coordinate nicely with a garnet and moonstone necklace that i have. they will also be lovely on their own. <end>
 B0002PEL5I  Natural orchid silver earrings, 'Dainty Dancers' 1" W 2" L ||	  Highly disappointed  I am really disappointed with the earrings. The designer is not attentive to detail. A littleglue and small amount of silver and that's it. Also, they're too light weight and hardly make a statement.Much too expensive for the poor quality.Too bad, I was honestly looking forward to a beautiful pair of silver/orchid earrings.In all of my years as an Amazon customer, this is the first time I remain highly disappointedwith Amazon shopping. <end>
 B0002PR3M6  Signature Tarnish Free 2mm Click Hoop Earrings ||	  disappointed  I received these earrings in the mail today and am having to return them already. They are nice earrings but I opened the box and one of the posts was broken off. To say the least I was very disappointed I love this style of earring and wear them all the time so I thought I would get sterling silver to wear and not worry about them turning green or hurting my ear, like the cheap ones you buy at other stores, but at least they don't fall apart before you even get to wear them <end>  Not As Big As I Thought  Fast shipping, perfect condition, I just should have measured the size that I wanted first! <end>
 B0002PZ4OK  American Flag Heart Charm -K288 ||	  Beautiful Heart Charm  Gave as a gift. She loved it. She could not thank us enough. Felt great to make someone's day. <end>
 B0002PZ5HQ  Nefertiti Charm -XAC83 ||	  Small!  They don't lie about the size, but seeing is believing. This charm is SMALL. Don't think it compares to Flavor Flav's clock! I bought it for my sister and I'mma really have to impress how valuable it is because the size may lead viewers to think something different. Having said that, if you know Black women who love them some Nefertiti, then this would be a great gift for them. If you or they feel that "less is more," then you will be pleased. I actually may keep buying copies and giving it as presents to dah sistahs. <end>
 B0002Q2BSQ  Sterling Silver Garnet Urn or Perfume Scent Jar Bottle Locket Pendant ||	  Interesting  I bought this sweet little pendant from Silver Insanity. It's very pretty and though it's small people do notice it and ask me where I got it. As for putting perfume inside, since it isn't leak proof, I recommend saturating a very small piece of cotton (the hole isn't that big) with your favorite scent, rolling it into a little ball and popping it inside the bottle. <end>  Pretty!  I think this Jar is so pretty & different from what other people are wearing-don't we all want to be different? I just wish the opening was a little bit larger so that it could be used for other stuff-like a pill bottle? I'm gonna see if my jeweler can make the opening a little bigger. This bottle is made really well, very sturdy & of high quality! I just know it will last for years to come! <end>  Great little urn!  I was browsing through the site when I came upon this item  something unusual and interesting. Well, when I received it, I was surprised at how well it was made and how intricate it is! I was so delighted with it that I bought 2 more! I will someday put my husband's ashes in it and permanently seal it so I can wear it with me everywhere. For now, I'm wearing it and have received many compliments about it!! <end>  Unique and beautiful  I really love this necklace and its a huge hit with my little neices who all love to open and close the top and see if I put anything inside. I get a lot of comments about how pretty this pendant is and how unique. One of my favorites. <end>
 B0002Q91S4  Spider Monkey Charm -C1166 ||	  When I get a gold monkey  I suggested this as a gift for my wife from the girls, who are always asking for this and that. My wife's favorite response for years has been "Yeah, when I get a gold monkey". There are several monkey charms available, but none that match the detail and "heft" of this one. My wife was pretty much speechless when she opened it and realized that she would have to come up with some other excuse. You will want a heavier chain for this. <end>
 B0002QXNB0  Earspiral Earrings 301SSS Sterling Silver ||	  Very unique.  I love earrings that are different and artsy. These definitely stand out. At first when I saw them I thought they seemed a bit thin and they aren't made of heavy metal. Some may find that to be cheap looking. However they are light in the ears and they do not weigh down the earlobe which I sort of like since I am not usually a fan of big dangle earrings. They weren't too hard to get in the ear but they are a little bit harder to get out but not too hard. I happy with this purchase and they sent me a catalog with many other choices that look amazing so I plan on ordering more as a treat to my self somewhere down the road. <end>  Spouse love them!  They are definitely a different style; but a good change from normal earrings. She wears them all the time. <end>  Insane Earrings  They look great, but who wants to spin each earring through your earlobe every time you put them on? Wait a pain! Sent them back. <end>  very dainty looking and unique  Love these earrings! A gift from one of My stable boys that I wear often. They take a minute to get on and off but they are truly unique and I gets compliments on them whenever I wear them. 4 stars instead of 5 bc getting them off aggravates Me.  ) <end>  cheap!!  these earrings were much smaller than i thought they would be and were super thin and cheap feeling. deffinately not worth what i paid for them. will be going back asap! <end>  Beautiful!  I absolutely love these earrings. I have gotten so many compliments on them. They are light weight and pretty easy to put in and take out. If the price would come down, I would buy these for all of my friends. <end>  Very Pretty and Very Light  As mentioned these are fairly small. I thought I would like to try them because they are different. I don't see many earrings you thread through your ear. As mentioned they are extremely light-weight and would be good for those wanting some length but no weight. They are very delicate, and bit too much so for me. I like bolder earrings because I'm very tall. I also have long hair and this could create a problem. I like them and will keep them. Good for hair pulled back or short. Very well packed. <end>  unique one of a kind jewelry  I love these. When they are sent they come in a container to ensure they don't get damaged. They give you a catalog that has other designs and styles available. I highly recommend this to anyone that enjoys unique jewelry. <end>  Great gift  Bought these as a birthday gift for my sister. I wanted something unique, that she wouldn't be able to find locally. Smashing sucess. They came with instructions on how to put them in. She got tons of compliments on them. <end>  Excited  Love these earings, mainly because they are very different, light weight, affordable!!I`m going to look at the website for more products!! I`m sure I will find something interesting!!THANK , LORI <end>  Beautiful & Unique! They are like art for the ears!  I received these earrings as a surprise Christmas gift and I couldn't be happier with them! Not only are they beautiful (I get so many compliments on them --even from guys!) they are very unique, which I love. I'm surprised at some of the reviews that say they don't like how thin and light they are --that's one of my favorite features. I have bought several pairs of earrings only to lose one almost right away because the clamps don't stay closed. Getting these on and off takes a little getting used to, but they won't fall out of your ear unnoticed! The trick is to look in the mirror and "twist" them in a continuous spiral motion starting at the tip of the curl. Once you get the hang of it it's super quick. I will definitely check out more of their jewelry to add to my Wish List! <end>  Just what I wanted!  I was looking for something simple, but a little different. The earspiral is perfect! I liked it so much I bought a somewhat different one in gold. Good quality. <end>  not what expected at all  They r very thin, look cheap! Don't waste your money! They looked very nice in the photos, however, when i recieved them, that was a big disappointment <end>
 B0002RQN7K  Masini Vanita' - Blue Murano Glass Stone Ring USA 8 | UK P | IT 16 ||	  Awesome quality and design  I am very satisfied with the ring, it looks exactly as on picture and even better. It was beautifully gift wrapped in a box.I would definitely recommend any products by Masini to anyone.Thank you very much. <end>
 B0002SCW7O  SINGLE Pink ROSE Belly Button Ring ||	  Cute, but a leaves red marks.  I purchased a silver rose ring by the same seller. I bought a month ago, but only put it in a couple of days ago. Since I've been wearing it, the rose petals on the ring, dig into the lower part of my belly button, leaving red marks. Don't get me wrong, I love the ring, but I have to sit up all the time to avoid the redness. I love this ring. <end>  Last 2 years  I wanted to replace my wifes belly button ring and this did the trick for a couple years before the rose started chipping. <end>  Beautiful, but scratches  This ring was so cute, I just had to get it! I wish I hadn't now, because it started to get caught on my clothes and scratched my skin. <end>  Neat!  i recieved item on time- and i'm already recieving compliments, I have ordered belly rings before but they were plastic- i find that steel is better. I am very pleased <end>
 B0002SCW7Y  Single Red Rose Belly Button Ring ||	  Well it's pretty..  Yes, it is a very pretty belly ring. I just love the colour and the style, though I agree the bar is too long, but I am unsure of how the previous buyer's changed it. After wearing it for a few hours around the home when it first arrived, I noticed the middle part of the rose had fallen out. I was devastated. Luckily, I found it and was able to glue it bad in place. Other than that, it lokos extremely good, especially for summer!Just like to add despite the fact that I glued it back in place, the centre part of the rose continues to fall off. <end>  poor quality  The rose bud fell off just two weeks after buying this ring. I would not recommend this belly button ring! <end>  Cute but low quality  Like the title says, this is cute (the girl friend loved it) but after a couple months the red paint started coming off. <end>  Beautiful, but Color Fades Quickly  This is gorgeous! It looks Great, although I wish I could shorten the bar some. The color unfortunately fades within a few days of use. I would give it a lower star rating, but for the price this is a fun piece of jewlery and well worth the money. <end>  Very nice!  Like the previous reviewer said, the bar is too long. I had to change mine too but it does not screw back as nicely so it's always a little loose when I wear it. It's fine though, doesn't fall off, and the color is so rich and sexy, I just love it, and I think guys do too  -) Very nice! <end>  Wonderful!  I bought 5 of these in different colors for my Wife, aside from the bar being just a little too long for her (she had a shorter one to use) she absolutely loves them and switches them out to coordinate better with her mood and outfit. If there were more colors available, especially black, I would buy them all! <end>
 B0002SPAM8  Sterling Silver 30" Inch Waist BELLY CHAIN Box Necklace ||	  another super buy from Silver Insanity  I have bought four things from the Silver Insanity line, have been very pleased with them all. They really give you quality merchandise as half the price you would expect pay. This is a great chain. Every delicate, yet strong. It has a "flat" side so the light reflects of the chain well. I have paid two and three times for silver chains this length.Silver Insanity is just a super line. <end>  I just love it!  A belly chain (or waistlet) comes into its own when your clothing drops to a minimum. When wearing a bikini, a belly chain draws the eye to your middle and accentuates the flaring of your hips. Don't wear a bikini without one. But, when in the bedroom, jewelry becomes a must, with a belly chain being the very center of your ensemble, so get make sure you get an eye-catching one like this one!I highly recommend this belly chain. Its shiny silver and attractive understatement makes it a great addition to any ensemble. I just love it!(Review of Sterling Silver 30" Inch Waist BELLY CHAIN Box Necklace) <end>
 B0002SPH6W  Pink Fantasy Hypnotic Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Nice Color Combo  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted (which is pretty hard to find now a days) it's a very cool looking design. <end>  Sexy and fun  This stud is smooth on the tongue with a cute color that is almost unnoticable. Add a little sass to your taste bubs with this little delight. Arrived from Body Candy, quick and easy. <end>
 B0002SPHEE  Psychedelich Sky Blue Star Acrylic Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  EXCELLENT  Thank you very much I am always pleased with the products I receive. My daughter loves them. <end>
 B0002SSX6I  Italian Horn Luck Charm - XCH118 ||	  Disappointed!  I just recieved the Italian horn.....in the listing it stated it was .75 (3/4) inch long. I foolished assumed the horn itself was that long but that wasn't the case. The horn is .5 (1/2) inch and the ring adds the other quarter inch. Oh well....live and learn. <end>
 B0002T2HLY  Spiral Twister - Midnight Beach Ball Belly Button Ring ||	  Love this  This is a great belly button ring. I loge the beach ball style and it is great quality. Was affordable compared to the prices in stores. <end>
 B0002T2HN2  Spiral Twister - Orange Radiance Belly Button Ring ||	  DO NOT buy twisty belly button rings  I bought this thinking it was going to be SO cute. First off, it just looks really weird when you put it in. Second, the balls are like a see-through orange and do not look like the picture at all. Not a good buy all around. <end>
 B0002TA1VM  Small Red Crystal Dragonfly Sterling Silver Charm Pendant ||	  Stones not affixed well  This piece was petite and pretty, but the garnets fell out after about 3 weeks. I contacted the company and was told I wouldn't be able to get a refund. <end>  like it but was disappointed on the no chain  I received this and just like the other reviewer I too missed the chain not included deal and was disappointed. also it is very tiny. Other than those 2 factors I like it! But buyer beware that if you are gonna buy this than know that chain does not come with it. <end>  cool cool  I liked it, but I didn't read the one line "No chain is included with the pendant" on the order page.oops.but it's a cool ..charm thing. <end>
 B0002TA1WQ  Simple Elegant Blue Lapis Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Very nice.  I was very happy with this ring. I wanted something simple but elagant and that is what I received. <end>
 B0002TA1X0  Sterling Silver Engraveable HEART Tag Charm Pendant ||	  Sterling Silver Engraveable HeartTag Charm Pendent  Wasn't pleased with this item because jewelry stores don't want to engrave unless te product is bought from them. Everywhere I tired it was the samething, sorry you did not purchase from us. But the Heart was nice, just not what I had wanted. <end>
 B0002TA1XK  Sterling Silver Genuine Diamond Cross Pendant Necklace ||	  A nice gift to offer your better half  I bought this for Christmass and it really looks very nice, it could be used with a long or short chain for different ocasions and my wife really likes it. The price is very good for something with a gem too. <end>
 B0002TA3I8  Sterling Silver Ruby and Diamond Cross Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful*****  This is a beautiful necklace! I bought this item for my Great Aunts 92nd Birthday. I thought it was a little small but, she said it was perfect! Not too small & not too big. She is a small woman & it fit good. I know you are probably thinking that she said it was perfect because she didn't want to hurt my feelings but, that's not so! My Mother also said, that if it was any bigger it wouldn't look as good. If you want to get that special someone on your Christmas list or (any other list) something that they will really like, I would get them this necklace. The colors are vibrant & clear and very pretty. <end>
 B0002TGAEY  3/4 Carat Sapphire Cross Pendant in 14k Yellow Gold with 16in. chain ||	  prettier than the on-line picture  I was surprised at how dramatic yet clean-lined the design was. The saphires were darker colored an more intense than I anticipated. A very good value to my mind, although I don't buy jewlery much so I'm not a good judge of price. <end>
 B0002TPPJA  Single Navy Rose Belly Button Ring ||	  Beautiful rose for a beautiful girl  Was an excellent gift for my girlfriend. She loved it right away.She did however comment shortly after putting it in, that ithad a 'scratchy' feeling in the belly button when moving certainpositions. She says it does take some getting use to, if onlyuse to 'the ball' rings. Nothing major at all though.Says it should have had a different ball at the top. The rose itselfis very ellegant, but while having a standard ball on top asif it were any other belly button ring.Great gift overall! <end>  Single Navy Rose  I absolutely love this ring. Looks just like the picture. It's so pretty. It's a must have! <end>
 B0002TR41C  Neoma Black Akoya Cultured Pearl Pendant ||	  Received the Wrong Pendant!!  I placed my order on May 1st, for delivery before Mother's Day (May 14th). I received a package on May 3rd - it was a beautiful package, with the jewelry box wrapped in tissue and placed in a larger box - but it was the wrong pendant! I called American Pearl and they said to send back the necklace and upon receipt they would immediately ship out the correct piece. I sent it back and according to FedEx tracking, it was delivered to their offices on Friday, May 5th. I called on Tuesday, May 9th because I hadn't yet received the necklace - only to be told that they would be shipping it out on Wednesday, May 10th - for delivery on Friday, May 12th! I sincerely hope that it arrives in time, or else they will be hearing from me again! <end>
 B0002TVU80  Halo Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Ring ||	  Halo Japanese Akoya Pearl Ring For small tiny hands ONLY  I saw this ring and fell in love with it. I after some thought I decided to have my husband purchase the ring for me for Valentines Day. When I was looking over the ring online before the purchase i noticed that it didn't have a ring size selection, I decided to call the company and ask about the ring size before i bought the ring. I visited with the customer service, rep. I asked about sizing and if I could get it in a larger size. He told me to send an e-mail after purchasing the ring to request the correct size, - that they would size the ring for me- I requested it in a 8 1/2 . DId not hear back from them or get a confirmation e-mail. I was so excited to get the ring. I naturally assumed that they would process the order as requested.The ring arrived in a timely manner by Fed ex. It was packaged professionally but i did not pay $200 for packaging. I paid $200 for a ring that should look like the picture. It does not. The pearl is beautiful. The ring however is so small, that it hardly fits on my pinkie. The metal is thin and skimpy, and the halo around the pearl should look round, but it was flat on top like it had been pressed down on top. I cant express the thinness of the gold metal. I have contacted customer service again via e-mail, since american pearl does not express any return policy, and I will call them as well to request a refund, or a resizing. What i am concerned about it that they will size the ring and not add any extra gold to it, and the band will appear even thinner. I am not sure if that is what I want to happen. This ring should be advertised FOR A CHILD ONLY. But I don't think I would spend $200 on a ring for any child.BEWARE. I will update this post when I hear from the company.2-17-10UPDATEI called the company, and the rep seemed slightly confused with why I was wanting to return the ring. He did not seem like he really listened to me. I explained the problem, and he advised me to ship it back to the company in NYC and they would not charge me for resizing, and also make sure the package was a COD. We insured the package, and it cost us $16 to ship it back. We will see when its returned to us, for a later update.2-26-11UPDATERing was sent back. I received it today, and it fit beautifully. Same ring same packaging, it was just thrown back in with the original stuff. But thats okay. I just think that maybe they should have packaged it better to return. It was almost like they were put upon because i wanted the correct size. Never the less, it did arrive and i was not charged for the sizing, and overall I am happy with the ring. I will change my rating stars to 3 because the ring fits. It is still flat on top, as the metal should be more rounded but overall, a gorgeous ring! <end>
 B0002TVYWC  Right hand ring ||	  Happy Customer  I've had this ring for well over a year now and I still get compliments at least once a week. It is a beatiful ring that you will not see anyone else with. <end>
 B0002U4XTW  3 Diamond Anniversary Band 1/4 ct. in 14K Yellow Gold (Good, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  I love it  I got it for an anniversary gift I think it is beautiful. Whoever knew my husband had such good taste. <end>  Cute anniversary ring  This ring has good size, the stones are smaller than I imagined seeing the photo, but it is a good choice. Encanata me my ring, I love it. <end>  love it  this ring looks awsome. out of all the rings in here, this is my favorite. <end>  Beautiful ring, and I got it free!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous, and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site  awesomestufffree.com/jewelry <end>
 B0002U52F6  Silver Anklet with Small Beads ||	  Classy ankle bracelet  Ankle braclet arrived in a lovely jewelry box in less than a week after ordering. Very nice quality and I have not taken it off since receiving it. Has kept its nice silver shine too. <end>
 B0002UEHXO  8.5x9mm Collection Quality Japanese Akoya cultured pearl necklace 18" ||	  Nice pearls  Being new to pearl purchases - i did a fair bit of research before taking the plunge. Lets face it - to the uneducated, it's not easy to distinguish a nice set of pearls from not so nice. After seeing these - I now can more easily recognize what a nice set of pearls are, as the difference is noticeable. The day I gave this as a gift to my girlfriend - I broke the clasp trying to put it on her (not because the clasp was bad - just my being clumsy). Called American Pearl, and they offered to repair at no cost - I was very pleased at the response. Ended up taking it to a local jeweler friend instead - and he validated that the pearls were very high quality. Its taking a big risk to spend a lot of money on pearls from an online jeweler that one isn't familiar with. This is my very first review online ever, and I would recommend American Pearl based on my good experience <end>
 B0002UJJ00  Designer 60ct Sterling Silver Smoky Quartz Pendant ||	  very nice very large  the pendant is very pretty and much larger than I expected. I feel it is a good value. thanks <end>
 B0002UKJHW  Sterling Silver Wiccan Celtic Triskele Swirl Pendant ||	  Beautiful, original, perfect  This ancient symbol is quite difficult to find in a local store. But I wanted a triskell so badly, that I started looking in the internet. After much comparing, I chose this one  nice price, and the craft looked good. I must say that I'm not disappointed at all. It's size is quite good, it looks very nice, and the making looks great to me. My friends loved it at once, and I have even bought a couple more as gifts. Even the people who know nothing about the magical and symbolic meanings of the triskell notice it at once, and love it. I certainly recommend this particular triskell, as well as Silver Insanity, the seller. They're very responsible, and always include a small cloth bag in the package for the jewelry. I've also bought from them other charms, such as a couple of trees of life, and a phoenix, and they're all great and beautiful. <end>  Beautiful  I received this piece just a couple of days, and I love it! I don't want to take it off. It's so beautiful, and very eye catching. The picture here on amazon doesn't quite do it justice.I have found though that the metal is fairly flexible, one night sleeping with it on, the chain got tangled and bent one of the spirals. So, I no longer sleep with this piece.The back is also already scratched up just a little bit.So, though amazingly beautiful, it does appear that the piece is a bit delicate, and care should be taken.It came in a little bag, which I assume storing it in helps to keep it from tarnishing.Also, the center triangle,and the center space of each spiraled, seems almost to be "colored" black. Like someone colored it in with a black pen.Despite it's fragility, I would buy it again, and think it's one of the most beautiful Triskele's I've seen. <end>  Just perfect  I love this pendant. I've been wearing it every day for a while now, and I always get compliments on it. <end>
 B0002UKJLI  Handcrafted Large 2" Mother of Pearl and Rainbow Moonstone Sterling Silver Slide Pendant ||	  unusual handcrafted excellence  All products that I have ever ordered from this company have been of the highest quality and exactly as represented in photos. Their handcrafted silver items are unusual and unique. I am a repeat customer, and I will definitely order from them again. <end>
 B0002UOZTK  Yearbook Lapel Pins (10-Pack) ||	  great look  The pins look good and "classy". I would have preferred actual pin clasps, as I think they are more reliable. Otherwise, I couldn't be more pleased. <end>
 B0002UPI32  Playboy Bunny Light Blue LOGO Silhouette Belly Ring ||	  Cute but...  Its not surgical steel, its like. chrome or something. It totally rusted!!! But it looks cute none the less. <end>
 B0002URTSE  Size 5 14K white gold Caesar Black Tahitian south sea cultured pearl ring ||	  Caesar Black Tahitian Pearl  Although the pearl was of high quality, I found the size a lot smaller than I thought. It almost was imbedded in the setting... unlike the photo where the pearl rose way above the setting... <end>
 B0002UU594  18K white gold Pocahontas Black Tahitian cultured pearl and diamond earring ||	  Elegant!  Got 'em for Christmas. I was surprised that the bale did not "dangle", and the diamonds are of inconsistent size, (not visually balanced between the earrings), which I expected for the price. Very high quality regardless. Wish they had the option of yellow gold. <end>
 B0002UVHPA  9 x 9.5mm natural color dove silver baroque Tahitian south sea cultured pearl necklace 17" ||	  Which is it, A or B?  I haven't purchased this and used three stars to avoid slanting the average. The seller's description is very confusing. In one sentence, they say the pearls have a B rating, in the next they say they have an A rating. This makes a big difference and should be clarified. <end>
 B0002UW1NC  Designer Sterling Silver African Amethyst Ring ||	  The Coolest Ring I'll Ever Own!  This ring is unique, beautiful and LARGE! I have very large hands, and it's even big for me! When I had it sized at my jewelers, even they said WOW. The quality of the amethyst is fantastic, and the design holding the stone is so unusual.The sellers were extremely helpful and went out of their way to make sure I was satisfied. I'll buy from them again! <end>
 B0002V35IG  Boma Oval Lapis Earrings ||	  Charming little earrings  Although a child could wear these earrings, I consider them "adult" earrings. They are about the size of the stud earrings used when one's ears are pierced. I consider them to be quite pretty & wear them a lot, especially when I don't want an earring dangling for some reason. If you're expecting a big earring, you'll be disappointed, as the first reviewer was, but otherwise, I think you'll enjoy these. Just bear in mind that they *are* small, and if that's what you want, you'll be happy. They are the size advertised, which, I grant you, is nowhere near as big as the photograph of them. <end>  earrings  earrings were meant for little kids, the size way toosmall, and over priced. <end>  Wonderful little earings  My mother-in-law was looking for small blue lapis earrings to match a ring and necklace she owns. I purchased this a gift and she loved the size. She doesn't like large earings that are too heavy on the ears. The lapis is a wonderful blue. <end>
 B0002V38EC  Jewish Star of David Charm - M1594 ||	  Jewish Star of David Charm (Accent on Gold Jewelry)  I was very satisfied with the charm I purchased from this company. I losta Star of David charm that I had for almost twenty years, the other day, and was a bit sad, because it held a special memory of my mother, who passed away almost three years ago. I did not want to pay alot of money for another. I looked at a few jewelry stores, and was not successful until I found this company who carried a similar charm. The only difference was that the charm I lost had a bell. I was so satisfied, I even called the company to thank them. There are not too many stores who take pride in, let alone value their work. The product is excellent for the price. Thank you so much. The shipping and handling of the product was satisfactory as well. If you have problems with a product, just call this company, or any other first to try to work it out before you make a decision. Usually, there is always a logical explanation for most situations  unless of course the company is apathetic to you, then you know to discontinue business with them. Grace and Peace. <end>  Star of David charm  I was very pleased with the quick response I received from this company. I received the merchandise in a timely manner & they kept me informed for each step of the shipping process. The merchandise itself was of good quality and I was very pleased with how nice it was. This was a gift for a friend and I was happy to present it. <end>
 B0002V3R02  Trillion Cut Sapphire and Diamond Ring 14K White Gold ||	  Exactly as pictured  My fiancee wanted a sapphire ring rather than a diamond and specifically wanted a trillion cut, dark sapphire. This ring was exactly what she wanted and matched the picture perfectly. She was thrilled with it. The only caveat I can see is that it can take a few days before items are shipped, even when expedited shipping is selected. <end>
 B0002V3R2A  Trillion Cut Sapphire and Diamond Ring 14K White Gold ||	  Exactly as pictured  My fiancee wanted a sapphire ring rather than a diamond and specifically wanted a trillion cut, dark sapphire. This ring was exactly what she wanted and matched the picture perfectly. She was thrilled with it. The only caveat I can see is that it can take a few days before items are shipped, even when expedited shipping is selected. <end>
 B0002V45HQ  14K white gold Eide Black Tahitian cultured Baroque pearl earring ||	  Misleading description and image  I was really disappointed with my pair of Eide Black Tahitian cultured pearl earrings. Instead of the beautiful pair of greenish black pear shaped unblemished pearls shown above, I got a pair of greenish/pinkish totally irregular black "apple" shaped blemished pearls.I felt misled by the description and image of the product.For comparison, I will be sharing an image of the pair I got.I do not recommend this product. <end>
 B0002V469I  14K white gold Fresh Bella Freshwater cultured pearl earrings ||	  Decent gift  I got these for my wife for her birthday last year. They're fairly good quality, but I was disappointed when I viewed them for the first time in-person. The diamonds on the spiral portion are so small they seem nonexistent. The setting creates the illusion that they're much larger. Far away they look fine, but when you really get right up to them the look somewhat cheap. For the record, I knew the product description said 0.03 carat total weight, so I shouldn't have expected to be blown away. I think they'd actually look better if the manufacturer had gone with a smooth spiral rather than tiny tiny diamond settings on it.I'm giving them 3 stars because the current price is much higher than what I paid for them. In 2010, they were $130, but have gone up in price by approximately $100 now. If they were still $130, I'd give them 4 stars. <end>
 B0002V509I  Oval Garnet Open Ring (size  7) ||	  BEAUTIFUL OVAL GARNET RING  Received the Oval Garnet Ring, set in silver this date. Ordered two days ago. Birthstone ring is lovely and a perfect 14th birthday gift for my grandaughter. Price for the quality of the ring I feel a very good value. Carol Robertson <end>
 B0002V50A2  Oval Garnet Open Ring (size  9) ||	  BEAUTIFUL OVAL GARNET RING  Received the Oval Garnet Ring, set in silver this date. Ordered two days ago. Birthstone ring is lovely and a perfect 14th birthday gift for my grandaughter. Price for the quality of the ring I feel a very good value. Carol Robertson <end>
 B0002V8RSO  Amethyst and Diamond Mom Pendant 14k White Gold ||	  Perfect.. But..  In Fact, my mom like this product i gave it to her in the Mother's day she like it sooo much but as i see it is too small i mean the pendant  sbut it is very cool & Fantastic present for your mom,, i bought it at 99$ because in the same day there was a sale for this item  D  P <end>
 B0002VB2XG  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Created Ruby Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>
 B0002VB2YU  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Created Ruby Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>
 B0002VB2Z4  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Created Ruby Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>
 B0002VCUT6  Cultured White Pearl, Round Diamonds, 14Kt. Yellow Gold. Pearl & Diamond Ring ||	  Nice lightweight piece. Quality of stones acceptable.  The gold band is a little thin, but the pearls and diamonds are of good quality. The diamond accents, surprisingly, were "eye-clear" and very bright. Overall pleased, just wish the band was a little wider. This product is okay if you are needing a secondary accent piece, but a little lightweight for everyday wear. Would recommend. <end>
 B0002VFVHY  National Football League Logo Top Mount Curved Belly Ring - Dallas Cowboys ||	  Cool Belly Button Ring.  This ring is cool and also appears to be sturdy. The Cowboys logo hasn't rusted or chipped since I have been wearing it. <end>
 B0002VG9WK  Made in USA By Phil Baerreis - Hand Crafted Heart Jewelry Box - Natural Wild Cherry ||	  sweet gift  I was looking for something to hold my dog's ashes in and this was way too small (5"w x4"d x 1 1/2"d) . I only have myself to blame for that as the measurements were listed. It is a handmade item so my heart box was shaped a bit wider than the one pictured. The felt inside is brown and a bit simple, but otherwise I could imaging it being a sweet gift for a loved one. A bit pricey, but special also as it is signed and dated. <end>
 B0002VJ080  New 14K Two Tone Gold Comfort Fit 6 MM Wedding Ring Engagement Band Size 5 ||	  VERY IMPRESSED  I WAS SURPRISED AT THE QUALITY, I LOOKED IN OTHER JEWLERY STORES AND THE PRICES WERE TRIPLE WHAT I PAID AND GOT BETTER QUALITY. <end>
 B0002VOVXY  9.5x10mm AAA Quality Black Bodycolor Japanese Akoya cultured pearl necklace 51" triple strand Rope ||	  Very nice  You would be foolish to pass this up at this price. Fantastic bargain, almost worth getting three or four of these babies just for the savings. And, when you give them as a gift, boy-howdy do they make an impression. Very good for the "hey, you owe me one" department. Get your own today. <end>  Very nice  You would be foolish to pass this up at this price. Fantastic bargain, almost worth getting three or four of these babies just for the savings. And, when you give them as a gift, boy-howdy do they make an impression. Very good for the "hey, you owe me one" department. Get your own today. <end>
 B0002VRRVM  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Egyptian Ankh Pendant ||	  Quality  I received this item quickly within weeks of ordering it from the states. It's good quality, thin, but heavy duty. It even came in a velvet pouch, which I thought was awesome. Good purchase! <end>  Ankh review  Good solid Ankh. The stone does come out eventually, but I think I could have avoided that if I had put a dab of super glue on the edges. <end>  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Egyptian Ankh Pendant  I love this pendant, I always had in mind an Ankh with an onyx stone in the middle and searched high and low, this is the first time I have found a pendant with the quality and attention to detail. I still cannot believe the price was so reasonable and shipping was so fast, I was amazed they have certainly found a fan and customer for life. I will recommend them to all my friends who like myself are Kemetic Priestess and cannot be without our Ankhs, this is by far the best bargain on jewelery I have ever had the pleasure to stumble on. to say I'm a happy customer is an understatement their jewelery pieces are one of a kind and designs are amazing and the price you can't beat that with a bat!!!! Silver Insanity rocks!!! <end>
 B0002VRSZC  Sterling Silver Grey HEMATITE Poison Box Ring Size 6.5(Size 6) ||	  Cool Novelty!  I love this ring! It looks great and feels comfortable! I love the hematite stone - gives the ring a more gothic look. It matches my charm bracelet where all the charms open up to reveal something inside. These rings are a cool novelty and fun to wear! <end>  Gorgeous Hematite Poison ring in Sterling Silver  I love this ring, but I had not realized when I put it in my Wish List that the ring is a size 4. I wear a size 6. I don't think it can be sized up two sizes without stress or damage to the ring so I am removing this item from my Wish List. Too bad, beause I love it! <end>
 B0002VRSZW  Sterling Silver Grey HEMATITE Poison Box Ring Size 5.5(Size 6) ||	  Cool Novelty!  I love this ring! It looks great and feels comfortable! I love the hematite stone - gives the ring a more gothic look. It matches my charm bracelet where all the charms open up to reveal something inside. These rings are a cool novelty and fun to wear! <end>  Gorgeous Hematite Poison ring in Sterling Silver  I love this ring, but I had not realized when I put it in my Wish List that the ring is a size 4. I wear a size 6. I don't think it can be sized up two sizes without stress or damage to the ring so I am removing this item from my Wish List. Too bad, beause I love it! <end>
 B0002VRT4M  New Sterling Silver Oriental Chinese Dragon Pin Brooch ||	  Not stellar, but nice  Bought this as a stocking stuffer for my wife. I wasn't super impressed with the brooch, but it is still a likable piece. <end>
 B0002VRT74  Sterling Silver Square Genuine Blue Turquoise Inlay Hook Earrings ||	  Exqusite!!!  This pair of earrings is absolutely beautiful! I was going to give them as a gift, but I am keeping them for myself! I will definately order from Silver Insanity again!My order came so fast and when I opened them up I was thrilled. Thank you.Colleen K. <end>
 B0002VRT88  Large and Heavy 2.5" Sterling Silver Gothic Dragon Cross Pendant ||	  Silver Insanity  I was disappointed with the cross because it did not look like to me like the one on the website. I was expecting it to be shinier and did not realize when I purchased it that it is antiqued.The seller was very helpful in informing me of the return policy and credited my account quickly.Although I was not happy with this item, I would purchase from this seller in the future. <end>
 B0002VRT8S  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Triskel Amulet Pendant ||	  Beautiful!  This item appears exactly as photographed. Good sized. The chain is an option, though. It does not come with the pendant. I have mine on a leather cord and it looks great. <end>  Beautifully Crafted  I absolutely adore this piece. The chain was a perfect length. The silver is beautifully crafted into a wonderfully sculptured peice worth wearing. I received this as a gift and I love it! <end>  Love the Pendant!  I am very pleased with both the size and the quality of this pendant. I really love wearing it. Would highly recommend it if and when it does become available for purchase again! <end>  Happy  Very nice pendant. Highly polished and as pretty as the picture. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating is I feel the picture is deceptive due to the chain shown. While I knew there was no chain included I assumed, wrongly, that the chain shown in the picture was the chain included in the "gift" selection during checkout. The chain that comes with this IF you choose it during the checkout is a pretty, but thin, linked chain and isn't really appropriate for the size of this pendant. I would highly recommend that if you need a chain for this item you avoid the gift chain and search for something more substantial. Shipping was fast and painless....I would definitely buy from this company again. <end>
 B0002VRTB0  Large Sterling Silver Heart Photo Locket Pendant ||	  Terrible  I gave this to my daughter for her birthday. The very first day she wore it, the hinge broke. I understand that the locket is inexpensive and lightweight, but that is no excuse for it being so poorly made. <end>  nice locket for the price - good size, too.  I think this locket is really charming. I gave a locket as a photo keepsake to each female member of my family when my sister died suddenly this past January 5th. I find that it's quite sturdy, well priced and really lovely.It makes a great gift. The only thing it lacks is a lot of weight which makes it hard to suspend on cord. You really need a chain. But what the heck? It's still very nice for the price.Elizabeth <end>
 B0002VRTCO  Sterling Silver Blue Lapis Perfume Bottle Scent Jar or Urn Pendant ||	  Awesome piece  This was even larger than I expected, and it's picture does not even do it justice to how beautiful it is. The craftsmanship on this piece is well worth it! <end>
 B0002VRTEW  Fire Moon Pentacle Rainbow Moonstone Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Very Beautiful!  On one side, my wife is just celebrating my Celtic ancesters; and she's very happy about the other side, too. <end>
 B0002VRTGA  Small Bailed Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst and Rainbow Moonstone Slide Pendant ||	  Not compleatly it, but it?  This pendant is beautiful. I was looking for a peice like this, my namestone and my birthstone. (moonstones are very hard to find at a reasonable price, so this was perfect) The stones are clear, all though the amethyst is not pink/purple as in the picture but a light soft lavender and two moonstones are a deep rainbow. When I got it in the mail and put it on the chain, the amethyst in the middle is a bit loose. Not compleatly what I was expecting, but very pleased with it. <end>
 B0002VZXG8  14K white gold 8mm Black Tahitian cultured pearl pendant ||	  Inaccurate description  The pendant arrived in a timely manner with elaborate packaging, which added to the cost of the shipping. The chain is only 16". I assumed it was 18". It is the most fragile and thinnest chain you can imagine with an extremely small clasp. The pearl was not a black Tahitian pearl with a green cast. It is a green Tahitian pearl. The seller did not apply my gift certificate of $35.00. Now I have a mess to straighten out. <end>
 B0002VZXOU  14K yellow gold Peach Single V Freshwater cultured pearl pendant ||	  perfect lustre and shape  I was astouned to having received such a beautiful pearl with perfect lustre. Even though the pearl is not very big, it will surely attract attention.Thank you for an excellent pearl. The gold chain matches with the pearl,s lustre. <end>
 B0002W0O6G  18K white gold 10mm Black Tahitian cultured pearl pendant ||	  Fell Apart  Pearl seems to be of good quality....fell off the mount in less than three months...called and they said they would fix it...no apology or surprise from American Pearl...I'll fix it myself with some epoxy and save on shipping...not acceptable for the price <end>
 B0002WYEZS  10kt. White Gold, Lab Created Ceylon Sapphire & Diamond Fashion Ring (Size 8.5) ||	  Smaller is better?!?  This ring does look exactly like the picture...but the picture is extremely magnified...I'm keeping the ring because I prefer my jewelry to be really small...if that's not the case for you, then please don't frustrate yourself by buying this ring, it's teeny-tiny. The gold feels a little flimsy.I bought this ring with the plan of having it resized (I wear size 10)...now I'm planning on having it resized & having gold added to the whole back portion to thicken the band, I'm not even sure that can be done...guess I'll be finding out soon!If you do like teeny-tiny, you'll love this ring, it really is beautiful. <end>
 B0002X0AL4  Cute Stretchy Ocean Jasper Bracelet ||	  Not as pictured-  I bought twelve bracelets from Cool styles. This is the only one that is not as pictured. The colors in mine are turquoise and white and beidge. I wanted one with some grey as pictured. I know these are all different, but Cool Styles should show a variety of the colors, so you won't be disappointed! I will use as a gift! <end>
 B0002X0AMI  Cute Stretchy Natural Carnelian Bracelet ||	  LUCKY BRACELET  SUCH A PRETTY THING,AND I HAD JUST HAD A SPAT WITH MY MATE AND WAS ON A GEM SITE SAYING CARNELIAN WAS GOOD FOR MARRIAGE-I SAID "WHY NOT?""-WELL THE BRACELET CAME IN 2 DAYS -SPAT WAS ALREADY OVER BUT I WORE THE BRACELET ANYWAY AND OH MY GOSH-I DONT THINK I"LL EVER TAKE IT OFF. THNXGUYS FOR A GREAT BRACELET. <end>  found on a whim  was searching carnelian due to reading about its "magical" properties. when I got this bracelet I was pleasantly surprised. it really is a cute little bracelet and the color mixes on the stones received a number of comments from friends. I really like this bracelet and wear it often. <end>
 B0002X0ANC  Cute Stretchy Rose Quartz Bracelet ||	  Pale and Lightweight  This bracelet is 7 inches around (18 cm) and stretchy. The color is the picture is right, it's a very pale pink. Overall, it's a nice, durable bracelet and at $4 you can't go wrong. <end>  Cute like it says....  Bought this as a gift for my mom. She likes bracelets, but can't handle the ones with clasps due to arthritis in her hands. The light pink color is a favorite of hers. The color and design are subtle and classic enough for any age woman to wear. She really likes it. A great value for the price. <end>  Pretty in Pink!  Beautiful pink rose quartz stone bracelet. A great gift. <end>  Value  Great value for the low cost. <end>
 B0002X0APU  Cute Stretchy Rose Quartz Bracelet ||	  Rose Quartz Bracelet  Very nice I wear it daily. All my friends say its a must have item. So I ordered two more,for gifts. <end>
 B0002X4P1A  Sterling Silver Peridot and Rose Quartz Heart Pendant ||	  Heart Pendant  I recieved this product very promptly however, the picture is a bit misleading. The necklace is beautiful don't get me wrong, but I assumed the pink color of the necklace was a light pink like its shown here. It is however a dark pink and looks almost cheaply made rather then what is shown. Its still a beautiful necklace despite the bad picture here. Oh and one more thing... if you decide to have it gift wrapped it looks cool in its little box. But if you decide to have them write a message for you its horrible. Basically they have this big card that says For You on the outside and inside is your typed message really small and not even centered in the card. I was a bit disappointed by that seeing as how its a mother's day present. Luckily the box came to me before I gave it to my mom with its little cheap card. <end>
 B0002XM9U4  10 KT Yellow Gold Frog Cubic Zirconia 10k Stud Post Earrings ||	  Extremely Pleased with this Valentine Gift for my Sweetheart  These Frog earrings were sent directly to my senior-citizen sweetheart of 68 years so I've not seen them. However the lady is a frog jewelry fancier and an excellent judge of fine jewelry and she is extremely pleased (which makes me very happy). I do know something about value and you also made my pocketbook delerious. Thanks. <end>
 B0002XYR2M  925 Sterling Silver Fern Oxidized Toe Ring ||	  AWFUL  I liken this to something you'd get for a quarter out of a machine. It MIGHT be worth a quarter, but in no way is it worth anything over that. I took it out of the package, slipped it on my toe, opened it a little and it bent in half. Very flimsy, don't waste your money on this or any of the other Body Candy toe rings of the like. <end>
 B0002XYR3Q  925 Sterling Silver GATOR Oxidized Toe Ring ||	  small  A bit smaller than I thought it would be....and the silver wire seemed very fragile, but my daughter loved it. <end>
 B0002XYRCM  925 Sterling Silver Fuschia Hand Painted Dolphin Toe Ring ||	  Stand-out toe ring!  This toe ring really stands out. The bright colors are a big plus for "showing it off". I had to get more than one to help spread the fun around! <end>
 B0002YDUPG  Egyptian Anubis Amulet for Guidance Silver-Tone Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Pretty good!  I made the mistake of buying this for $40 from another site. It's a great item, made to last (though the gold can rub off the edges a bit), and the pewter's also lead-free- another perk.This is one of the best Anubis pendants I've seen, and I've worn mine daily for well over a year and a half now, and it's in relatively good condition. Word of warning- don't drop pink sherbet on it by accident; I can't get the sherbet spill off, so the ankh is pink! ;) <end>  Anubis Amulet  Where the jump ring connects to the pendant is very weak. My jeweler had to strengthen it before it could be worn. Other than that it was a wonderful addition to my collection. The seller was very prompt in shipping. <end>  anubis necklace  This item is particularly nice.The pendant is the reason I bought it.I don't know if the chain will be long lasting,but you could always put it on a silk or leather cord and it would look stunning.Perfect for a man or woman. <end>  egyptian necklace  This necklace I am very pleased with the colors the look and the craftmanship you get for the money.It is a great necklace! <end>
 B0002YDUQU  CHU HUA Easy Life Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Flawless  This necklace was even prettier in person. It was solid and shiny, and a bit smaller than I had anticipated. It was not heavy but it was clearly well-crafted. A perfect gift for someone who could use some prosperity and luck in their life. <end>  Better in person  I got this in the mail today and it is beautiful! It is even engraved on the back. I like the dimensions as it is not gaudy looking and can be worn discreetly with any ensemble. <end>
 B0002YDUYW  Sterling Silver African Zoo GIRAFFE Hook Earrings ||	  Smaller than expected  I purchased these earrings as a gift for Christmas. The detail was good and they were nice but they were much smaller than I expected based on the picture I saw online. I still gave them and the recipient liked them so I guess it ended up okay. <end>
 B0002Z43QK  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 10 ||	  Eve & Steve from PA.  I ordered this ring to replace my old one. This ring came quick and is beautiful. My husband saw the ring & wanted one for himself, so I ordered him one too. This ring is very comfortable to wear & it really sparkles! Also, it is really worth the money. <end>  Just OK  I wanted two weeks before I received the ring. The Ring is rather pretty. But the waiting is too long a time. Hope it could be faster next time! <end>
 B0002Z440A  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 10 ||	  Beware  I will never order anything from this company again. I found out several days after I ordered this item, that it was unavailable. I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon. What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon. Nothing was correct on my account. And worst of all, nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable! I worry about some one else making the same mistake. Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring (same size too) as what I was told was out of stock! <end>  Bad Experience with Gem Avenue.  I wish, I could have read the Karen's review before I placed my order. I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?!I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star. <end>
 B0002Z7M04  Large Sterling Silver Mens Gothic Cross Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,11.5,12,13,14) ||	  a masculine ring for someone who may not normally wear a ring  I first found, and bought, this ring in a booth at a large 'biker' event - Bikes, Blues and Barbeque - a fe years ago. I'd been wanting a ring for some time, but never found anything that appealed to my tastes - masculine but not gaudy or overbearing/overlarge. I've gotten numerous compliments on it from strangers....and was sad to let it go when a lady-friend asked for it as a keep-sake (lol).I missed it and wanted to replace it, but was skeptical that I could find anything that fit 'me' so well. I began searching Amazon under men's rings..and I was thrilled when I found the exact ring here.This ring actually even sparkles - glinting off the edges - in sunlight. I gave one to my best frined for his birthday the other day and his wife and daughters love it on him. <end>
 B0002Z7M0Y  Large Sterling Silver Mens Gothic Cross Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,11.5,12,13,14) ||	  a masculine ring for someone who may not normally wear a ring  I first found, and bought, this ring in a booth at a large 'biker' event - Bikes, Blues and Barbeque - a fe years ago. I'd been wanting a ring for some time, but never found anything that appealed to my tastes - masculine but not gaudy or overbearing/overlarge. I've gotten numerous compliments on it from strangers....and was sad to let it go when a lady-friend asked for it as a keep-sake (lol).I missed it and wanted to replace it, but was skeptical that I could find anything that fit 'me' so well. I began searching Amazon under men's rings..and I was thrilled when I found the exact ring here.This ring actually even sparkles - glinting off the edges - in sunlight. I gave one to my best frined for his birthday the other day and his wife and daughters love it on him. <end>
 B0002Z7M2W  Genuine Sterling Silver 4-Stone Sky Blue Topaz Hoop Earrings ||	  Blue Topaz Earrings  I was not very happy with these earrings. I was expecting a little more but I guess you get what you pay for. <end>
 B0002Z7MAE  Twr Tewdws Sterling Silver Spirit Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for April 1 - 23 ||	  Birth Charm  This Celtic Birth Charm is great. I bought it for my daughter for Christmas and she hasn't taken it off since. I looks better in person. <end>  "spirit" Celtic birth charm  Purchased this charm as a Christmas gift for my 11-year-old daughter. She was thrilled. The craftsmanship is top notch. The design is beautiful and interesting. I highly recommend this item and the merchant. I have purchased other items from them through Amazon and have never been disappointed. Excellent shipping and customer service. <end>  Very beautiful Pendant  I have had mine since November 06 and i haven't taken it off since. Its a great buy for anyone that likes celtic jewelery. <end>
 B0002Z7MAO  9mm Wide Sterling Silver 7" Double Link Chain Charm Bracelet ||	  Gorgeous bracelet  I ordered this bracelet as a gift and ended up keeping it for myself - it was so nice! I have added my silver charms to this bracelet and it is a classy piece of jewelry. This bracelet is large enough that it could be worn without charms. I highly recommend this bracelet. <end>  Lovely charm bracelet!  This bracelet looks great on. The double links make it much nicer-looking than most charm bracelets. It has a snug fit, but is not too tight. The clasp is really hard for me to fasten with one hand, but I love to wear it and add charms to it. <end>  Great Charm Bracelet  I purchased this bracelet to make a charm bracelet for my granddaughter, who had just returned from Europe over the summer. She brought me back a bunch of coins and I had a jeweler drill holes in the coins and add them to the bracelet. (This is a surprise Christmas gift.) The bracelet is not only pretty, but was also strong enough to hold seven larger size coins. I liked it so much, I had one made for myself! You can't go wrong if you purchase this item. <end>  Love it!  This bracelet is exactly what I was looking for. It's sylish, good size and the price is right. I highly recommend it. <end>  Good charm bracelet  I really like this bracelet. It looks great on. I would recommend it, however, if you are getting it to add charms, go with the 8 inch so it will dangle nicely. <end>  Nice Bracelet, but barely 7&#34;  I purchased this bracelet based on previous reviews. Yes, it is a nice bracelet; however, it is just barely 7&#34; from end to end and not 7&#34; for just the chain. After adding charms it won't fit my daughter's wrists and yet she has a very small wrist. Now I'm stuck with a $$ piece of jewelry that can't be used. <end>  NICE QUALITY  After reviewing all of the charm bracelets offered by Amazon, I settled on this one -- and it exceeded my expectations. It's nice and sturdy and looks good with my charms on it. I didn't want some light-weight cheap looking thing --- this has a nice weight to it (but not TOO heavy; just right.) <end>
 B0002Z7MCM  Egyptian BAST Cat Silver-Plated Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful Bast Necklace  I was very impressed with this necklace. As I collect almost everything that I can of Bast I was amazed at the detail put into this necklace. <end>  Best Bast Ever  This piece of jewerly was worth every penny & then some. I had my jeweler put a bigger jump ring on it so it would fit on the chain I never take off. I expected the blue jewel to fall out in the gym, shower, or at some point since it's 1 of 5 pendants that I always have on. But shockingly it hasn't! The seller was completely honest in the description & they were very prompt in shipping. <end>  Beautiful Egyptian Bastet Pendent  This necklace is very pretty. The detail on Bastet (the pendant) is done well. I love the way it looks, and it goes with everything. I get compliments on it whenever I where it out, and people are always asking me about my little Bastet necklace.It also has the symbol of Anku (Egyptian symbol for health, prosperity, and long life) engraved on the back.Silver Egyptian BAST Cat Pewter Pendant Necklace GIFT <end>  Special Kitty  My favorite breed of cat is the Abyssinian and the Egyptian cat is often considered similar in looks so this pendant exactly suited what I wanted. It is a nice size and has good detailing. I wear it constantly as a reminder of my beloved cats. The chain was not of good quality so replaced it with sterling silver chain I had on hand and am quite happy with the result. <end>
 B0002Z7MCW  Sterling Silver WIDE Roman Ribbed Band Ring Size 9.5(Size 6,8,9) ||	  In great detail.  This ring is a marvelous silver replica. If you look at it with a magnifying glass, you'll see all the little ornaments are crafted in detail, like the strings of minuscule dots on either side of the ring.When the ring gets a little tarnished, don't use a silver cleaner but take a soft cloth and rub the ring carefully. <end>  antique ring  This was a great ring. It looks just like the picture. I get compliments all the time. <end>
 B0002Z7NB2  Sterling Silver WIDE Roman Ribbed Band Ring Size 5(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  In great detail.  This ring is a marvelous silver replica. If you look at it with a magnifying glass, you'll see all the little ornaments are crafted in detail, like the strings of minuscule dots on either side of the ring.When the ring gets a little tarnished, don't use a silver cleaner but take a soft cloth and rub the ring carefully. <end>  antique ring  This was a great ring. It looks just like the picture. I get compliments all the time. <end>
 B0002Z7NBW  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Chain Green Agate Necklace - 16" ||	  Super quality!  Another quality item and very pleased. Looks superb with the matching bracelet..will buy more and more from this company as the prices are so reasonable and the quality is awesome!  o) <end>  celtic agate necklace  was prettier on the site. It looks a little cheap and I got the matching bracelet and earrings. The earrings fell apart several times and i do not wear the set anymore <end>
 B0002Z850K  Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Blue Leather Necklace, 17" ||	  Great if you like unusual jewerly  This necklace looks like a fancy dog collar. However, It goes great with jeans and a jacket. It dresses them up nicely.It is hard to clasp somewhat though <end>
 B0002Z85D2  Freshwater Cultured Pearl Bracelet w/ Adjustable Blue Leather Band, 7-8" ||	  Hard to clasp  I agree with my fellow reviewer. It is hard to clasp. Also, the necklace looks a lot like a fancy dog collar. Still, both pieces "go" great to dress up jeans and a jacket <end>  Stylish Bracelet and Low Price  I would give this bracelet 5 stars, but I have to take one away because it's a wee bit difficult to handle the clasp on this one.I would only recommend purchasing if you have a helper to put it on or you'll be frustrated because the clasp wants to spin around on this one and the clasp is right next to the leather band and even with tiny fingers, it's hard to hang on to and catch the eye hook, one-handed.All-in-all, a beautiful piece that will be worn time and again! <end>
 B0002Z8CQC  Tri-Color Twisted Hoop Earrings - TC159 ||	  Smaller than it appears  Somehow the photo makes the earrings appear thicker, wider than they actually are, a disappointment. <end>
 B0002ZB80Y  14K Yellow Gold Genuine Onyx Cabochon Fashion Pendant ||	  Brownie points  I got this to give to my wife for her birthday. She already had others in a set, so she was really happy with how it matched. I'm not a jewelery of gemologist but it appears to be of good quality. She's happy so i'm happy. They did a very good job of getting it to me in time for her birthday. <end>
 B0002ZG16K  Pugster Skeleton Pirate Italian Charms ||	  Calico Jack  Arrrr Maties, this be th' one charm tha' ha' me blood to boilin'. Shiver me timbers! <end>
 B0002ZG1E2  Pugster Believe Italian Charm ||	  Beautiful  The Believe Italian Charm is just beautiful! It looks exactly like the picture. The letters stand out and the lettering is perfect! I love it! <end>
 B0002ZKFLW  Sterling Silver and Amber Bracelet ||	  Very nice  I had some pieces of amber jewelry and was looking for a nice bracelet. tThis one is a good size and very pretty. <end>
 B000300YTE  Mens Sterling Silver Gothic Wrapping SNAKE Ring Size 10(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good looking, but horribly fragile  I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago, and after wearing it nearly everyday, it recently broke literally in half (so now I have to "C" shaped pieces). I was taking it off, it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake "head" part. I was never excessively rough with the ring, so it had to be craftsmanship. Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring, and it turned black. The plating wearing off wasn't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed. I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy, but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use. I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually, once or twice a week. Otherwise, it will break, it is not a ring to wear everyday. <end>
 B000300YZI  Mens Sterling Silver Gothic Wrapping SNAKE Ring size 6.5(Size 9) ||	  Good looking, but horribly fragile  I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago, and after wearing it nearly everyday, it recently broke literally in half (so now I have to "C" shaped pieces). I was taking it off, it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake "head" part. I was never excessively rough with the ring, so it had to be craftsmanship. Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring, and it turned black. The plating wearing off wasn't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed. I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy, but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use. I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually, once or twice a week. Otherwise, it will break, it is not a ring to wear everyday. <end>
 B0003029EC  Sterling Silver Saint Anthony Medal 3/4 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  Nice, but chain is feminine  I was looking for my son's confirmation. This popped up under "men's religious jewelry." The medal is nice, the chain is pretty. "Pretty" doesn't work for boys. The chain is short and may be a box chain, but so tiny I had to look three times to make sure it was a box link. I will wear the chain myself and put the medal on a different chain that is more masculine. <end>  Saint Anthony Medal/Silver Finish.  I sent it out as a gift and only hope that it was really liked by it's reciever. You never really know if your gifts are liked as much as you liked giving it to them.Happy with the seller and his crew, good service.. <end>  Excellent Transaction  It was an excellent transaction, the product was just as described and was shipped to me immediately. Will buy from seller again, I'm sure. <end>
 B000302AJQ  Sterling Silver Saint Christopher Medal 1/2 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  Cute but not for long...  I don't want to bash this product because I love it at the same time but the truth is that it doesn't take much for the chain to tarnish. The charm is still in good shape but after 3 times of wearing it I now have to buy a new chain or buy tarnish remover. Other than that it's very pretty. <end>  First time order  I received my medal in 3 days. It was shipped beautifully, wrapped in a cotton filled box, in a plastic bag in a mailing envelope. The medal was all I hoped it would be. This is the first time I ever ordered at Amazon and would order from Sabrina Silver always. <end>
 B000302ANW  Sterling Silver Engravable Disk 1 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  You get what you pay for...  Shipping was lightning fast. The price was right. Unfortunately, I got what I paid for. The pendant arrived with a small flaw on the bottom front side. Since I bought it last minute I didn't have time to return it, but the finish was done poorly. I wouldn't purchase from this company again unless I had tons of time to ensure it was done correctly. <end>
 B00030DBPS  Sterling Silver Pear Faceted Garnet Stud Post Earrings ||	  Genuine beauty  Genuine beauty garnet. The earrings are small, but noticeable and the color reflects very well. I purchased a matching pear shaped garnet pendant and the earring and pendant set is beautiful! The seller delivered the package in a timely manner. I would buy from this seller again. <end>  Beautiful and well made  I was impressed with the quality of these stud earrings. And the price was nice, too. The garnets were a pretty deep wine red color. And the setting was sturdy-something I truly value, because I had ordered another pair of studs from a separate seller on Amazon about the same time and was very disappointed. Definitely worth it and I would order from this seller again. Keep up the good work, guys! <end>  Gift for Mom  These earrings were a X-mas present for my mom. The stones were a good color, and they even arrived in a gift pouch. She loved them. I was very pleased with them. <end>  very pretty stones  They're small, not tiny, but small enough to wear in the second hole if you have multiple piercings in your ears. The stones have a very nice rich color and they have a nice sparkle to them. Im happy with this purchase. <end>
 B00030DC8E  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030FDGS  Sterling Silver Celtic Heart Cross Knot Hook Earrings ||	  good quality  These are pretty with niceworkmanship. A little smaller than I would like though. They are a little smaller than a dime. But if you are not looking for big earrings, these are perfect. <end>  Celtic Heart Earrings  These were a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loved them. It came in time and the quality was great. So much easier than going out shopping. <end>  Very nice  I just got these yesterday as a Christmas gift- so far they look just like the picture and seem very nice. <end>  Very pretty and delicate  These are very good quality. They are light weight and nice small size. Just as described. They look like the picture. <end>  Soany compliments  These earring are great! Comfy and beautiful! I get so many compliments and then when I tell them how little I paid they are hooked. I wear them everyday and they still loOk great . <end>  AMAZING!  These are perfect and match my tattoo that I got 4 years ago for my 18th bday! A little small than I thought they would be but I love them! <end>
 B00032RH6A  DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia Silver Cutout Crown Ring ||	  Not Silver??  I don't think that this ring is truly sterling silver. Maybe its just plated. After wearing mine for a little over month, it began to tarnish. I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal. I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it. Mind you, this only happened with the actual band of the ring. The crown hasn't turned color at all. I'm in the market for another crown ring but I'm still wearing this one in the meantime. <end>
 B00032RH6U  DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia Silver Cutout Crown Ring ||	  Not Silver??  I don't think that this ring is truly sterling silver. Maybe its just plated. After wearing mine for a little over month, it began to tarnish. I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal. I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it. Mind you, this only happened with the actual band of the ring. The crown hasn't turned color at all. I'm in the market for another crown ring but I'm still wearing this one in the meantime. <end>
 B0004HA7Z2  Cross Pendant with 18 inch necklace 14K Yellow Gold 15.5X10mm ||	  Beautiful cross  This is a very elegant cross and I'm sure it will be enjoyed for many years. I wanted to order a very simple cross for my Mother. It is just a plain cross...on one side, it is like that diamond-cut, etched looking gold on the other side, but not too fancy. That's the only reason I didn't give it five stars, because the plain side that is shown on the picture seems to be the back of the actual pendant, but it isn't a big deal as it is a very stunning little cross. It was delivered extremely quickly and I highly recommend it. <end>
 B0004HD8T4  Cross Pendant Nugget with 18 inch necklace 10K Yellow Gold 27X18mm ||	  Totally Disappointed  When it arrived I was sorry that I bought it. It looked like COSTUME jewlery. I should have known since it said 10k gold. Obviously I don't ware it now...I went to JCPenny's and bought somthing much nicer and half the price,And it is real gold!!! <end>
 B0004K4RHI  Windy Day Pin from the Artazia Collection #363 GP OP ||	  Colorful  The jewelry from this company is very distinctive. It is unique and has sturdy craftsmanship. If you want people to notice this pin, this will bring many admiring comments. It is a nice size for a lapel and the colors blend nicely with many clothing hues. <end>
 B0004K4SKE  Bright Butterfly Pin from the Artazia Collection #414 NP ||	  A Butterfly For All Seasons  This is the fourth piece of artful jewelry I've purchased from the Artazia Collection...all the pieces were awesome and were gifts. This butterfly pin was a birthday gift for my sister-in-law who loves butterflies...she really loved this gorgeous pin, as did the other guests who saw it.The colors are brilliant, the different items selected to decorate with are unique, well placed, and bring so much life to the base metal of the body. This collection is based on the use of a flat matt stainless steel body, then embellished with hand placed enhancements, such as crystals, bits of gold braid, colored enamel, etc., thus creating a colorful, extremely well made piece of wearable, unique art that is joyful to wear.This collection is one of the first places I go to when I'm looking for something really special...and I have never been disappointed! <end>
 B0004K4YNK  Cat In Window Pin from the Artazia Collection #9919 NP ||	  Special  Make yourself or someone else feel special with this pin or anything from Artazia! I've purchased several products from this company and all turn out to be as beautiful in the real as in online photos. Very pleased with the design and quality of this piece. 5 Star item! Pricey now that I'm guessing they're mass produced, yet it's so unique I can't really substitute another item for it. In my opinion for a gift it could use a better box. It's minor. <end>  artazia glass pin  Loved the pin, it was beautiful and exactly as described. The mail carrier here delivered the first to the wrong address and Artazia promptly sent us another one within days. They were very easy to communicate with, possibly the best customer service one can hope to find. Thanks Artazia for your lovely artwork, it makes a great gift! <end>
 B00061FC4M  Solid Sterling Silver 6mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Silver Thumb Ring  Great little item - I wear it all the time! Great service, shipping and quality. <end>  flimsy tarnished ring.  I was not impressed. But, for the price, you can't beat it. However, if you DO beat it, it will most likely break on impact, due to the thin layer of metal this wring is made of. <end>  Good Product  I needed a ringfast----It came on time, it looks real good, what more could you ask for???? <end>  Great Engagement Ring  I bought this ring as an engagement ring for my finace. He felt left out that only I had one. He's planning on wearing it on his right hand after we get married. It looks like a regular wedding ring though and it's been holding up well after 2 and a half months of wear. <end>  rings  i needed a really cheap ring, really fast that would serve as a wedding ring that was lost and i got what i wanted and they are actually pretty on top of it all <end>  Nice  I didn't even keep the item, it wasn't needed, so I sent it back, but I am sure the product was great. The customer service was polite and kept me updated the whole way. <end>
 B00061FC5Q  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00061FC6K  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00061FCCE  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00062DRIY  FW Black Pearl Bracelet, Necklace & Earring set - JewelryWeb ||	  They look like $0.99 items  I bough them as a gift for my wife. They look like 0.99 items and shipping was the worst part,it took almost a month for me to receive them. I am very disappointed with product and seller. <end>
 B00062RYC4  Yin Yang Zen Buddhism Peace Pewter Bracelet ||	  Shiney cuff  The price is very good for the product. i was impressed with the look and I get lots of compliments on it err day. i gave it 5 stars only because there wasn't a way to give it 6... <end>  Neat Bracelet  This bracelet was what was advertised. Would use this seller again. Good price, fast shipping. <end>
 B00063DN9G  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant with Simulated Sapphire and Diamond Gemstones ||	  EXQUISITE CROSS  THIS CROSS IS BEAUTIFUL AND SO FEMININE,I LOVE IT.I CANT BELIEVE THE GREAT PRICE.THANKS SILVER INSANITY FOR SUCH A BEAUTIFL CROSS THAT I CAN AFFORD. <end>
 B00063DNBO  Genuine Green Jade Lucky Elephant Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  So Pretty  This was prettier than the picture. I bought this as agift for someones birthday and they just loved it. It came on time and the quality was great. I would order from this company again. <end>
 B00063EE5I  Double Bloom Earrings ||	  Flower Earrings  I have received so many compliments on these earrings! They were a lucky find. I received fast delivery and the price was something I couldn't pass up. <end>
 B00063K2JU  St. Christopher Round Medal Sterling Silver 25.0mm with 18 inch necklace ||	  Great Service!!!!  Arrived very quickly and in a secure package. Very impressed with the service.Definite repeat customer. <end>
 B00063K3T4  St.Theresa Round Medal 14K Yellow Gold 22.0mm with 18 inch necklace ||	  Nice product  Product was of pleasing design and good quality. Seller helped resolve delivery problems quickly. Would deal with this selloer again. <end>
 B00063N9CW  Sterling Silver Plain 8mm Mens Band High Polished Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,11.5,12,12.5,13,13.5,14,14.5,15 ||	  Nothing like the picture !!  This was a christmas gift for my boyfriend and it was so dissapointing. it looked nothing like the picture -- the band is really wide and not a flat brushed color like the photo -- it is super shiny and has rounded edges not flat as pictured. <end>  Plain and perfect!  My husband has a tendency to lose wedding bands. It has been 35 years and he has lost about 8 of them. Am I suspicious...no silly! He has skinny fingers and small knuckles and the rings just fall off when he is working. At first we bought spendy ones. Maybe $150 to $250. We always just liked plain bands...not fancy ones. But eventually I started looking for inexpensive ones so it wouldn't big a big deal when he lost it. Well....I bought this ring about a year ago and we both really loved it. It took 11 months for him to lose it. I just bought the 2nd one and we still love it. It is plain and comfortable. We think it looks just great for what we know is a disposable wedding band. If he loses this one we will be back for another just like it!! <end>  Good ring, nice price  The ring is everything that was promised at a decent price. The only thing, and this may be my fault, was that I was not aware that there was a coating on the ring to make it stay shiny. Normally, this would be a great thing, but I got it engraved, and part of the engraving is tarnished under the sealant. Still,the company was very helpful and timely, and I would order from them again. <end>  Nothing like the picture !!  This was a christmas gift for my boyfriend and it was so dissapointing. it looked nothing like the picture -- the band is really wide and not a flat brushed color like the photo -- it is super shiny and has rounded edges not flat as pictured. <end>  Plain and perfect!  My husband has a tendency to lose wedding bands. It has been 35 years and he has lost about 8 of them. Am I suspicious...no silly! He has skinny fingers and small knuckles and the rings just fall off when he is working. At first we bought spendy ones. Maybe $150 to $250. We always just liked plain bands...not fancy ones. But eventually I started looking for inexpensive ones so it wouldn't big a big deal when he lost it. Well....I bought this ring about a year ago and we both really loved it. It took 11 months for him to lose it. I just bought the 2nd one and we still love it. It is plain and comfortable. We think it looks just great for what we know is a disposable wedding band. If he loses this one we will be back for another just like it!! <end>  Does the job  Durable and true to size, does its job not much more to say, the size of the ring is big in width so if you have short fingers it may overpower your finger. <end>  Good ring, nice price  The ring is everything that was promised at a decent price. The only thing, and this may be my fault, was that I was not aware that there was a coating on the ring to make it stay shiny. Normally, this would be a great thing, but I got it engraved, and part of the engraving is tarnished under the sealant. Still,the company was very helpful and timely, and I would order from them again. <end>
 B00063NAD0  .925 Sterling Silver Pink Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 6 ||	  Very pretty  I ordered this ring with the intention of trying out different styles for a right hand ring. I was genuinely surprised with the size of it! I was expecting a nice dainty little ring but instead found a larger ring that shines beautifully. I've worn it for about 2 days and it hasn't tarnished yet. Here's to hoping that it doesn't. The stone in the picture is a little darker (as stated). It's actually a very pretty pink. The band nicks easy, but no one is going to look that closely at your ring. All in all, a very nice ring for the price. I'm gonna go look for more similar products to this one. <end>
 B00064A6W2  Sterling Silver Three Row Natural Ruby Ring Size 6(Sizes 6,9) ||	  Beautiful ruby ring, comfortable style  I have gotten more compliments on this little silver ditty than I have my more expensive white gold and diamond rings. I have always had a problem with rings spinning on my cold hands, but not with this ring. Maybe it's because the shank in the bank is slightly wider than most rings. I love this ring! You can't go wrong at this price either... <end>
 B00064A794  Sterling Silver Baby Blue Topaz Cluster Ring Size 7(Sizes 5.5,7,8,9) ||	  Simply Beautiful  I ordered this Baby Blue Topaz Cluster Ring because I am a loyal customer of sterling silver blue topaz rings. Upon recieving this ring I was totally excited and my anticipation of recieving the ring was exciting. This particular cluster is absolutely beautiful the sparkling color of the stones and the quality of the ring.Recieved numerous compliments and would recommend this ring if your looking for a ring that is set nicely with the blue topaz stones. I am completly satisfied and will order from this site again. <end>
 B00064C5PI  Large Sterling Silver Mens Gothic Cross Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,11.5,12,13,14) ||	  a masculine ring for someone who may not normally wear a ring  I first found, and bought, this ring in a booth at a large 'biker' event - Bikes, Blues and Barbeque - a fe years ago. I'd been wanting a ring for some time, but never found anything that appealed to my tastes - masculine but not gaudy or overbearing/overlarge. I've gotten numerous compliments on it from strangers....and was sad to let it go when a lady-friend asked for it as a keep-sake (lol).I missed it and wanted to replace it, but was skeptical that I could find anything that fit 'me' so well. I began searching Amazon under men's rings..and I was thrilled when I found the exact ring here.This ring actually even sparkles - glinting off the edges - in sunlight. I gave one to my best frined for his birthday the other day and his wife and daughters love it on him. <end>
 B00064C5QM  Gothic Sterling Silver Large SPIDER Biker Ring size 13.5 ||	  Excellent Buy!  First & Foremost I'd like to thank Silver Insanity for selling such a wonderful item. I ordered this ring on the 16th of July and when I checked the tracking it listed that the estimated arrival would be on the 21st. When I came home tonight after a long day at a concert, I noticed that it came in the mail.Very fast delivery and excellent quality!!! I'm in love with the great detail that it provides, Just like the picture! I don't usually wear rings, but I think this will be on my finger for a long while. You get the beautifully designed ring along with a velvet (not sure if it is or not, but it's somewhat soft) pouch to keep it in when not wearing. Would possibly be a great Birthday or Christmas gift. I would recommend this to anyone who likes spiders or is into the Gothic Look.I FREAKING LOVE THIS RING!!!!  D <end>
 B00064C6AC  Black Onyx and Marcasite Celtic Claddagh Sterling Silver Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  A beautiful piece  I was impressed with the quality and detail of the ring. The person I bought it for loves it, and as a jeweler herself, that says alot. I was afraid of the metals when I bought it, but she has had no problems. Overall the ring is a gorgeous imitation of history and I would highly recommend it and the company I bought it from. <end>  still LOVE it.  i've had this ring almost a year now and still love it to death. i wear it everyday, it has never turned my finger green and i get compliments all the time. about a week ago a jewel came loose but you cant even tell, after almost a year thats great quality for the price. <end>  I love it.  I get complements on it all the time! Unfortunately, though, the tip of the crown snags everything it comes across. <end>  Perfect  I have been wanting one forever and have been looking at them for a long time. I love it, everyone who has seen it loves it. I am honestly very picky about my jewelry and my best friend used to work at a jewelry store and he loves it too. My skin quickly turns green with costume jewelry and that was not at all a problem and I even sleep in this ring. It may not be quite Helzberg quality but it is really nice and I couldn't be happier without spending an outrageous amount of money. <end>  Turned my finger green  Obviously this is not a high quality product. I wore it for less than a day and it turned my finger green. I do not have any kind of allergy and I've never had this problem with my rings before. I am really disappointed because I like the way this ring looks and I love the design but now I have a ring I really can't wear. I will not be recommending this product to anyone. <end>  Black Onyx Celtic ring  I bought this ring as gift and the person I bought it for loved the ring. The delivery was quick and all other aspects of the order went great.Black Onyx Celtic Claddagh Sterling Silver Ring (Size 6,7,8,9) <end>  nothing like the picture  I REALLY LIKED THE PICTURE,THE HANDS WERE PRNOUNCED AND HEART STOOD OUT-SAID 1/2" WHICH I THOUGHT WAS A GOOD SIZE,QUITE DISSAPOINTED WHEN i GOT IT,IT IS VERY SMALL,MORE LIKE FOR A 10YR. OLD,HANDS ARE BARELY NOTICEABLE AND RING SEEMS LACKING FROM WHAT I EXPECTED,SORRY. <end>
 B00064C6DE  Horses Sterling Silver Running HORSE Ring Band Size 8.5(Size 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  INTELLIGENT ANIMALS I LOVE  NO, I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES. I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES; BUT, SO AM I. WELL, ALL ANIMALS. HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON. REGARDS,DH <end>
 B00064C6DY  Sterling Silver Grey HEMATITE Poison Box Ring Size 7.5(Size 6) ||	  Cool Novelty!  I love this ring! It looks great and feels comfortable! I love the hematite stone - gives the ring a more gothic look. It matches my charm bracelet where all the charms open up to reveal something inside. These rings are a cool novelty and fun to wear! <end>  Gorgeous Hematite Poison ring in Sterling Silver  I love this ring, but I had not realized when I put it in my Wish List that the ring is a size 4. I wear a size 6. I don't think it can be sized up two sizes without stress or damage to the ring so I am removing this item from my Wish List. Too bad, beause I love it! <end>
 B00064C6J8  Sterling Silver Baby Blue Topaz Cluster Ring Size 8.5(Size 9) ||	  Simply Beautiful  I ordered this Baby Blue Topaz Cluster Ring because I am a loyal customer of sterling silver blue topaz rings. Upon recieving this ring I was totally excited and my anticipation of recieving the ring was exciting. This particular cluster is absolutely beautiful the sparkling color of the stones and the quality of the ring.Recieved numerous compliments and would recommend this ring if your looking for a ring that is set nicely with the blue topaz stones. I am completly satisfied and will order from this site again. <end>
 B00064IWVE  Oval Carnelian Ring (size  11) ||	  Item Didn't Match The Photo Or Description  Item arrived quickly and was nicely packaged. However, the Oval Carnelian Ring looked nothing like the photo on the Internet and I had to return it. Instead of being a nice, rich, blood red color with a high clear dome, it was a orange rust color with flat stone (very plain looking). I had to return it. <end>
 B00064UR9E  Pentagram Stars Goth Pewter Finger Ring Spike ||	  Beautiful  I just got this ring today and I simply love it. The craftsmanship is very well done on it. The two bands under it are adjustable so any finger will fit it. Even a mans finger if he just pulls the bands apart. There is a bit of weight to it being solid pewter so your finger might feel a bit weird after you take it off. Over all I really love this finger spike and am looking forward to getting another one but in a different style besides the stars on this one. <end>
 B00064URP8  Cool Scorpion Scorpions Pewter Finger Ring Spike ||	  5 Stars  Wonderful product, recieved it promply without any problems. Arrived properly packaged and in great condition. 5 stars. <end>
 B00064URSU  Red Chinese Love Characters Pewter Bracelet ||	  Cheap and good  Seriously, this thing could be a lot crappier and still be worth the price. It's thick enough that you don't feel like it's going to snap any second like some pewter items, and it actually looks pretty good. What more do you want? Buy it. <end>  Nice but It'll break if you use it daily  I bought this for my sister this past christmas with two pendants from this seller.She likes the bracelet (I do also) but she's about to break it (and it's been less than a month since she's using it).In fairness, she clamps the bracelet to her wrist every time, thus forcing it and therefore (eventually) breaking it.Overall it's nice, but it has some issues regarding endurence. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  I recently ordered this bracelet, and I love the look of it. It is really beautiful, it even has the word "Love" engraved on the inside. It was made well. <end>  Lovely but not super durable  This is a nice pewter bracelet. It's adjustability is its downside, unfortunately. Each adjustment slightly weakens the pewter, making the bracelet more likely to fail in the future. Thankfully it's inexpensive enough that it isn't a big deal. The photo on Amazon makes the bracelet look more washed out than it actually is. Its a bit brighter and the characters are more red than pink. <end>
 B00064URUI  Werewolf Were Wolf Man Pewter Ring Band, Size 9 ||	  Pretty near perfect.  I bought this about a month ago and wear it all the time. I love how big and intimidating it is. However, when I first got it I saw the inside of the semi-hollow wolf head had tiny metal slivers sticking off the edges, so I filed them off. After that, no problems. I do have to emphasize this ring is BIG. I'm tall and have long fingers. Even so, the wolf head covers most of my finger in between my knuckles (I wear it on my middle fingers). So if you have tiny hands, be forwarned. It's definitely a statement piece, and the only things that could be improved are the snout of the wolf (a little too skinny and flat, but not bad enough to have returned the ring) and the metal slivers I mentioned. If these two things were fixed, the price would be very fitting. As it is, I think it could be a bit cheaper. I still love it, though. <end>  My daughter is jealous...  I like this ring, but my daughter really likes it. It has plenty of heft to it, the etchings are deep and well darkened. The fit was perfect, and it even arrived one day earlier than expected. Sadly I have to hide it else I will find it on my daughter's finger. <end>  Nice wolf...  This little ring is very heavy and the wolf face is cute...like a werewolf's! I have a similar necklace and the two go great together.Not too pricey, the delivery was very fast. <end>  Pewter men's wolf rinbg  This ring is heavy and mine needed some additional filing to remove burrs on the inside of the ring. The detailing could be better and the muzzle is too broad, but was worth the price I paid. I wouldn't classify this as a "werewolf" - more a classic "wolf" or even "dog" design. The ring arrived promptly as promised. <end>  Must get this to go with the "Were Wolf Pendant"!  The ring is styled similarly to the Were Wolf pendant. Great face, beautiful details! I am not sure what makes this a Were Wolf, as opposed to just a wolf... The ring fits a bit loose because of the way the head is cast, so you might be able to order a size smaller than usual. On mine there were sharp edges inside the casting, which do not touch the finger and were easily dulled with a file. This is a large and heavy ring--for me, not uncomfortably so--and probably more suited to guys' wearing. <end>
 B00064US02  Unicorn Horse Mane Filigree Pewter Ring Band ||	  A gift for my wife  The ring was well made and just as described. You have to be careful with pewter, though, as it's softness makes it easy to deform. <end>  lovely  i love this ring my only complaint is that the metal is so soft that it bent to the point that i couldnt wear it anymore. i still wear it on a necklace and love it on occasion i can squish it onto my fingure but it took less than two months for it to be almost impossible for me to wear. <end>
 B00064US1G  Egyptian Scarab Beetle Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  A Wonderful Scarab  I was pleased by this pendant necklace. The scarab was nicely done, and goes with everything I wear. The scarab is not 'buggy looking' but more stylistic. That is something that I do like. <end>  Interesting  If you like this sort of thing you'll love this piece. I bought it for a co-worker who collects them. She was thrilled. <end>  Nice Scarab  This is the right size for what I was looking for. It looks nice with outfits and is a comfortable weight. <end>  Misjudged the size  There was nothing wrong with this item. It was to be a gift, but when I saw the size I realized that it was too big for a petite gal. It arrived promptly and was refunded without a hitch. <end>  Great for Halloween!  I live in a place where Halloween is huge. So, of course, I wanted to go above and beyond for it. And this pendant was fantastic.I was Bastet (Egyptian cat goddess) for Halloween, but my problem was that I didn't have a scarab necklace that she's usually seen having around her neck. So I took my problem here and found the perfect one.The scarab is a good size and, like the product title says, it's made of pewter. The cord it came on had to be sacrificed to make it more ornate (with glass beads) and I was saddened that I had to cut the leather cord. The cord has a beautiful knot that allows it to adjust to the size you want it. Honestly, the cord is nice, but rather plain. It clashed terribly against my costume.Now I know I said I wore it solely for Halloween, but it is a great necklace for whenever you want it. I wear mine when I'm out and about. The pewter shines nicely when sunlight hits it.And it arrived fast. I couldn't be happier with it. <end>
 B00064US3E  Detailed Giant Deadly Scorpion Bug Pewter Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring at an Amazing Price  This is an absolutely gorgeous ring. As you probably know, most jewelry shops don't offer scorpion jewelry. Or if they do offer pendants and rings, they're either way too small, or the designs look silly and unrealistic. But this ring is really big, the detail is great, and it just looks perfect.The best part is the price. I've spent three times as much money on smaller scorpion pieces from eBay in the past. I actually like the fact that it's pewter and not silver; I'm a man and personally don't like to wear anything too shiny or gaudy looking.This is a beautiful ring for a price that anyone can afford. If you like scorpions as much as I do, you really need to treat yourself to this ring today. <end>  Birthday Gift  I ordered this item for my husband as a birthday gift since his horoscope sign is the Scorpion and even though the ring is very detailistic it is only offered in two sizes and I ordered this in the largest size and it is still slightly to small, but my husband doesn't want me to return it. So I guess as long as he is satisfied that is all that matters. <end>  Worst Purchase ever  I had a ring similar to this several years ago that was stolen from me, was very impressed by what was described online & the images shown of the item & so I bought it. BUYER BEWARE! IT IS NOTHING LIKE THE IMAGE SHOWN! I am beyond disappointed & honestly would like my money back. The ring I got was blackened, very poorly crafted, bent, dented, cracked, scratched, crooked & looked like it had been burnt to a crisp before it was sent to me (which is to say besides being mostly black all over, there is a coating of rough black substance quite like hardened soot on it).I've had some bad purchases before but this is by far the worst. Sometimes variations in the expectation of an online order are tolerable like size or color....maybe even design and style but this looked like they beat the crap out of it deliberatly before they sent it to me. I will never buy from this seller again & strongly advise against others doing so. Seriously save your money and buy elsewhere <end>
 B00064US4I  Giant Dragon Head Pewter Ring Band ||	  very cool dragon.  the ring is very detailed fit is a little lose, but well worth the cost. <end>  Great ring  The ring arrived faster than I expected. It looks great and I already had comments on how nice it is. <end>
 B00064US9I  Gothic Bugs Pewter Ring ||	  My Favorite  This is my favorite ring. Also one of the first rings I ever bought. So if you are new to buying pewter rings, here's something that may help you out. Pewter rings tend to be a bit more bulkier than other types of rings and the metal is softer. Past that I liked this ring, the design of the dead bugs and snakes catches a lot of attention. <end>
 B00064USES  Red Hearts Heart Pewter Finger Ring Band ||	  awesome ring  I LOVE this ring! It is stylish and doesn't leave a green ring around my finger. The only reason I gave it 4 out 5 stars is because it runs really small. I ordered it to put on my pointer finger and it is too small even though I ordered it in a size 11 (3x the size of my actual ring size). But it fits my middle finger well and I wear it everyday! <end>  Arrived with no flaws  I would like to note the hearts are a darker red than pictured. After a day of wear and tear at work there are some scratches, as I expected would happen. The hearts came in perfect shape. I have no complaints. Worth the price and then some. Very cute. <end>  Not worth it!  Bought this for a birthday gift with another ring. When it was opened, the first thing that jumped out was very noticible flaws in not one, but TWO of the hearts. Since order was placed over 30 days ago, too bad for me! NOT WORTH IT! <end>
 B00064USG6  Turquoise Color Ancient Dragon Sword Pewter Pendant ||	  beautiful!  I got the pendant much sooner than I expected (because I accidentally clicked on the wrong type of shipping), but it is definitely worth the money. It is even bigger than I expected, and I love how it looks.The only problems I had were that it bends very easily (to be expected with pewter) and the tip is rather sharp. I had to trim the tip of the sword off so I didn't accidentally hurt someone with it.But other than that, it's great! <end>  little things...but all in all great  )  I loved how to necklace was. But it was a little too flexible. It bends everytime you drop it because of the pewter material. It also doesn't look as shiny as the pic either...and the jewel wasn't as pretty as the pic makes it seem. But all in all my fiance loved it and he wears it all the time  ) <end>
 B00064USGQ  Green Blue Fish Design Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Blue/Green Fish Pendant  The fish reminds me of a koi fish. It looks soft and gentle. A nice size to wear and it catches the eye. The blue-green color isn't real strong, so the fish can be worn at any time. <end>  This was perfect for what I wanted it for.  It's not the most amazing piece of jewelery ever made but it was exactly what I was looking for. A little while back I read about this Greek Myth. This small fish was so strong that it could stop a ship from moving and when worn as a pendant by pregnant women it would protect them in pregnancy. It would stop them from having a miscarriage. Anyway, I liked the myth and I wanted to remember it so if I knew anyone who became pregnant I could give it to them as a congratulations present. This neckless was the perfect representation of the myth. It's not too expensive and the fish is nice looking and not heavy. When the fish got to my house a wished on it to give her a good and safe pregnancy and guess what!?! She pretty much had no morning sickness and is past the three month mark with no complications so far! <end>
 B00064USJS  Red Eyes Demon Skull Iron Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Killer piece  I love this necklace. It's nice and heavy and solid. And a killer design. The pic doesn't do it justice! <end>
 B00064USNE  Biohazard Pewter Finger Nail Ring Spike ||	  Tiny  This claw ring is smaller than i imagined. Its fairly sharp and looks fantastic, but its much too small to fit any of my fingers except my pinky. (although, it DOSE have bendable band-like things on the bottom that you can bend to your finger, but it will barely hold it.) <end>
 B00064USQQ  Razor Blade Swords Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  pleased  i like this a lot also bought some other stuff from the same place for my sons it arrived well packaged and i wasn,t dissapointed,niether were they.thx. <end>  razor blade swords pewter pendant necklace  I like the looks of the necklace but haven't worn it yet. I probably won't wear it to work as it might be seen as controversial as I deal with mostly elderly patients. I love dans jewelers products. <end>
 B00064UT10  Anaconda Snake Skull Skeleton Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Perfect.  I really love this macabre little item. I combines two of my favorite thing  skeletons AND snakes. The pewter finish is lovely and understated. I have combined it with one of my own silver chains. <end>
 B00064UT24  Maltese Cross & Dagger Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Nice quality  This necklace has the dagger welded to the cross and has a rustic look.The string is adjustable so after you put it on you can let it hang or make it a choker if you want. <end>
 B00064UT4M  Giant Star Of David Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  cool  this is a huge and cool pendant that i will give to a friend for their son's bar mitzvah. L'chaim! <end>  Very Large  Great product that looks great and the necklace fits like a charm. Very large much like it describes it self as. <end>  GIANT but pretty  When they say "giant" they mean GIANT. I am a big guy (6'3-4", and 190) and I thought "giant" would look normal on me, alas, it is still huge. I really like it and wear it everyday, but it is a tad gawdy. <end>  Its HUMUNGOUS  This beautifully detailed pendant is simply , to be perfectly honest, WAYYYYYY too BIG for my taste. MOST pendants of this type are about the size of a Nickel. "Giant" to me just did NOT compute to the GENEROUS size of this otherwise wonderful pendant. IF you like your Bling BIIIIGGGG, THIS reasonably Priced, pendant is perfect. <end>  Star of David...looks beautiful  This is a great looking Star of David. I have owned many and this one is rather unique. It is kind of heavy but that is okay.My wife loves it. That is all that matters to me. <end>  Quite disappointed  I bought this with the highest hopes, but was rather disappointed when I opened the package only to find the front scratched and the hoop (that connects to a necklace) bent at about 45 degrees. Luckily (or maybe not so luckily) the metal is VERY pliable, so I was able to bend it to its correct setting. I don't think I'll be wearing it as often as I had hoped. <end>  star of david is beautiful.  The star of David is lovely and a perfect size. The only thing I would change is to have a pewter chain rather than the black cord that it came with. It was a gift to a very special older woman and she was absolutely thrilled with it. Thank you for such wonderful quality at a reasonable price. <end>  "Giant Pewter Star of David" Large but simple!  The "Giant" pewter Star of David is in fact large but the leather necklace and pewter star together is appealing for the artistry that almost seems art deco-{The star has a line pattern similar to Art Deco}. Giant could be a frightening word since this piece is less than 3 inches in diameter. Wearing this piece may be gaudy but it can be used as a decoration along with your other theological decorations. <end>  Ironic...funny but still...  The first thing I see is a swastika. My eye then adjusts and i get it is a nice star of david.However it reminds me of a swastika. I'm Jewish so maybe I see that too quickly...but still. It looks like a swatika for the 1st 5 seconds before seeing it fully.Maybe it will look better in different light. <end>
 B00064UT92  Red Rhinestone Eye Dragon Whelp Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Gorgeous piece  A lovely little pendant, bigger than imagined in size, and looks wonderful. Bought as a gift for a friend, it really is a sweet and Gothic item that would be appreciated by both men and women. The rhinestone isn't obtrusive, and fits the design well. Good for those who like a little Gothic glamour, without glitter. <end>  Nice pendant  Bought it as a gift for my 8yr old son, the necklace is nicely detailed for such an inexpensive item. Shipping was prompt and got it sooner than expected. <end>  My girlfriend is really happy with this...  I gave this to her for Christmas and she adores it. Some minor things... she thinks the wings and tail are a little sharp, the necklace loop is also a little big, and the other side is completely flat... all-in-all, not a bad pendant. <end>  awesome  Love this pendant. Its a decent size and the eye is so shiny. But i lost it =( buying another one <end>
 B00064UTCO  Celtic Irish Cross Trinity Patterns Pewter Ring ||	  Nice Ring  The ring was very nice. Good quality for a fair price. I liked the detailing on the side of the ring with the trinity on both sides of the ring. You'll like this product! <end>  decent ring  I like this ring a lot, it's very masculine and well-detailed. I gave it a 4 star because it bends easy on the lower half of the band- I've had to bend it back to a circle several times after just doing simple things around the house. It also scratches a bit easy. Nice ring to wear around, but not a very good ring to wear if you're going to be working around the house or dealing with lifting heavy objects. <end>  Quality matched the Low Price as expected  Ordered as a costume jewelry piece. The quality matches the low price. The picture looks better than the actual product.The size is marked 10 but measures only 8.5. I ordered it big so I just wear it on a different finger.I like it for the price I paid. <end>
 B00064UTLA  Flaming Bike Fire Motorcycle Pewter Cuff Bracelet ||	  Biker bracelet review  Excellent pewter motorcycle bracelet. High quality and attractive product that I wear regularly. Because it is pewter, care needs to be taken about not bending it too much. <end>  Surpassed my expectations  to my shock the bracelet exceeded my expectations and since its for my best friend - I am thrilled with this product <end>
 B00064UTP6  Spiders Spider Print Engraving Pewter Cuff Bracelet ||	  UNIQUE  hey- this is a really cool piece and and looks excellent with the spider pendant & earrings as well! TOTALLY need to buy the set - fun for Halloween, but I wear it to concerts and get mega compliments on it - more so from guys -!! Hint Hint girls!!! <end>  Spider braclet  This bracelet looks just like the picture, came before antcipated arrival date, and was boxed beautifully. <end>  Adore it  The bracelet looks even better than the photo. I wear it everyday now - it is so stylish that it goes well with everything - casual or formal. <end>  Does not suck  If you want a piece of metal with stylized spiders on it wrapped around your wrist, this is the item for you. Perfectly good metal wrist spider thing. And so reasonably priced! <end>
 B00064UTV0  Celtic Trinity Engraving Pewter Toe Ring ||	  Flimsy Toering  I was really excited to get this ring. I have been wanting a celtic toering that wasn't cheap looking for a long time. I had it on for one day and it broke in half. I spent way too much money for a toering to break that easily. Very disappointed. <end>
 B00064UU0A  Peace Sign Signs Engraving Print Pewter Toe Ring ||	  Bad toe ring  I was super excited for this toe ring, but when I got it, it was way thicker then I thought and didn't fit comfortable on my toe and then it broke in half  ( <end>  peace sign ring  Just got my ring in today & I love it!!!! It's exactly what I wanted. Fits great and it's great quality. I only wished I would of ordered two. One for each foot. <end>
 B00064UU28  Kokopelli Arrowhead Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Puny Kokopelli Pendant  When I ordered this pendant, I knew Kokopelli was "the trickster," but I didn't know he is also the fertility deity. Guys (and gals), if you didn't know this, you are now forewarned!I am not very happy with this pendant, the third of three I ordered at the same time (Dan's Jewelers). It's well done, and the colors are great, but the pendant is so lightweight that it won't even pull the sting straight. I'll find some use for it, but it won't be for hanging around my neck. Cool design, but it needs a little heft to make it a practical pendant purchase. Hear that, Dan? <end>
 B00064UU6Y  New Mythic Design Thor's Hammer Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Fantastic  This Thor's Hammer necklace is awesome, for the price, and its great quality. I have worn it since i took it out of the box and never take it off and it still looks like it came out of the box. I doubt i will have to replace it any time soon. Great and durable, and just what i was looking for. I might get some different styles as well, now that I know that this jeweler is quality over quantity. <end>  Thor's hammer pendant  Good weight, styling is as picture shows. Surface is not entirely uniform in smoothness, on non styled portions. Great buy though! <end>  NECKLACE  I GOT THIS NICE NECKLACE FOR MY SON HE REALLY LIKE IT AND HE WEAR IT EVERYDAY AND THANK YOU <end>  Nice  Husband really likes this, he is still wearing it and the string it came on is good quality. Nice design <end>  Good product, good service  Exactly what the listing promised. It has a good design, good finish, good weight to it, good price, prompt delivery. Will buy another product in the future. Just discovered that I am 49% Viking through Ancestry.com DNA search. <end>  Nice thor pendant  Definitely worth the money. It looks much better in person than in the picture. I recommend it. I love Norse mythology <end>  Exceptional  This was a gift for my son, arrived in a timley fashion was exactley as desribed, he was thrilled, will definatley reccomend to others. <end>
 B00064UUE6  Moon & Sun Man Face Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  beautiful and unique  This is such a nice pendant. The quality is amazing and the price is so conservative. It's much prettier in person so if you like it online, go for it, you won't regret it. The size is also just right, not small, not too much either. I'm glad I ordered mine. <end>  SUN Pendant (Pleased with it)  This pendant is beautiful. I have been looking for this for a long time. The best thing is that it came all the way from Thailand. Thanks to Dan's Jewelers who took care of this for Amazon. Thank you Amazon. You people are great. <end>  Beautiful amulet  Length   2 04 MinsI looked around for a long time until I found this pendant. I love it! It's slightly larger than a USD quarter and is shiny. It is a unique design and is made from pewter, which I don't mind. It was relatively inexpensive for the level of detail. What I love best about it is that I can order lots of them for my coven! We use the sun and moon symbol and this was the perfect piece! Inexpensive, nicely designed, flowing, and can get as many as I need. I'd say get a chain or chord to put it on. I think the makers were just nice to include a small chord so you can put it on right away. The chord is adjustable too. For the more serious folks like me in a coven, we're using chains and beads to add personal touches. <end>  Sun & Moon pendant.  I absolutely loved this necklace, it was the perfect size, lovely workmanship, the cord is actually really sturdy-- I've taken it off during showers--but even if i leave it on, or whatever sleep with it on--it didn't break. Unfortunately i lost my necklace...but i will be ordering another one soon! I hope there are earrings to go with this in the future  )Fast shipping, very beautiful. <end>  very nice  I purchased this as a gift for my niece for Christmas. I am sure she is just going to love it. <end>  none  Received as promised. Much larger than anticipated. Cheesy necklace. Will wait 'til opened at Christmas. May be returning this one. <end>  Nice Moon & Sun  The sun and moon faces are very nicely integrated. Good workmanship. A nice, sturdy piece. About 1 1/4 inches in diameter without the bail. The bail is 1/2 inch long. <end>  Love the pendent  The pendent is really neat and the perfect size, however the cord is not good quality. I will resume wearing the pendant as soon as I find a chain for it. The cord looked ragged after wearing it once and snapped, breaking completely when I adjusted the size to take the necklace off. <end>  Adorable  My son bought this necklace for his girlfriend and it was a hit. This is very appropriate for a teenager. The &#34;chain&#34; is adjustable. <end>  Nice.  I really like how it looks. I bought this with my giftcard. I'm really into the sun & moon design. Although, I've seen cooler, but expensive ones. All I can say is that this is cool. <end>  Available cheaper on Amazon  I ordered this on Amazon for around $8 from another seller who has it listed as Amazon prime. It's a cool pendant. I have sun/moon stuff around my house. High quality. Looks like the picture. The cord that comes with it is basically trash though. Buy this for the pendant and get a different chain for it. Really great. I like it. <end>  Awesome  I got this as a gift for my friend and she loved it. I was very impressed when I saw the necklace. <end>  Super Cute, and Durable.  This necklace is cute and long lasting. It won't break anytime soon, and the package arrived on time. Only problem I have is 1. I don't know if its sterling silver so I'm extra careful, and 2. I'm not a fan of the chain that came with it (long, black, thick string like chain) that is knotted on it. But other than that its a wonderful necklace and I love how many compliments it gets. Overall  Yes! <end>  perfect!  Perfect, well worth waiting for ( it was unavailable for quite some time ) I love crescent moons sometime moon/sun combo but not usually, this caught my attention and I was not disappointed. <end>  Sun moon face  This necklace have pretty attraction.sun and moon face connected with my spiritual things so I fell good after wear this <end>
 B00064UULE  Cool Tribal Yin Yang Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Tribal Yin Yang  Got this item for a gift. Was pleased with the fast shipping of the item and was pleased with the item. <end>  Cool Pendant  The pendant is great. I like the design and the adjustable cord. I gave it a four because the cord is a little tough. If you have sensitive skin it will definitely bother you. Fortunately I don't have sensitive skin. Very good overall. <end>  Higher quality than I expected  This pendant is made of nice metal and seems very sturdy and well made. The string is adjustable and my son loves it. <end>  Great for price  Get a five star because you get exactly what is decribed. I really like the adjustable neck rope making it fit perfectly. <end>  Still loving it!  I think this pendent is worth the price. I have had it for over a year now and I am still wearing it with no problems. I have no complaints about it. This is not really a complaint but because I have worn it so much, some of the back of the pendent has brushed off. It does not really bother me because no one else can see it but I think that it comes with time. I've gotten compliments on it as well, not for the yin-yang symbol but the overall shape. <end>  Fantastic!  Thought it would look cheap in person but it doesn't. It's great for either a man or a woman. Received numerous compliments. The cord that it came with is a tad flimsy but I love that it's adjustable. It goes well with casual attire and if you feel like getting a little fancy I would suggest swapping out the cord. Overall I am very pleased. <end>  Exceeded Expectations  I am excited to give this item to my man for Christmas. The value for the money is well worth it. In fact, this is the only item EVER that has inspired me to review it (I've been using Amazon for YEARS). Also, very fast shipping. Thank you ! <end>
 B00064UUMI  Cross Coffin Tombstone Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Exactly what I was looking for  To match the coffin earrings I got my girlfriend. Goes perfectly with them. <end>
 B00064VRAW  Sterling Silver Natural Blue Sapphire Swirl Ring Size 7(Sizes 6,7,9) ||	  nice ring  It is a nice ring. the stones are a nice dark blue. <end>
 B00064VZXQ  King Giant Gorilla Head Ape Pewter Ring ||	  pretty neat to an extent  its a great ring. it fit nicely and everythingi had no problems with it at all.i lost it though which is my own fault, but im mentioning this to bring up the point that its not worth buying again. some things are if you can afford it and this isnt it (unless you really like gorillas) <end>
 B00064YUII  'Cleverly Disguised As A Responsible Adult' Cuff (length  6") ||	  I love mine! It totally fits my personality.  I received this bracelet as a Christmas gift from my children. I love it! The quality and service from this Amazon vendor has led us to purchase several of their items. This was a great gift to receive from my children. <end>  it was a gift  i was alittle disappointed with this. i had it sent to my friend whos birthday it was and when i did finally see it i thought it wasnt as 'awesome' as i thought it would be, tinny smaller and had no wow factor  ( <end>
 B000659OL0  14k Yellow Gold Twisted Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings  I recieved these as a Christmas gift and I love them. I have gotten lots of compliments on them. Good size hoops,not too big and not too small. <end>
 B000659OPQ  14k Yellow Gold Textured Cross Earrings ||	  Just as advertised  The earrings were just as advertised, and were sent in a timely manner. Great seller. I would reccomend them to anyone. <end>
 B000659OQA  14k White Gold Puffed Heart Charm ||	  Very cute  This is a pretty little puffed heart. It is very small though. Keep that in mind. My little girl will love it! <end>  white gold puff heart!  It was better than I tought it would be, since it was only $15.00! So shiney and really puffed, very pretty! I received it really quickly with the free shipping! I am glad I purchased this item! <end>
 B000659ORY  14k Yellow Gold Ball Hoop Earrings ||	  Very attractive.  I wasn't quite sure how these would look on, but in real life, they are very nice. A bit different; you won't see yourself coming and going in these. I buy earring styles to wear for a lifetime, so I look for classic, enduring styles, which these are. I am very pleased with them. <end>
 B000659OTM  14k Yellow Gold Twisted Mirror Chain Bracelet, 7" ||	  Too flimsy  Too flimsy, streched out and is about to break at the connection to the clasps. Sorry I bought it now. <end>  Waste of money  This product, while attractive, could not stand up to remotely normal wear and tear and one day I caught it on something and it completely stretched out and was ruined. I wear bracelets all the time and never saw such a thing. Don't buy it. <end>
 B000659OV0  Children's Freshwater Cultured Pearl 4.0-4.5mm Necklace, 13" and Bracelet, 5" 14k White Gold Set ||	  Stunning and Affordable Pearls for Little Girls  Since children grow so quickly, you need a good fit that looks timeless. This pearl jewelry set offers just that!!!And perhaps you could pass it on to another little girl down the road as a flower girl/communion gift once your daughter naturally outgrows the set herself. <end>  Excellent value and excellent product  I had a hard time finding children's jewelry for my 3 year old daughter - a lot of necklaces for kids are 15" which is too long on a 3 year old - they're long enough for them to hook them onto their chin quite loosely - not desirable since they'll hang too far down on them, and most often, she'd fiddle with it in her mouth and break it. This necklace/pearls is well made - 13" is nice since she can barely get it onto her chin, but won't, and it's sturdy - while she's broken the necklace, she intentionally pulled on it to break it, and it took quite the effort. It's beautiful, not cheap and plastic looking, and we've received a lot of compliments. I'll be buying another. <end>  pearls  I bought these pearls for my granddaughter when she was born in June. I bought my 2 year old granddaughter pearls and wanted my 2nd one to have pearls too. The pearls I purchased were exactly what I wanted. <end>
 B00065A180  Cute Stretchy Blue Sodalite Bracelet ||	  WONDERFUL BRACELET  I BOUGHT THIS TO WEAR WITH A LAPIZ BRACELET AND THEY LOOK SO GOOD TOGETHER,ALSO WEAR IT WITH MY WHITE PEARL BRACELET,SO ,LISTEN UP LADIES,THIS IS A NICE BLUE(HARD TOO FIND BLUE)GRAB IT FAST ,AT THIS PRICE IT WONT LAST. <end>  Nice, but darker than pictured  This bracelet is so dark I had to hold it under a lamp to see if it was blue or black (this may be caused by the natural color variation of the stones). Other than that it's fine. <end>
 B00065FZI6  Sea Horse Seahorse Ocean Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful, but breakable.  My boyfriend bought me this seahorse necklace. It has a very cute, and tribal-like design. I wear it a lot. The BIG problem though is the string broke the first day I recived it, not only that. . . the metal thing that holds the string in broke as well. He had to buy a new string, a drill a new holder for the string to go into. Definently not worth $10 something plus shipping. It was a terrific gift, and I appreciate it. But i'm a bit dissapointed in the quality of this item, and so is my boyfriend. <end>
 B00065FZLS  Magic Mushroom Psychedelic Hippy Pewter Pendant ||	  Cool look and design  I like this necklace. It's certainly become one of my favorites. It has a cool look, doesn't make me break out (i've got a nickel allergy), and the cord that comes with it is black. It has no clasp, and instead resizes via sliding which is convenient and easy to use. <end>
 B00065FZTK  Monster Animal Claw Nails Spikes Pewter Ring ||	  Nice looking ring, Doesnt handle wear and tear properly  I received this ring because I wanted to wear it around Halloween time. It got here bright and shiny and sturdy. I have worn it since then but it is really scratched up and the band is a bit squished into my finger. It makes the ring fit better, but it looks like it was in an accident. I'd reccomend this as a piece of costume jewelry, but nothing strong enough for everyday use. <end>  Had to buy this a second time.  The first one easily broke after being steeped on. So as long as you're careful it should be fine. It looks pretty cool and has a nice weight to it. <end>  Quality and detail  I received this ring in a timely manner. The ring is very detailed in its design. I have beencomplimented on the look and unique look. Definetly would recommend this. <end>  Very cool accessory!  Right when I ordered this ring, I couldn't wait to have it. When I received it, I was astounded at the brilliance of it. It had great detail and the shine to it, as well as the size and weight. Overtime, though, I found that the luster grew dull and "gritty" almost. Even though it has lost the beautiful shine, I would still recommend it to anyone. <end>  Great!  I love this ring. It is an eye cathcer and I have received many compliments on it. Thanks Dan's Jewelry. <end>  Great ring for great price  I bought this for the heck of it and have worn it a few times, very nice quality ring that gets tons of compliments. It is a large ring and has lots of detail. I would buy again.. <end>  claw ring  this ring was in excellent condition when I received it, and have no problem with it whatsoever. It's one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. <end>  Very cool ring.  I bought this for my son who loves dragons. HE LOVES THIS RING. The pictures don't really do the ring justice, it has a very high quality appearance and a nice heft. My sons loves showing his dragon claw ring off to everyone, and everyone thinks it's pretty groovy. <end>
 B00065FZWW  Detailed Dramatic Dragon Tail Pewter Ring , Size 9 ||	  Fantastic ring  Wow, I was floored when this ring arrived. It's heavily detailed and very well made. The weight is not too much for a woman, and works well for a man.I thought it would be huge, but no...the dragon's head is scaled for finger comfort.WELL worth the price, and a must for dragon-lovers. <end>  Not as detailed as the picture!  I do love dragons and as another reviewer said, the picture looks like the mouth is open, but it is solid. I still love it and would have given it five stars because I knew it wasn't open, but it really was VERY off from the picture and doesn't deserve the highest rating. Shipping was great though. <end>  Awesome Ring, but huge size  This ring looks a lot like the picture, the detail is great and it's very heavy and sturdy. However, I bought it for my boyfriend and when I received the ring it was way too big for anyone (boys and girls) that I had try it on. I'm going to put it on a necklace chain instead. <end>  Deceiving  I am thoroughly disappointed in this item. I was searching for a dragon ring that had an open mouth and I thought that I had found it.BUT the picture is not accurate because when I received it was solid. It's pretty shoddy quality for detail either way.I don't think that it was worth the deception. <end>
 B00065FZYU  Skeleton Crucifix Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Very Cool!  This necklace is indeed pretty awesome. But I just want to point out that it is 2 inches long. Quite larger than I expected. But that's okay. It is very detailed on the back with the whole body, and in the front, the skeletons hips are a bit... well, not as detailed. But the rope that comes with it is adjustable which is nice, and it is just plain cool. Going to enjoy having this! <end>  Excellent Item  I recieved this item in no time at all. I was more than happy with it. I will shop Dan's Jewelers again for sure. I am completly satisfied and cannot wait to order more items from them. <end>  Great Skeleton Pendant  I purchased the skeleton cross for my husband to hang from his rearview mirror in his truck (It is even neater than I had expected THANKS) <end>
 B00065G062  Celtic Irish Clover Design Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  It's actually decent  I love the pendant and wear it everyday. The string it came with was rather cheap though and became undone the first week i wore it. The pendant is in great quality after all this time though <end>  I Loved It!!!!!!!!  i absolutely love this necklace!!! i love the design and the texture of it, as well as the weight of it. its not nearly as heavy as it looks. i dont have anything bad to say about it. i would recommend it to anyone! <end>
 B00065G09O  Celtic Horse Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Celtic horse pendant  This pendant is a lovely quality pewter, is heavy and fashioned well for shape and smoothness. The excellent artwork for the design is stamped in fairly lightly and I would like the lines darker for better visual from a slight distance, but I am satisfied with this product. <end>  a pretty and unique necklace  Lovely gift for any horse lover, esp. if they are Irish. Only thing I did not like was the adjustable cord (no clasp) &will need to buy a better cord. But for the price that is okay because the pendant alone is well worth it. <end>  Beautiful. Exactly as pictured.  I bought this piece for a friend of Irish heritage who loves horses. It was perfect. It was exactly as depicted in the image, had a good weight to it and hasn't broken in the several months since I gave it to her. Especially considering the price I paid for it, I'd say it was top notch. <end>  Horse pendant could be better.  This pendant is a "flat" version of the "Oberon Design Celtic Horse Pendant". The Oberon Design pendant is very 3-D, deep lines, very sensory looking, pewter with black leather necklace. I like the Oberon Design pendant better... the one here looks almost the same design but not as detailed and vibrant. However, the price is much lower! <end>
 B00065G0CG  Detailed Clover Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Like the necklace, but the picture is different...  I really like the necklace but when I ordered it I thought it would have some round blue stone behind it like in the photo but I guess it's just a graphic? I completely like it the way it is though so whatever but there should be a picture just of the necklace with nothing else around it. <end>
 B00065G0FS  Dramatic Dragon Tail Steel Belly Ring Curved Barbell ||	  Nice & heavy  Nice belly ring. Very bright & eye catching. Fits well & doesn't irritate. No poking or pinching while wearing. Would buy again or recommend to anyone, especially for the price. <end>
 B00065G0IA  Skeleton Body Skull Bones Belly Ring Curved Barbell ||	  Skeleton belly ring.  The ring is too small for the belly piercing. One would not be able to wear this jewelery for a long time without piercing getting irritated. <end>  Funny bones  Fun idea for a belly ring. Wasn't as impressed when I received it. Still a cute idea but just wasn't for me. <end>
 B00065G0MQ  Pink Crystal Eyes Tail Dragon Steel Belly Ring Barbell ||	  the jewlery is meh  Very small... Its pretty but you cant tell what it is unless you already know or look at it close up <end>
 B00065G0QM  Naked Woman Skull Sword Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Very light!!  Too light. For its size weighs little. It is so light that not remains hung. Excact width and and lenght <end>
 B00065G0S0  Celtic Trinity Sword Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Adorable and absolutely gorgeous.  I absolutely loved this little piece. I like the tiny little details on the handle. I also loved the little black velvet pouch it came with. Totally worth the money!I will watch out for the other previous reviewer on how it bends over time. <end>  Sword in your palm  I've always liked swords so I just had to have this piece. It looks exactly like the picture. My only complaint is it bends a little too easily, it isn't straight. I never purposely bent it, it just bended over time. However, it can be bended back. Other than that, it's a great little piece. <end>
 B00065G0US  Chinese Monkey Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  I'm a Monkey  Awesome pendant that shows friends and family that I was born in the year of the monkey. Pendant looks just like the image, and is the best looking monkey symbol available on Amazon - each stroke of the written symbol is clearly defined. For not being sterling silver, this pewter pendant is strong. I replaced the leather chord that came with the pendant with a silver chain, fits perfectly. <end>
 B00065G0WQ  Dark "S" Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  A rather evil little piece.  This is a truly subtle way of showing your true colors.... <end>
 B00065G0Z8  Celtic Fox Fern Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Gorgeous but get rid of the name on the back  I bought this as a gift for a friend. I didn't read the entire description prior to purchasing.I was looking for something with a fox on it. I loved this since it had the celtic knot on it as well as the fox. It was the perfect gift for my friend so she would remember her (Irish) Fox friend (it is a Wood Badge Boy Scout Patrol thing).She opened the gift and LOVED it until she turned it over and another friend noticed it said FERN on it. Then we laughed about online shopping when I told her I only looked at the picture prior to buying it. <end>  Great Product  aside from the fact it was a little smaller then expected and it took a while to figure out the rope chain, it is very comfortable and well made. <end>  Very nice!  This was one of the first things I ordered from Amazon. I really like it. It is great &#34;art&#34; work. I looked up what is meant by on the back online and found a very interesting website that explains some of the beliefs/customs of the Celts. This is certainly a piece that I would recommend to someone who is proud of their Celtic heritage. <end>  Perfect Gift  My girlfriend couldn't stop looking down at it! She loves it! The fox, which, coincidentally, she is in the Celtic zodiac, was just perfectly fitting. And the pewter, she is allergic to a few metals, but not pewter, and the cord, the entire thing was perfect. Would buy again, but now I kinda don't need to.... <end>  Celtic Fox  This piece is awesome. My boyfriend loved it. Neat how the month on the back actually corresponds with his birthday. <end>  great gift  I bought this for my teenaged brother. He has been wearing it for about a year and loves it! It has held up well  ) <end>  Great Gift Idea!  Bought this for my girlfriend and she loved it! It is a beautifully crafted piece. So far no signs of wear or tear on it! <end>
 B00065G10M  Eastern Orthodox Christian Cross Crystal Pewter Pendant ||	  I love this cross  This cross is beautiful and greatly crafted. I've had mine for several months and I wear it all the time. I've been looking for a home church and wearing this cross actually introduced me to the leaders of an African Orthodox church - I was surprised because I thought (living in the Bible Belt) that there weren't any Orthodox churches around here. I was VERY surprised to find out that there are TWO! I love the cross, I receive compliments on it all the time. Not many people know the origin of it, or what religion it comes from, but those who do admire it. Those who don't slanderize my beliefs. Then again, I live in the Bible Belt. I'm very glad for this purchase, this cross is priceless to me, it's become part of me and I wear it everywhere. It has weight to it, but it's not heavy, you definitely know it's there though! <end>  Loved it!  Beautiful cross. It came with the black cord attached, which is adjustable. I wasn't expecting the cord to come with the cross so that was a pleasant surprise. My 13 year old daughter loves it. <end>  Wow!!! What a beautifully crafted Russian Cross pendant  I just received my Russian Orthodox cross pendant today (that was fast!) I would absolutely recommend this cross to any Orthodox Christian. The picture does it little justice. The craftmanship is really noteworthy and beautiful. It is a perfect, solid weight and size for a pendant, and certainly appropriate for both men and women. I just showed this cross to my wife... result?... I will order her one in just a minute! We will both be baptized (with these as our baptismal crosses) into the Holy Orthodox Church soon, and will wear them, God willing, until we leave this world.I do not hesitate to highly recommend this cross pendant to those considering it.Thanks again for making this available at a truly reasonable price!HPJ - Tennessee <end>  Very Nice Orthodox Cross  This is a very nice Orthodox Cross. It is heavyweight and durable. It comes on an adjustable cord which is also well made and durable. <end>  Beautiful cross!  I love Orthodox jewelry, and this was inexpensive, yet had the look of rich and tasteful. I wear it proudly. <end>  Nice looking  This cross is very nice I really like the blue stones they're not too big and not to small. I wish there had been a size listed because it's a little big for what I had originally wanted it for but its so nice I have decided to go ahead and keep it. <end>
 B00065G13E  Celtic Dog Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Celtic dog Pewter Pendant Necklace  I liked and great quality, thought it would be a little bigger. Overall though I am very satisfied with it. <end>
 B00065G15W  Black Crystal Inverted Pentagram Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Nice peice. Good value.  Good quality, and a good seller.This unique pendant looks sturdy, and has a good weight to it. The crystals are pretty, and protrude just a tiny bit to give them that perfect sparkle. The overall look is perfect. It's not too big, but it grabs your attention.The adjustable rope is cool so I'll probably use that for a while. The only complaint I have is that I thought that the metal should have been polished more. No big deal though I did it myself and it took less than a minute.I've had it for over a year now, and I like it very much.I noticed one person says it tarnished.... It's pewter. Pewter changes color.Doesn't reflect on the quality one way or the other.As for the crystals falling out. It hasn't happened to mine, but I treat it nicely so maybe that's why. <end>  Beautiful but not durable  The metal tarnishes after about a month or two of wear, and the crystals begin falling out very quickly. While not exactly hard to buy new crystals and seal them back in, whatever glue had been used was particularly cheap. Nonetheless, it was very well done in terms of the actual design. <end>  My Dark Lady Loves it!  I purchased this inverted pentagram necklace for my girlfriend. We are both Satanists, yet, she has never owned a necklace bearing our proud symbol. The day it arrived to her in the mail, she was thrilled. She loves this necklace and it arrived quite quickly. I thank Dan's Jewelers for making me look so good with this beautiful necklace. My girlfriend thanks you too. <end>  Verry nice  This is what i expected from Dans very well made heavy prod to own it.Nice peace to add to collection.Dan Pennington <end>  An item of quality  This is a high quality, beautiful item, and I was pleased that it came with a protective carrying pouch. <end>  Great Service!  Dan's Jeweler's provides excellent customer service. Our package was lost in the mail and Dan's shipped us another one right away. Judging by the speed with which the second shipment arrived, I'm sure it would be difficult for others to find fault with Dan's. All in all, excellent customer service and excellent product. Thanks Dan's! <end>  A great purchase  For starters, the pendant looks exactly like it does in the photo when you're holding it in your palm. I was worried it would turn out to be too large or too small, but it's the perfect size - large enough to complement cocktail dresses like a choker, but can also be discreetly hidden under shirt collars and tanktop hems for ordinary outings. The chord it comes with is easy to adjust and fits around almost any neck. Processing and delivery was prompt; I received my order without incident at the date I was quoted. Simply put, I LOVE this necklace. <end>  Good Quality, Good Lookin, Good Buy! =]  I lovelovelove this necklace!! ...however the string knots have come undone a couple of times, it's nothing that a boy scout can't fix. =] <end>  Beautiful Piece!  This is a beautiful, big piece. Great looking on! Really fast shipping too! I would definetly buy from Dan's again... <end>  Excellent Purchase  I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this seller to anybody. I hope they keep up the good work and excellent customer satisfaction. <end>  It is beautiful but it looks like it's stamped  The overall pendant is beautiful, although it looks stamped. The back has the letters YZ engraved in them, I have no idea what that means. The edges where the star overlaps with itself are a little worn. But whatever, I like what I got and am not going to return it. Theirs no point <end>  Great!  I bought this as a gift for my friend and she loves it! Its a great size and has a very sturdy weight. I absolutely recommend! <end>  Stunning pendant  i must say this necklace is an eye catcher,it is bold and somewhat trancing to its viewers. simply out classes other pendants i have seen before. <end>
 B00065G1AW  Celtic Raven Ruis Elder Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  great  Great customer service! Friend was out of town when package arrived and package was gone when she returned. A replacement was sent with no extra charge!  -D <end>  Nice, but.........................................  Order at least a month earlier than you normally would, otherwise you will be empty handed on that special day. Very pretty pendant though, cord even adjusts. <end>  A Beautiful Piece  This is a beautiful, and mystical piece, full of detail. It is heavy, and feels full of ancient lore, almost as if it were holding secrets and charms. It arrived fast, nicely packaged, and will be a very nice gift for a very special person. <end>
 B00065G1DE  Celtic Thor Thor's Hammer Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Looks very good.  Very good looking pendant, I wouldn't hesitate to buy, looks way better in person than it does on the pictures posted. <end>  Nice piece of art  I am most impressed with this necklace of Thor's Hammer. It's true to photos shown and is delivered in a nice little cloth bag for safe storage.It fit's every size of necks, with it's adjustable black rope. The pendant itself is very nicely made and is actually quite a bit heavier than it appears on the photos here.I am contemplating purchasing a second one, just in case I lose the one I'm wearing. <end>  Great Buy  When purchasing this item I wasn't sure what to expect. My son wanted it for Christmas so I took my chances. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the necklace for the low price. It was presented beautifully. It actually looks better in person than it does in the picture. You can't go wrong with this Thor's Hammer necklace. <end>
 B00065G1HU  Upside Down Question Mark Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  I don't get it...  I am assuming from the other reviews here that this is supposed to be some covert Satanic symbol...but what it is actually is a copy of the symbol belonging to the band Blue Oyster Cult, one of the originators of heavy metal. The symbol is derived from the hook and cross, symbol of Kronos (Greek titan, father of Zeus), Saturn, and the alchemical representation of lead (a "heavy metal"). The symbol as represented in this pendant--with the dot at the cross center--is BOC's trademark exactly. I find it amusing that people that belong to a demographic that I'm guessing wasn't even born yet during the 1970's are running around with a trademark from a sci-fi/fantasy metal band while thinking that they are making a hushed anti-Christian statement. Don't believe it? Search BOC on the web and read about the derivation of the symbol... <end>  beautiful way to express your true self  this pendant is amazing. It is solid enough to tolerate my active lifestyle and stylish enough to show my true feelings toward any type of religious doubt. If you are shy about your doubt, most "christians" won't understand what it is, so don't worry. I wear it as a necklace but it can be adjusted to be a choker. It's a bit heavy, but with my heavy heart, it doesn't bother me. Great pendant and wonderful quick shipping. Thanks Dan <end>  Great for Summoning Beelzebub  I ordered this pendant the other day and I must say that I am most pleased with it. It's quite sturdy and withstands even the hottest of hellfire when my coven is sacrificing sloths to Cthlulu and Baphomet.No, but seriously, this thing isn't satanic at all and can't really even be considered a symbol of agnosticism. It's basically the symbol for Blue &Ouml;yster Cult, plain as that, which in turn is a rip off of the the symbol for Cronus, the Greek titan associated with harvest and time. Just the same, I'm a big fan of the band and I always thought this was a cool symbol. I highly recommend this necklace, just don't think it's some covert symbol for agnosticism, because only super uptight Jesus freaks and kids trying to rebel against their parents think that. <end>  Wear it Everydat  I wear it everyday and I like it a lot. The questions I get from people as to its meaning give me some wiggle room, and I can adjust what I say depending upon their religious domination. <end>  Amazing!  I love this necklace! very well crafted & pretty  ) its smaller than i thought it was (3cm) Safer than a inverse cross, since no one will understand what it means. Good cause i live in a religious town. <end>
 B00065G1T8  Thor Tribal Thor's Hammer Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  happy with the end result...  This made the perfect piece to complement my Viking Bellydance costume. My only complain is that the adjustable strap can get caught in long hair. <end>
 B00065G1YI  No War Symbol Peace Sign Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  NO WAR peace sign  Exactly as pictured and very high quality. Arrived on time with a very good quality cord. <end>
 B00065G22O  Knight Chess Piece Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Knight Chess Piece  Bought this for a friend for Christmas. Although the cord was very durable the actual chess piece was not. She wore it constantly and never took it off. It lasted for about 3 months before the hook connecting the charm to the cord broke. I'm assuming it broke from too much wear and tear since she works in a daycare.On the upside it was very detailed despite its small size. Not sure if I would buy it again or not but I might since my friend really liked wearing it. <end>  good necklace  This is a great necklace but is a little bit smaller than I expected but it is still great it was delivered on time and looks exactly like the picture <end>
 B00065H0ZM  Goth Punk Inverted Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Very good  I've had this necklace for two years now, and it's as beautiful as ever. I prefer to cut off the cord and put it on a dull ball-chain. It looks much more impressive this way. Definitely a good buy, especially if you're on the left hand path and you've got style. [; <end>
 B00065H106  Dead Fish Bone Bones Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Flimsy pendant.  I'm used to the malleability of pewter, but this was ridiculous. Bent all-to-hell just from normal wear. Wouldn't suggest to a friend. <end>
 B00065LHWE  Sterling Silver February Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant w/ Amethyst Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  beautiful  The seller was very friendly and easy to work with. The piece is high quality and looks wonderful. Thanks <end>
 B00065LHWO  Sterling Silver March Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant w/ Aquamarine Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  just what I wanted  I started a brat necklace when my oldest son was a toddler and now he ismarried. I needed to add his wife's birthstone to my necklace. I was sohappy to find the right birthstone and in sterling silver to match what I alreadyhad on my necklace. It arrived before I expected it and was just perfect! <end>
 B00065LHXS  Sterling Silver December Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant w/ Blue Topaz Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  Pendants  Very pretty and all but quite large pendants. If you have a small family it is great but if you are a family of 10 like ours it is too large for one necklace. <end>
 B00065LHY2  Sterling Silver January Birthstone Baby Brat Boy Pendant w/ Garnet Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  excellent  This item is beautiful and a great price. The necklace is not included. I ordered similar products from a different site and the necklace and the seperating ball was included, however, it did cost about $5-7 more. Great product. <end>  Pendants  Very pretty and all but quite large pendants. If you have a small family it is great but if you are a family of 10 like ours it is too large for one necklace. <end>
 B00065LHYW  Sterling Silver September Birthstone Baby Brat Boy Pendant w/ Blue Sapphire Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  baby brat boy pendant  I like my brat baby pendent that I got for my new grandson to wear with my others, however I still have not received the spacer that goes with it. It was sent by ups and I was not at home so they didnt leave it, now I dont know where it is but it has already been payed for, so what do I do? <end>  Pendants  Very pretty and all but quite large pendants. If you have a small family it is great but if you are a family of 10 like ours it is too large for one necklace. <end>
 B00065Z8YM  Sterling Silver Key Ring with Heart Tag 1 5/16 inch (34 mm) ||	  Poor Quality and Craftsmanship  I ordered this as a Christmas gift. I would be embarassed to give this to someone. The heart was mis-shaped and flawed with rough edges and uneven finish. Will not exchange as I feel the quality is so poor. It is not stamped .925. It is stamped "Sterling". Very disappointed. <end>
 B0006698CO  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Bezel-Set Earrings ||	  Read size info.  The earrings are gorgeous, but they are too larege for my earlobes. I would like them in a necklace for myself. Stones are very nice. <end>  Way too large  On the screen, these earrings looked like a normal size, but we returned them because they were just too large. The size of one of the earrings is about right for a large pendant. <end>
 B00066D43S  Sterling Silver Apple Green Color Evil Eye Bracelet ||	  got what I payed for  I bought this as a gag gift for girlfriend, Who doesn't need an "evil-eye" bracelet now and then? Its worth $15 dollars, but very delicate.The green is as deplorable as it looks, thats half the fun!! <end>  sabrina silver evil eye bracelets  just received both my bracelets, one in multi and the other in lime green. I like them both a lot. I'm a fan of green and was pleased with the color as well as the multi. <end>
 B00066IY0G  Sterling Silver Medieval Cross Armor Wide Ring Size 4(Sizes 4,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Stunning Ring  This ring is truly stunning! I get compliments on it all the time, and unlike a lot of other wide rings, it's very, very comfortable. It's also very versatile as a woman's ring and as a men's ring, without being to bulky or flamboyant---just right! ;)However... the beautiful little details (the loops and the beads) are ever-so-slightly raised, so they tend to catch on clothing frequently. It's not really that big of an issue if you're careful, but still something to be wary of (as with just about any ring!). <end>  Love It  I love this ring. Its gorgeous and very different than other rings. Beautiful and noticeable. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Just as beautiful as the picture  I gave it as a gift and was told I had truly outdone myself. <end>
 B00066IY10  Sterling Silver Medieval Cross Armor Wide Ring Size 12(Sizes 4,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Stunning Ring  This ring is truly stunning! I get compliments on it all the time, and unlike a lot of other wide rings, it's very, very comfortable. It's also very versatile as a woman's ring and as a men's ring, without being to bulky or flamboyant---just right! ;)However... the beautiful little details (the loops and the beads) are ever-so-slightly raised, so they tend to catch on clothing frequently. It's not really that big of an issue if you're careful, but still something to be wary of (as with just about any ring!). <end>  Love It  I love this ring. Its gorgeous and very different than other rings. Beautiful and noticeable. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Just as beautiful as the picture  I gave it as a gift and was told I had truly outdone myself. <end>
 B00066IY1K  Sterling Silver Wizards Armor Ring in Garnet(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Too tight  Very tight ring, looks pretty nice but if you wear it it doesnt come off and you can hardly bend your finger because it is so big! Not for me... <end>  Very nice.  The Wizards Armor ring is an eye catcher. It looks better in reality than on the web image. I love it and I recommend it as an original piece of jewelry. <end>  Metal of ring quite insubstantial  The ring is pretty enough, but the metal of the ring is very insubstantial it pushes in very easily. <end>
 B00066MFWE  Sterling Silver and Red Evil Eye Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  Great bracelet  I love this bracelet. I've been wanting one for some time. It is supposed to keep evil away and the story behind it says you aren't supposed to buy it for yourself. My sister bought mine for me. The quality is very good and it comes in a nice box and velvet pouch so it is nicely packaged to give as a gift. <end>
 B00066WEV6  Oval Hoop Earrings in 14K Tri-Color Gold ||	  Denise  These are very beautiful earings that can be used while wearing anything. I am very pleased with them. <end>
 B00066WF10  14kt. Gold, Dolphin Heart Pendant ||	  Cheap - Picture is Deceiving  If your girlfriend / wife likes Dolphins - and this pendant appeals - do yourself a favor and skip it. It is so light, and cheap as to be confused for plastic. In fact, if it didn't have a metallic 'clink' when it touches metal I would swear it was.Very cheap. <end>
 B000674SXC  Pugster Happy Marriage Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Very detailed charm  This charm is so very detailed! The workmanship is excellent, and the colors are beautiful. <end>
 B00067F9BC  14K yellow gold 2.5ct tw cubic zirconia round center tiffany style round and baguette side ring ||	  This ring is one of a kind.  It is wonderfull beautiful. <end>
 B00067PCIW  Sterling Silver 5 mm High Dome Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Great Shopping Experience  I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience with buying these rings. It was easy and convenient to order, and my shipment arrived so quickly that I was stunned. I am a very satisfied customer. <end>  High domed and attractive, drawbacks of silver hold it back  I purchased a Palladium ring elsewhere as my wedding band. I wanted something to wear when working with my hands, when damage to the ring is likely. I bought this, and a 5mm Stainless band. The stainless band is nicer for a few reasons. First, the silver color is beautiful but doesn't look like white gold/platinum/palladium, while the stainless looks very close. Second, the stainless is much more scratch resistant, this will scratch in the first five minutes you wear it. Third, the dome on this ring is very high which was uncomfortable for me. Fourth is that the silver is likely to react with some people's skin. I like the SS ring I also bought from Sabrina much better. If you want silver, this is it, but it wasn't what I expected. <end>  Exactly what I am looking for  I choose silver bcz it won't look gaudy and noble. Being a mortal, I prefer wearing sth plain but pure and clean. I am so happy to have found this ring. It is not shining and glaring. Rather, it looks gentle and elegant with nice shape. Once feeling "blurred" from the ring surface, just simply wear it and wash your hand with regular cleasing agent and it resumes its freshness!Every friend of mine who saw this tol me that I bought the right thing and it fits me perfectly! <end>  cherylg.  Nice ring. Arrived in nice sturdy package in a timly manner. Would recommend this company to anyone. <end>  nice looking ring  bought it for my gf, it is looking great and fit well. It is very good quality silver! <end>  delicate  The price was very good, it's a big sized ring but a little bit too much delicate... in few days not still shiny and with scratches (normal use! I didnt go to hike wearing it!!!) <end>  Great site  The rings I've ordered have all been beautiful. They have a nice tactile quality, good weight and finish. Thank you! <end>  great sterling silver ring  The ring arrived very fast and it was exactly what I ordered! Thank You very much! <end>
 B00067WO9C  PalmBeach Jewelry 10k White Gold Tanzanite and Diamond Accent Ring ||	  upset  I waited almost a month to get the ring, then when I got it, the stones are very tiny, the ring is odd shaped, & is kind of cheap looking. <end>
 B00067WO9M  PalmBeach Jewelry 10k White Gold Tanzanite and Diamond Accent Ring ||	  upset  I waited almost a month to get the ring, then when I got it, the stones are very tiny, the ring is odd shaped, & is kind of cheap looking. <end>
 B00067WODS  PalmBeach Jewelry Tanzanite 10k Gold Ring ||	  upset  I waited almost a month to get the ring, then when I got it, the stones are very tiny, the ring is odd shaped, & is kind of cheap looking. <end>
 B00067ZED0  3ct Pear Cut Genuine Amethyst and 14K Yellow Gold Ring Size 7 ||	  Stone is very pretty, but...  The stone in this ring is very pretty, but the 14k gold band is pretty lightweight and kinda cheap feeling, plus after I got it I didn't like the look of the gold band with the purple stone. It would look better if the band was white gold or sterling, but my fault, I saw the photo. The stone is why I bought this and the price, so I guess for the price you get what you pay for. I may look for another setting to put the stone into and then think I would be happier with it. But the stone itself is beautiful, and if you're set on gold, you'll love it. <end>
 B000687RFM  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B000687RG6  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B000687RGG  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B000687RGQ  Sterling Silver 7 mm Domed Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band.  Bought it for husband to replace lost wedding band. It was very basic and that is what he likes. Good value. <end>  Nice ring, bad service.  The ring is very nice. But I had a problem with the size, I ordered size 8, and it was too big. I sent it back, requesting and exchange for a size 7. They did sent me the ring back, but it was the same ring, size 8. So now I spent almost the price I payed for the ring at the jeweler to adjust the size. I'm satisfied with the quality of the ring and EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COSTUMER SERVICE...NEVER AGAIN... <end>
 B00068EBWY  Tommaso Design(tm) Clover Cut Genuine Blue Topaz Earrings LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Appears Lighter in Color than Pictured  I'm glad the stones are lighter in color than pictured, because in my opinion they are more attractive than pictured. The stones are multi-faceted, and the butterfly backings are just the right size. I never cared for those tiny butterfly backings that are nearly impossible to find if you drop one on the floor. Lovely earrings. <end>  they are lovely  I have been searching for these earrings to match a ring I have for a few years. They are small, but lovely and the color of the stones are brilliant. They came quite quickly and I am very happy with them. <end>
 B00068ECKA  Tommaso Design(tm) Heart Shape Genuine Blue Topaz Earring Studs in 14 kt White Gold ||	  Very Impressive!!!  Always a little unsure about buying jewelry on line as I have been disappointed in the past. The product was delivered as promised and the cut, color and clarity was surprisingly much better than I had expected. Would buy from this reseller again! <end>
 B00068I4DG  Growing Love Heart Earrings by the Artazia Collection #457 HEA ||	  Artazia collection  These earrings are beautiful and all of my purchaces from Artazis have been wonderful, exactly as described in the pictures. <end>
 B00068I6YI  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Jayden Laser Italian Charms ||	  I'm glad I could find this online  I wanted a charm with my son's name on it, but couldn't find one in stores. I love this charm, it's perfect. <end>
 B00068IL7U  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Sandy Italian Charms ||	  Beautiful!  Clean and legible printing on charm. Looks beautiful on plain italian charm bracelet. Perfect starter charm. This is a great buy! I would recommend this with any name! <end>
 B00068IL8O  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Samantha Italian Charms ||	  My daughter loves it!  This is a nice quality charm. My daughter loves it added to her Italian charm bracelet! <end>
 B0006924DG  Loving Family 7.5" Vermeil Charm Bracelet - Parent, Two Children ||	  nice  I bought this as a Christmas gift and the girl like it with the bracelet being so small and delicate. <end>
 B000694VFU  Amazon.com  Clava Tuscan Zip Padfolio  Electronics ||	  good quality but a bit small & expensive.  excellent leather quality. silky smooth feel. though a little small / compact & can't store much else. and looks a little girly for a guy. to expensive to justify the purchase. <end>  Nice and simple  I'm very satisfied with this item. The things I like about it are -- It's good-looking, the leather is nice, and the workmanship is good-- Simple, clean design without a lot of clutter (no extra pen holders, calculator, etc.)-- Zips up so you can't lose stuff-- The big inside pocket can hold a wad of printouts or even a hardcover book (however, a spiral bound 8.5x11 booklet is a tight fit)-- The two small pockets can hold business cards, a Post-It pad, or an iPhone (but note they have no closure)(Note  It was $10 cheaper to buy this on the eBags web site rather than through their Amazon storefront.) <end>
 B000694VG4  Amazon.com  Clava Tuscan Zip Padfolio  Electronics ||	  good quality but a bit small & expensive.  excellent leather quality. silky smooth feel. though a little small / compact & can't store much else. and looks a little girly for a guy. to expensive to justify the purchase. <end>  Nice and simple  I'm very satisfied with this item. The things I like about it are -- It's good-looking, the leather is nice, and the workmanship is good-- Simple, clean design without a lot of clutter (no extra pen holders, calculator, etc.)-- Zips up so you can't lose stuff-- The big inside pocket can hold a wad of printouts or even a hardcover book (however, a spiral bound 8.5x11 booklet is a tight fit)-- The two small pockets can hold business cards, a Post-It pad, or an iPhone (but note they have no closure)(Note  It was $10 cheaper to buy this on the eBags web site rather than through their Amazon storefront.) <end>
 B00069DLG0  Completely Handcrafted - Designer Heavy Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  All that glitters is not Silver  My first review was about the latch/clasp of this bracelet. When I first complained to the Vendor, the clauses of his restrictions made me think it was a no win situation for me - were I to return it. I took the bracelet to a reputable Jeweller to put on a safety chain. They advised me not to lay out any more cash because this bracelet is not SILVER, but nickle plated. I still have to pay Amazon $61.98 for a bracelet that I thought was silver. I am a very senior citizen on a very fixed income and I have been duped. Who can I turn to? I just don't want any one else to dole out money for junk. <end>
 B00069OLSM  Sterling Silver and Turquoise Drop Earrings ||	  sterling silver & turquoise drop earrings  I was very pleased with Amazon's jewelrey;, fine quality, fast delivery. The shade of turquoise seemed a little light to me, but I would order from Amazon again and recommend this item to others. <end>
 B0006B07O2  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Hammered Band Design Spinner Ring ||	  Great ring & Great Service  The rings were just as advertised and delivered quickly.We love them.It does takes a few days to 'break them in' so they spin easily. <end>
 B0006B07RY  Sterling Silver 5/16 inch wide 8 mm Spinner Ring Brass Rotating Band ||	  Poor Quality, Bad Item  I bought this item as a gift for my friend and after just ONE DAY of wear the "brass" band in the middle had completely lost its fake coating and revealed the cheap metal underneath. The inside of the ring did the same. If it were actually sterling silver and brass as the company claims, this would not have occurred; rather it was cheaply made of metal with goldtone and silvertone coating.After much hassle and disappointment I was able to return this product for a refund of my money.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS PRODUCT. <end>  Not Quality  Unfortunately, I also had a bad experience with this ring. I bought it for my husband's birthday the end of October and by Thanksgiving it already looked awful. He only wears it on the weekends because he can't wear jewelry at his work. Needless to say, I am now buying another ring. <end>
 B0006D4TMQ  Mini Musical Movements - Plays "Brahms Lullaby". (Set of 2) ||	  Nice addition to my stained glass box  I made a stained glass jewelry box for my cousin and used this movement inside. She loves turning it and hearing the music. Good purchase for price! <end>  Smooth mechanism, plays well, inexpensive  I bought this as a replacement for a broken mechanism in a music box. It works smoothly, plays the tune properly, with no weird vibrations or tinny notes. The key wind is in the center. I was replacing one that had the winding stem in the corner. But this thing is so small that it was easy to just mount it offset to one side and line up the stem at the correct spot.I needed to actually drive a rotating platform on top of a Lenox music box with it. That's what the original did. So I cut the rounded knob off the top of the winding stem that is provided, and mounted the rotating figure right on the remainder of the winding shaft. Worked perfectly. I only mention all this in case you are trying to repair that type of music box. <end>  Brahm's Lulliby for baby  I am using these to help mama's with active kicking babies. Insert into a small pillow and have mom to be place against belly during those active moments. Well even just work with only the movement. Item is what I wanted and arrived promptly. <end>  Great little music box  My wife needed a music box with a unique position for the key. We found this at a lowprice and the shipping was fast. It was just in time for our son's birthday with acertain stuffed bear he had not seen since he was very young. <end>
 B0006D4U2A  Mini Musical Movements - Plays "We Wish You A Merry Christmas". (Set of 2) ||	  expected louder sounds  These were okay but expected louder sounds. Would buy additional ones if there were more songs and they were a bit louder <end>
 B0006DN7B0  Sterling Silver 3-Band Russian Wedding Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good for the money  I originally bought this ring about 13years ago. It sentimentally signifies my family. When one of the bands broke I needed to replace it. I love that the sizes are variant and I could wear it on a bigger finger than I had previously, but the bands are a bit thinner than I had thought. Ultimately ~ worth the money. <end>  three band ring  I love this ring! I wear it all the time. It was a great price and I have always wanted one. I'm very pleased with it. Just the right thickness. Comfortable! <end>  Good Quality Silver  Nice quality, but hoped that the individual rings would be a bit wider. Fit was good and true to size. <end>  Russian Wedding Band  Sterling Silver 3-Band Russian Wedding Ring (Size 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11)Nice sterling Silver Product, I purchased a large size for my thumb, I have not taken it off. Wears great, only polished it once. I am over 50 and wanted something different yet suddle. For the price it is worth it, I have seen them around priced higher. It is a really nice sterling silver ring. <end>  Great for everday!  I just love this ring! I wear it as part of my everyday jewelry! It's very sophisticated and appealing as well as durable! <end>  Size?  I ordered a 7, because that's what size she wears. I wish I had ordered a 6.5 or 6. It wasn't THAT big...but I wish it had been a bit smaller. Otherwise it was great! <end>  Misleading Description  Unfortunately when this item arrived it turned out to be only 3mm gauge bands as opposed to the description which has the bands at 5mm each. I contacted the seller suggesting that they had dispatched the wrong item as they also have listed a 3mm version but they assured me that I had received the correct item and suggested that if I was not happy with it to return it for a refund - which I have done. I find it odd that the seller is unaware of the anomaly in the description and then to assure me the item is correct when it is clearly not as described - go look for yourself!Sterling Silver Russian Wedding 3 Band Ring <end>  Scratches  Russian ring has many minor scratches and sings of use! I thought I paid for a new ring. I contacted Silver Insanity and got no any response. Also band is thinner than 3mm. This ring is a waste of money, and waste of money to send it back - I'm afraid that so bad seller won't give me my full refund... Worst experience ever on Amazon! I don't recommend. <end>
 B0006DN7CY  8mm Titanium Brushed Satin Vines and Leaves Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Beautiful ring  My husband is using this ring as his wedding ring (I got the one with the blue inlay). He loves it. He says it's lightweight and fits very well. <end>  Very pretty wedding ring!  I just received mine in the mail yesterday (it's going to be my wedding ring). It's very pretty - the etching is quite nice, and the ring hardly weighs anything (titanium does that!). The item photo is true to color - it's darker than a silver ring, and with the brushed finish it doesn't shine, making it also seem a little darker. It's also a bit wider and thicker than I was expecting, but I think I can get used to it easily (guess I'm used to wearing thinner rings on that finger). Because of that, it feels a little bulkier than rings I'm used to. The edges aren't beveled, but they aren't sharp.Overall I'm very pleased with it, and the seller sent it extremely quickly! <end>
 B0006DN7QK  Large Sterling Silver Mystic Garnet Poison Locket Box Ring Size 6.5 ||	  Lovely  I agree this looks very Medieval, but it wasn't as big as the previous customer had me believing. I think it's the perfect size and the perfect gothic look. It has an armor ring look to it on the sides. I'm very happy with this order. <end>  Wow!  It is a bit big and flamboyant, but I still love it. It looks so Medieval. Great size of the box plus a safety lock to prevent opening it accidentally. <end>  A Perfect Gift!  OK, the ring was a HUGE hit! The intended recipient of the wonderful piece of jewelery, my girlfriend, has already named it and its name is "Magnifico". It was a nickname of Lord Medici, the archduke of Milan and I have to tell you that it doesn't take a huge stretch of imagination to picture it on his hand. A wonderful ring with so many layers of visual beauty, a perfect gift for a person that has your life in her gentle hands, and a great way to usher someone into a realm of fantasy. TOP MARKS!I only have one small complaint, not with the ring itself, but with the marketing part. The photos of the ring (and every other piece of jewelery by Silver Insanity btw.) do not do them justice. I think you should strongly reconsider creating some new, more detailed, pictures of them under various lighting and preferably while someone is wearing them.I'm looking forward to ordering more of your fabulous products! <end>  Very nice  This ring is very pretty, but I was kind of hoping the size would be a little smaller so it could fit on my ring finger instead of the middle. Oh well, still a good buy. <end>
 B0006DN80A  Silver-Tone and Gold-Plated Pewter Magical Fire Pentagram of Flame Pendant Necklace ||	  flame pendant  I got this for my mate. He loves the two tone look; He feel balance He also said it's light weight and has a calming vibe. <end>  Color  Looks just as displayed. Only thing I didn't like is that the yellow color you see is much brighter than in reality. The whole thing almost looks silver with a dusty yellow. <end>  Pentagram with Fire  I was actually impressed with the pendant itself, though you will definately have to purchase a better chain, as the one that comes with it is "flimsy". I would recommend this product to all the proud wiccans out there. Blessed Be. <end>  Necklace  Good quality materials. The gold doesn't stand out against the silver as much as I had hoped, but still satisfied with the purchase. <end>  not as sunny  This pendant looks brighter on screen than in the flesh. Very low in the energy department, too. Perhaps a gift for Pagan children. An adult would need more "power" <end>
 B0006DQDDO  Pugster Laser I Heart Sister Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  I love it  Good price, for the quality of the produced. Fast shipment to get me working. will order again and again. Thanks <end>
 B0006DQHNK  Pugster Baby Grandson Italian Charms ||	  Not what I thought  I read on the description that this charm fits most major charm bracelets. I assumed it would fit Pandora. However, it does not. It is more of a rectangular clip and will not fit the circular shape of the pandora. However, it was a nice charm and would be great for the correct bracelet. <end>
 B0006DQO2Y  Pugster Cosmopolitans Food Beverages Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Great Charm  This charm came lightning quick. It looks better in person, the colors are so bold. Great company, I will use them again. <end>
 B0006G19JO  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Opal and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Wife of 36 yrs love it.  I search and searceh for just the right ring at Christmas. Settle on this one. And it is more than expected and the shipping was last minute and still arrived before Christmas. <end>
 B0006G1HBO  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Emerald Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  great ring  This ring is really stunning. The stone is teardrop shaped and at an oblique angle, which makes it very unique. The stone itself was more opaque than I would have liked, but it still reflects light nicely. <end>  Great for the price.  I bought this as a gift for my wife. You will definitely get your money's worth---an emerald only, say, 5% better would probably cost twice as much. That said, it's not a perfect stone (although emeralds are almost never "perfect").It's a really nice ring, if you've gotten yourself into trouble with your better half ;>, or just as a gift. But if you are looking for a 25th or 50th anniversiary gift, maybe kick it up a notch. <end>
 B0006G8L6S  Lee Angel Gold and Purple Large Rose Brooch ||	  Pretty item, poor packaging  Despite the pretty brooch, the packaging was horrible. The delicate brooch was stuffed into a small ziploc like baggy and sent in a small padded envelope. I've bought jewelry online before and each time, at a minimum, the item was stored in a box. Luckily, the piece arrived in tack, but for over $150.00 a small box could have been provided. <end>
 B0006G8L7M  Lee Angel Silver Filigree Semi-Precious and Crystal Chandelier Earring ||	  Cheap-looking up close  These photograph well but are rather cheap-looking up close. For what I paid I expected better craftsmanship. <end>
 B0006GCEB6  Sterling Silver 3-Band Russian Wedding Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good for the money  I originally bought this ring about 13years ago. It sentimentally signifies my family. When one of the bands broke I needed to replace it. I love that the sizes are variant and I could wear it on a bigger finger than I had previously, but the bands are a bit thinner than I had thought. Ultimately ~ worth the money. <end>  three band ring  I love this ring! I wear it all the time. It was a great price and I have always wanted one. I'm very pleased with it. Just the right thickness. Comfortable! <end>  Good Quality Silver  Nice quality, but hoped that the individual rings would be a bit wider. Fit was good and true to size. <end>  Russian Wedding Band  Sterling Silver 3-Band Russian Wedding Ring (Size 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11)Nice sterling Silver Product, I purchased a large size for my thumb, I have not taken it off. Wears great, only polished it once. I am over 50 and wanted something different yet suddle. For the price it is worth it, I have seen them around priced higher. It is a really nice sterling silver ring. <end>  Great for everday!  I just love this ring! I wear it as part of my everyday jewelry! It's very sophisticated and appealing as well as durable! <end>  Size?  I ordered a 7, because that's what size she wears. I wish I had ordered a 6.5 or 6. It wasn't THAT big...but I wish it had been a bit smaller. Otherwise it was great! <end>  Misleading Description  Unfortunately when this item arrived it turned out to be only 3mm gauge bands as opposed to the description which has the bands at 5mm each. I contacted the seller suggesting that they had dispatched the wrong item as they also have listed a 3mm version but they assured me that I had received the correct item and suggested that if I was not happy with it to return it for a refund - which I have done. I find it odd that the seller is unaware of the anomaly in the description and then to assure me the item is correct when it is clearly not as described - go look for yourself!Sterling Silver Russian Wedding 3 Band Ring <end>  Scratches  Russian ring has many minor scratches and sings of use! I thought I paid for a new ring. I contacted Silver Insanity and got no any response. Also band is thinner than 3mm. This ring is a waste of money, and waste of money to send it back - I'm afraid that so bad seller won't give me my full refund... Worst experience ever on Amazon! I don't recommend. <end>
 B0006GPG2A  Sterling Silver Chandelier Earring With Marcasite Stones ||	  beautiful, delicate, smaller than expected  very nice quality, high shine and lovely style. I wear them often. Like the post instead of a wire, makes them feel very secure and not like they are pulling on my lobes.I wish they were longer/bigger but it is hard to judge from a picture (or holding a ruler up to one's ear!) <end>  Very Nice, good quality, versatile  I like these earrings a lot. They are a little over an inch long and look great with my long straight dark brown hair. The photo looks like there is a little black in them but mostly they look pure shiny sterling silver, which I didn't like at first but they looked awesome with jeans. The merquesite is so small they hardly even catch the light. <end>
 B0006GWBB4  Studio Katia Olivia Top Dangling Belly Button Ring ||	  It was nice while it lasted.  I loved this belly jewelry. However, I wore it for a matter of a week and it fell apart. I guess you really do get what you pay for, and that isn't much. <end>
 B0006H9XH8  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Greek Key Spinner Ring ||	  Very nice!  I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves it. It looks really nice and this seller was very fast. We had to exchange for a smaller size and I was amazed at how quickly we got it back. I recommend highly! <end>  Beautiful.  The ring is even better in person. Very nice product, and very fast efficient delivery and exchange. <end>  great experience  I purchased two rings from Sabrina Silver and they were both of exceptional quality and the service was great. I will definitely purchase from Sabrina Silver in the future. <end>  Not black, but grey  The black band in the center is not black at all; it is actually a very light gray that looks more like unpolished silver. However, it is still a very handsome ring and fits comfortably. I received it in 4 business days, and I chose standard shipping. <end>  Not quite as depicted.  I found this ring to be a little disappointing in person. The quality is good, and the weight is OK, but not as heavy as a solid S/S ring due to the spinner! I noticed right away that the area behind the Greek Key design is not black (as depicted in the picture,) but rather a light matte gray. It is funny, but I took a quick shot of it with my "Photo Booth" camera built into my MacBook Pro, to include as an attachment, but alas it too looks darker in this shot than it does in person. Shipping was quick, customer service is pretty responsive. Overall, a happy purchase, I'll keep it and am wearing it as I type this review. <end>
 B0006H9XL4  Sterling Silver 5/16 inch wide 8 mm Wave Spinner Ring ||	  Great design, could use a bit of QA  My girlfriend and I got a matching pair of these when we started dating a year and a half ago. They've held up beautifully despite their daily beatings over the last 500+ days. Definitely Solid. And I / we LOVE the wave design - it's clean, pretty, and I really like the subtle clever use of negative space for the opposing waves. Like the ying and the yang.My only complaint is the welding on the outer spinning band. You can't see it in the picture, but where the outer-band is welded together, there's about 3mm of welding material, covering an entire wave, and it looks a mess. Fortunately, it's smooth and doesn't really bother me that much. I'm spinning it around most of the time anyway. And it's not like this is a Tiffany's ring -- for the price, it's really hard to complain. <end>  Good site  I love every piece I've purchased. The items are solid and as pictured. Thank you! <end>
 B0006H9XM8  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Floral Design Spinner Ring ||	  Beautiful addition  I bought it and immediately loved it. Some black funk came off for a few days but other than that it wears beautifully. I get lots of compliments too. I wear it all the time but need to be mindful with certain things while wearing it....like playing in the sand, working in clay, anything that can get in between the two pieces. What ever gets in it works its way out after you spin it repeatedly. <end>  Nice ring!  This was a very nice ring. It came very quickly. Unfortunately it was pretty big (I ordered a size 8 hoping it would fit my thumb). My boyfriend actually would not let me send it back, and he is currently wearing it! Overall looks great, spins nicely. <end>
 B0006HAG6K  Sterling Silver 10 Inch X 4.0 mm Herringbone Anklet - JewelryWeb ||	  Nice...but smaller than advertised.  Let me start this by saying that I adore this anklet. I wear it almost all the time, with the matching bracelet. However. It is not the 4mm promised. The both of them are roughly 3.5 mm wide. This may seem like a minor inconvenience, and it is, but I feel it is a little dishonest on the manufacturer's behalf. When purchasing precious metals, especially in jewelry form, measurements should be precise and exact. Having said that, I would still purchase it if I had the possibility of doing it over. It is just that lovely. <end>  Good product  Exactly what I was looking for. A solid piece that looks good and is holding up well. <end>
 B0006HAGL0  Sterling Silver 18 Inch X 8.0 mm Mariner Link Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Ok chain..  The chain is well made and has a nice weight to it. However, for the price, I was disappointed in the lobster clasp. It is very hard to pull back the latch. The stem on it is short and does not pull back easily as a lobster clasp should do and this makes it hard to hook it together. <end>
 B0006HAJDU  Sterling Silver 30 Inch X 1.0 mm Rolo Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Deb M  My order came quickly and was as I expected it to be. I would definitely order from here again. <end>
 B0006HAJIK  Sterling Silver 22 Inch X 8.3 mm Figaro Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Absolutely amazing.  I used my dad's acount to make my purchase, and I am so pleased with the chain. It looks wonderful, expensive, and my baby will LOVE it. <end>
 B0006HAKI4  Sterling Silver 7 Inch X 11.5 mm Curb Chain Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  Great choice!  I studied the selection carefully and wasn't sure if this was as wide as I needed, but it turned out to be rather striking and feels good and solid. It was a bit more than I wanted to pay, but worth it! VERY good deal for the price! <end>
 B0006HAL3I  Sterling Silver 24 Inch X 1.0 mm Snake Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Wrong Item...  I ordered this O-ring clasp on purpose, but didn't receive this item. What I got instead was a much heavier lobster claw clasp - the exact clasp I was trying to avoid because of it's weight. While the chain itself is beautiful - I'm not happy. Apparently, I can return the chain and be credited for it's cost, minus all shipping and handling charges of course!! Round trip shipping and handling cost 50% of the item charges...guess they were counting on that!! UPDATE - Customer Service has been extremely helpful!! Not only did they arrange for my return...but made certain I received the correct necklace ASAP. I am very happy with both the beautiful chain, but their Customer Service as well!!  -) <end>
 B0006HAL8I  Sterling Silver 8 Inch X 6.6 mm Bismarck Chain Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  POOR  abosolutley tiny. couldn't fit a doll. expensive including all the shipping. Looks nothing like its picture <end>
 B0006HAMGY  Sterling Silver 8 Inch X 1.0 mm Rolo Chain Bracelet - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  debm  My order came quickly and was as I expected it to be. I would definitely order from here again. <end>
 B0006HFT08  Solar Blue Gem Cute Celtic Nipple Shield ||	  Cute, but painful.  While this piece is very cute, it won't fit everyone. When I put it on, my nipple fit through the opening just fine, but because of how the holes are positioned, I couldn't get it down far enough to line up with my piercing. I had to do some annoying maneuvering to get the barbell through, and afterward it was very uncomfortable to wear, and I experienced stinging pain whenever the barbell shifted because it stretched out the area too much. I had to take it out after two days. It seems like it's designed for someone with, erm, "long" nipples. Give it a try, but just remember you can't return it after you open the package. <end>
 B0006IBZL4  Sterling Silver Ferret Mink on Pink Rose Quartz Pendant ||	  Adorably wonderful  This is simply adorable! It's a light color pink and the ferret sculpt is very cute & well done. perfect for being a charm or a necklace. <end>  Not exactly pink  Cute little guy, but the "pink rose quartz" pendant is more white than pink. The photo is misleading. This was a gift for a friend; if we'd had more time we'd have returned it and asked for a different, brighter color. <end>
 B0006ICJ28  Moby Dick Whale Linked Bracelet ||	  Bought it for a gift  I thought it was beautiful.I bought it for a dear friend, Patti. She seemed to love it. I can't speak more about it than that, as she wouldn't tell me if it was terrible. <end>
 B0006ICO8M  Love Knot Ring Size 13 ||	  FINALLY PLUS SIZE RINGS  I AM SO GLAD SOMEONE FINALLY STARTED OFFERING WOMEN'S RINGS IS PLUS SIZES, LIKE 11, 12, 13, ETC.THE ONLY LARGE SIZES OFFERED IN THE PAST WERE MENS AND THEY WERE BIG AND BULKY - NICE QUALITY TOO! <end>  Looks nice, but doesn't hold up well  I recieved this ring as a birthday present several months ago. After only seven months of regular wear, the ring developed a crack in one of the two bands. This eventually wore through and now there is a break several millimeters wide with a sharp edge that digs into my finger. Quality jewelry should NOT break under normal stress. <end>
 B0006ICP22  Double Trinity Knot Ring Size 5 ||	  Double trinity knot ring  THis ring is so lovely. It is the type of jewelry you can wear with any kind of outfit, whether casual or formal. Of course, if you love anything Celtic or Wiccan, then this is a must have! It is an absolute bargain!!!! <end>
 B0006IHRKW  Antique Style Inverted Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Wearing it proudly  I actually display this on my combat vest here in Iraq. It even caused my platoon sergeant to tell me to take it off because it was offensive. Too bad for him, he didn't tell the guys wearing rosaries to take theirs off too.I love the tarnished look and it's anti-reflective qualities allow me to wear it on my vest and not make me look like a gangsta with bling-bling.My only complaint is that the leather cord it comes with was tied wrong so that no matter how I would wear it, the cross always flips backwards. I just used a different chain and it works fine.It's cheaply made but looks more like dark, tarnished metal, which I like. <end>  Pretty, but not durable  The cross itself is very pretty, but unfortunately the hoop broke off just days after being worn for the first time. It didn't take much effort at all, I just accidentally dropped it on some grass and the hoop broke off, so now I have no way of wearing it. It's very cheaply made, but the design is very nice, and there's no denying that's a beautiful piece of jewelry. Buy at your own risk. <end>  Great  This is so pretty and exactly what I was looking for! I wear it every day, it's one of my favorite pieces of jewelry I own. I thought it might look fake and tacky at first but I was so wrong <end>  A Very Nice Piece of Jewelry  This necklace is nice made, looks elegant and makes a great statement. It is packaged nicely and is a great addition to my collection, I'll wear it often. <end>  DEATH  GREAT NECKLACE IT HAS A NICE FINISH AND GREAT WEIGHT ON IT NOT TO HEAVY AND NOT TO LIGHT IT'S MY FAVORITE NECKLACE <end>  My review  This was a great buy. It shipped quickly and the pendant even came with a necklace so I could immediately wear it. <end>  Very pleased with the necklace  I bought this necklace for my girlfriend and she wears it all the time. It is great and seems well made so far. <end>  Very undersized, but looks decent.  As a three-time buyer from Dan's Jewelers, I know what to expect. I've always been impressed with every necklace I've bought from them but, much like the guitar necklace, I'm disappointed on the size of the pendant itself. I mean, it doesen't look bad when you wear it and there is obviously a lot of detail here but I think it should be much bigger to show that detail. I'd really love to see a bigger version, I'd buy it in a heartbeat. The biggest pendant I've seen from this seller is the bearded dragon, which is borderline huge but it looks great and I think this would be an awesome follow-up. It's a cool pendant, very tarnished-looking. <end>  Dan's Jewelers Inverted Cross  I bought this inverted cross from Dan's Jewelers. The delivery speed was amazing and came only a few days after I ordered. My items were safely packaged and the inverted cross was better then I expected. Great product. <end>  INVERTED CROSS PEWTER Pendant Necklace  Great product! My son's band loves this item. Quick, professional service from seller as well. Excellent pricing and great communication from seller. <end>  Original meaning of the inverted cross  The anti-religious population does not know of the true meaning of the inverted cross. The inverted cross refers to when Peter (one of the Twelve) refused to be crucified (he was a martyr) right side up as Jesus did because he felt he was not worthy. So he was crucified upside down. It's kind of sad knowing you are buying the cross to combat religion when you are actually doing the opposite. I'm sure there are another 100 anti-religion necklaces so be glad that you read this before buying it. Peace! <end>  inverted cross  The detail on this item is so beautiful ,always a fun item to pair up with boots and fishnet shirt. <end>  Inverted Cross  A High quality piece of jewelry. Gets all kinds stares and comments. I'd recommend this to any Satanist. <end>  Awesome!!  Overall Quality merchandise,modest prices, prompt delivery. I was so happy when I discovered Dan's Jewelers. I had tried relentlessly to find this specific type of jewelry that I ,and/or others I know, identify with. At last I found just what I was looking for. This was my second time ordering from Dan's Jewelers and definitely not the last time. I am very pleased with how quickly my order arrived and was happy to know that the jewelry is well made and looks awesome. If you find something that interests you, I definitely reccomend Dan's Jewelers. <end>
 B0006IHRLG  Navy Officer Anchor Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  anchor  Pendal is an excellent product made to specifications that describes the product, lightweight and comfortable, meets expectations, the product arrived in the expected time <end>  The pendant was just as expected  The pendant was just what i expected and i am very pleased with my purchase. The only bad thing i can say is that the black necklace it comes with is already starting to shred so I'd suggest putting the pendant on a different necklace. <end>  Anchor Necklace  The necklace was shipped fast and got to me very quickly. It was packaged very well. <end>
 B0006II5YY  Cubic-zirconia Rhodium Finish Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Very pretty, a little big  With the low price of this ring, I knew I was taking a gamble. But, much to my surprise it looked better in person. Nice, not an overly costume piece. Too bad it seems to run a half size bigger than the true ring sie. I have small fingers to start with though, so it is hard to find a good fit. I gave it to my mom-in-las and she loved it. <end>
 B0006IIV8O  Unusual Sterling Silver "Dancing Water" Celtic Knot Hook Earrings ||	  sterling silver earrings  I got the earrings on time, and I absolutely loved them for about two weeks until they started to look rusty.( I did not shower while wearing them or leave them sitting on the bathroom sink.) <end>  Very flattering, and bring so many compliments!  I get more compliments on these earrings than on any others I wear. The quality is very nice for the price, and the slightly vertically-elongated shape is very flattering. The size is wonderful; they are called "large" but I don't find them overly large at all, and would actually call them a very moderate size for a pair of fashion earrings. I have two other styles of Celtic knot earrings, both more round in shape and somewhat smaller, but I reach for this pair when I am feeling a little more dressy and feminine than just 'everyday'. I think anyone will really enjoy these! I'm ordering a second pair, just in case I lose the first, somehow--that's how much I treasure them! <end>  Very nice  look as good as they do in the picture - I've received compliments <end>  My every day earrings  The earrings are very nice. I wear them nearly every day - after close to six months, there's still no real wear and tear on them. I personally find them a little bit short, but that's my own taste. <end>  Found them at last  I had purchased these same earrings for 3x the price about 10 years ago from a local jeweler. Wore them all the time and lost one. I was heart broken. I recently ordered a pin from Silver Insanity, really liked it and started browsing through their stuff. Saw these earrings and ordered them, they are the same, (I kept the one I had left, hoping that I might be able to have someone make a match). I will wear them now with a plastic back, just in case. WOW <end>
 B0006IPNM6  Pugster Greek Eta Numbers Letters & Symbols Italian Charms ||	  perfect  just what my braclet needed to show how much I love my little orange sweetie! <end>
 B0006IPSWG  Pugster Celtic Cross And Heart Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Love my charms  Love my charms... I have quite a few bracelets, watch bracelets and medical bracelets. You use to be able to find the charms sold everywhere, but not now.. now mostly internet <end>
 B0006IX9E0  Southwestern Native American Rectangular Earrings by Navajo Artist Tommy Charley, #TP170 ||	  Great earrings!  These are a beautiful, heavyweight pair of earrings which are elegant, clean-lined and very attractive. They are just big enough to show nicely, but not so big that they are heavy. Also, they go with everything, casual to dressy. <end>
 B0006J32GO  Accented Oval Larimar Ring ||	  Larimar Ring size 7.5  The Larimar stone is very similar to rings I found in a Texas beach shop, very pretty and the perfect size for me. The ring setting is a little flimsy, it's lightweight and not well cast from the mold. I hope it wears well for a long time. The 7.5 size is true and fits perfectly. <end>  Larimar Ring  I am extremely pleased with the Larimar ring I purchased. The quality for the price was exactly what I was looking for. <end>
 B0006JDIHC  10K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Cross Pendant with Chain ||	  Beautiful piece  I gave this as a gift to my daughter and she wears it all the time. Excellent Quality. <end>
 B0006JDKA2  14K Two Tone Gold 1 ct. Diamond Wedding Band ||	  gorgeous!  i can't believe how nice this ring is for the price. i looked a long time to find one i could afford that looked really impressive. this is it. <end>
 B0006JMT9K  14Kt White Gold Blue Sapphire Diamond Ring ||	  Unique Engagement Ring  )  I'd asked for a nontraditional engagement ring, ideally with a Sapphire as the center stone instead of a traditional Diamond. My husband, after searching every local jewelry retailer he could think of and not being successful, found this ring online. This is the ring he picked out for me and it's perfect. He was really relieved when it arrived, it looked exactly like it does in the picture. I get compliments on it all the time. It's held up really well, including the finish, and I'm not gentle with jewelry. The only one compliant I have is that I had to get the prongs tightened shortly after I got it, but apparently that is a very common with rings. <end>
 B0006JMVDY  14K Yellow Gold Genuine Cabachon Black Onyx Dangle Earrings ||	  Not satisfied with purchase  Earrings were a disappointment. They seem cheap considering the price and very small, not impressive at all. <end>  Disapointing RIP OFF  These were not worth the 160$ They are super tiny and the stones are rounded instead of being uniquely unevenly cut as it appears in the picture. And the big sale price mark down from 330$ ???? If they gave you the actual gold weight and length of these earings I would have known that the real value is about 40-60$ and goodluck returning them because they charge you a 40% restock fee <end>
 B0006LCQYQ  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 2 cttw Marquise Shape ||	  Lovely earrings  These earrings were for a gift so I wanted something that looked expensive without costing the earth.I was not disappointed, they're lovely and great value for the price. <end>
 B0006LCR0O  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 2 1/2 cttw Pear Shape ||	  beautiful earrings  I have ordered many items from Sabrina Silver, and ALWAYS been satisfied. These are beautiful earrings, at a fantastic price!! <end>
 B0006LCR22  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 2 cttw Emerald Shape ||	  Close, but not quite  Not quite sparkly enough to be actual diamonds, but for the price, they're excellent. Very elegant. <end>
 B0006MEOJA  Pugster Dangle Sun Flower Italian Charms ||	  Cute, but...  This one is cute, but not as cute as it looks, and also, not as secure. It's fading very quickly, so as long as you're ok with knowing you'll probably want to replace it shortly with another or one with higher quality, then why not get it? It is sweet, after all. <end>
 B0006MFD86  Boma Round Onyx Earrings ||	  Small but pretty  These earrings were much smaller than I anticipated. However, after wearing them the first time they grew on me and now they are an essential part of my accessorization cycle as they are elegant and just different enough to be hip. <end>
 B0006MSJOQ  Sterling Silver Illinois Charm ||	  maybessie  The charm was exactly as represented and it came in a beautiful purple gift box. It arrived within the specified delivery date. I would make a purchase from this company again <end>
 B0006MSJPK  Sterling Silver Minnesota Charm ||	  Cute, but flimsy and not that pretty  I ordered this charm as part of a birthday gift of a charm bracelet for a friend in Minneapolis, along with two other charms. My friend wears the bracelet daily, but has opted to wear the single Tiffany heart charm I included, and I agree the bracelet looks better that way.This charm is cute, a novelty, but not of great quality, and not particularly pretty. <end>  Minnesota state charm  I loved this Minnesota state charm, and I sent it to a good friend from Minnesota and she was very happy with it. <end>
 B0006N2OM8  Sterling Silver and Crystal Star Pendant, 18" by Paris Hilton ||	  Great necklace  I received this as a gift and am very happy with the necklace. The star pendant is smaller than I would have guessed from the picture, it is a bit bigger than your thumbnail, which I'm happy about because I didn't want something too big. The chain is just like the chain on her rosary bead/cross necklace in this collection, but with blue crystals rather than pink. You can also vary the length of this necklace by using the 2" or so of extra chain that extends past the clasp. <end>  Totally impressed!  I just received my Paris Hilton blue star necklace and matching star earrings as well as the pink crystal earrings. I am just thrilled to death. The quality is very fine and it's even packaged elegant. I just love it and can't wait to order more. <end>  A beautiful piece of jewelry from Paris Hilton!  This is my second piece from the Paris Hilton collection (I have the pink crystal heart shaped earrings also) and this is by FAR my favorite! I agree with the first reviewer, even though they give dimensions, for some reason I thought this would be larger. Still, it is absolutely gorgeous. Light blue is my favorite color, silver my favorite metal, so it's the perfect combination for me! Excellent quality, a nice 'weighty' piece, and I got a compliment on it the first day I wore it! Bring on more Paris Hilton jewelry! <end>  Star Necklace  This necklace is cute. The beads would make you think that its not real silver, anyway it just looks pretty and because its in blue and not pink its not too girly. I personally think this gift would be best for people younger than their mid twenties. It would be the perfect gift for your daughter, neice or friend etc. <end>  come on! 60 dollars???  PALEEEEEEEEEASE! You can buy this at any mall jewelry store for under $15. <end>  Don't buy this product!!!!!!!!!  This pendant is made out of cheap quality. Within a week of giving this to my girlfriend 3 of the little crystals have fallen off. All of the crystals weren't even the same color. The right side of it was blue and the left side of it was white. It was honestly a waste of money. <end>  What A Shine  I just got my beautiful Crystal Star Pendant,I think it is beautiful, I am so glad I got it.It costs more then the other pieces. I think who ever gets thiswill love it. The Lt Blue Crystals really shine. So do the Lt.blue roseary beads. I have to tell you my husband loved this piece also. Now that I got one I am thinking of getting one for my son's wife.Thank you Paris and thank you Amazon.com <end>
 B0006N2OMI  Sterling Silver and Crystal Heart Dangle Earrings by Paris Hilton ||	  Way Cute!  These are so cute and sparkly! And they are very comfortable cuz their lightweight.I get compliments everytime I wear them. <end>  Paris Hilton Quality  I knew Paris Hilton's jewelry line would not be cheap stuff and I was right. These earrings are absolutely beautiful and priced affordably enough for me to get my daughter a few other items from Paris' collection all in time for Christmas. <end>  Love them  I really love these earrings. They are pretty and I get a lot of compliments on them. They are not real big so if you like a small earring these are perfect for you. <end>  Cute little hearts and beads  I really like the hearts on this, they are a nice size and not too overpowering. I thought they might drag too much but the weight seems to be fine and it looks really cute with the cross and rosary bead necklace.I am planning on liking this as much as I have enjoyed my other Paris design purchases. <end>  Paris I can't stop thinkin bout it  It's not something that I would wear because I find it so extremely fancy although my aunty has brought a pair and it looks heavy but she says it feels light and is hypo allergic. Well whatever it looks brilliant. It really srsli does. It has a beautiful shimmering pink light and is suitable for a princess. Beautiful paris! It's heart shape design and bead thred is very stable and strong with a subtle glow. Deffinitely worth it! <end>
 B0006N2ONC  Small Crystal Dog Collar, 15" by Paris Hilton ||	  Cute, but...  I love this accessory for my doggie, but one stone has already fallen out. My dog is small and does not tug at it. A little disappointed. But it is very cute. <end>  not happy  I wasn't all that impressed with this collar for the money. In fact I feel a bit cheated that I speant $10 on this collar when it's so very obviously not worth more then $5. The clasp doesn't work unless you pry it open and then push it back closed - it's constantly falling off my dog's neck and some of the stones in the bone charm are already missing. Needless to say I won't be buying anything more from the "Paris Hilton" line in the future. <end>  I was actually a bit disappointed in this collar  I don't think it's nearly as cute in hand as it appears online. Also, the clasp seems quite a bit off center, making it hard to adjust for my small Yorkie.She has a lovely pink suede collar with a rhinestone heart. I guess she will just continue to wear that. <end>  Paris Hilton Dog Collar  I have to say this collar is so cute and my dog likes it because it is light. Don't think my dog is going to swallow it as previous a previous review states. <end>  YESS!!!  when i heard that their was going to be paris hilton jewlery i was excited because i love her style . But i have a little chihuahua that loves tinkerbell , so its cool that my dog can wear jewlry inspired by tink. by the way this is my dogs prized possesion. <end>
 B0006N8ZT4  St. Christopher Surf Medal - Large Royal Blue/Black ||	  Absolutely beautiful  I'm a recreational surfer so I really wanted one of these. It's absolutely beautiful. There's also a picture of someone (not sure if it's St. Christopher) surfing on the back of the necklace. Can't wait to buy others in different colors  ) would recommend to all surfers, recreational or professional  ) <end>
 B0006NVKNC  3 Diamond Princess Cut Anniversary Band 1/2 ct. in 14K Yellow Gold (Highest Quality) ||	  Beautiful and Stunning  The diamonds on this ring sparkle with fire and will outshine most other 3 stone rings you will find! The stones are of exceptional cut/clarity. The band has more gram weight than most other 3 stone ring bands and therefore is of a higher quality than most jewelers use. You can't go wrong ordering from Katarina Jewelers! If you don't like something or if you have any questions or problems, their customer service is unsurpassed.You can rest assured that Katarina Jewelers is a reputable and professional company and offers high-end quality jewelry comparable to high-end jewelers. If you expect the best---catch Katarina's sales and you won't be disappointed!FYI  I am a repeat customer who knows a good deal when I see it. <end>
 B0006O9O3O  Amazon.com  Balance Premier Bracelets  Clothing ||	  Its a hoax. Don't get it.  The study done on this product has concluded that all "effects" of pain reduction are caused by the placebo effect, making it identical to a sugar pill. The group of people given the real bracelet reported the same results as the group given fakes.If you were thinking about getting this product, be happy.You can save lots of money by not getting this bracelet, and have the same benifits using anything else!If you want it for style, think about the company you are supporting. It has lied to millions. <end>
 B0006OAT0Q  3/4 ct. Blue - SI2 / I1 Round Brilliant Cut Diamond Earring Studs in 14K White Gold ||	  Excellent value  These earrings are lovely and clear and a beautiful vibrant blue, slightly deeper than topaz, but way lighter than a saphire. They have a beautiful sparkle only found in diamonds. I can wear them by themselves or inside a white diamond jacket I bougt from the same seller. Shipping was quick and efficient. <end>
 B0006OAT38  1/4 ct. Blue - SI2 / I1 Round Brilliant Cut Diamond Earring Studs in 14K White Gold ||	  Fantastic!!  I was a little hesitant to order these online.... The last time I ordered blue diamonds online (not from Amazon), they came so dark and cloudy that I returned them. Fortunately, these earrings are nothing like my previous order. These earrings are fantastic! Gorgeous color, great sparkle, better than I could have imagined! Highly recommended if you're looking for a pair. <end>  Great sparkly earrings  These are absolutely beautiful earrings with lots of sparkle! I purchased the 1/2 ct blue earrings about a year ago and loved them so much that I bought these to go in the top hole of my ear. They are just a tiny bit darker than the picture shows but the picture doesn't capture the awesome sparkle. They go great with just about everything, especially jeans! Love em! <end>
 B0006OATBU  1 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Pendant ||	  Beautiful Modern Shine on a Budget  I have received so many compliments on this cubic zirconium pendant. I'm petite and the size is perfect for jeans and polo or bridesmaid necklace. Nice for a modern or contemporary feminine look. Gems are sturdy and silver color is still shiny after 1 year (purchased Oct 2009) of running around, sweat, tugging, and a few showers. A great buy! <end>
 B0006OATEC  0.64 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Heart Pendant ||	  heart neclace  this was a gift for my 11 year old daughter. we both love it. it is the perfect size and looks great. the chain is thin and broke quiclky so we replaced it. she wears it every day and never takes it off. <end>
 B0006OATFG  1/2 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Cross Stud Earrings ||	  Indeed Beautiful  I gave these earrings as a gift to a christian young lady. She thanked me for them and I assume she liked them and will wear them on a daily basis. There are beautiful. <end>  Unique item  These earrings are just the right size, for the second holes in my ears. They would also be a good size for a small child. They are, in my opinion, in a very good buy. <end>  First Communion Gift  I found and purchased these adorable little CZ crosses as a First Communion gift for my daughter. She accidentally saw them already (not knowing they were for her) and exclaimed what pretty earrings I have and she wanted some, too. I think she'll be very excited to learn soon that they're for her to wear. Just the right size for little ears. <end>  A little too small for adults, a good pair for a child.  These post earrings are beautiful but a little too small for adults. They would be perfect for a child. But too small for an adult especially someone a little older than have larger holes from wearing heavier earrings over the years. This is the only reason I rated them as a 4 instead of a 5. I know the size is mentioned in the description but you really do not realize the size until you have them in your ears. I would be very interested in the same pair just a little larger. <end>  BEAUTIFUL EARRINGS  THESE EARRINGS ARE SMALL, BUT WITH THAT SAID, I THINK THAT IS WHAT MAKES THEM SO BELIEVABLE. THEY LOOK LIKE REAL DIAMONDS AND NO-ONE HAS TO KNOW ANY DIFFERENT UNLESS THE PERSON WEARING THEM TELLS THEY ARE CZ. THE EARRING FITS ON THE LOBE OF THE EAR, IT DOES NOT HANG PAST THE BOTTOM OF MY EARLOBE. I ORDERED ONE PAIR FOR A CO-WORKER, WHEN THEY CAME IN I WAS SO PLEASED WITH THEM THAT I ORDERED 3 MORE PAIRS, 2 SETS ARE CHRISTMAS GIFTS AND 1 PAIR FOR MYSELF... I WOULD RECOMMEND THESE TO ANY AGE GROUP, THEY ARE A SMALL, QUIET ADDITION(NO BLING)THAT MAKES A BEAUTIFUL STATEMENT TO THE EARS...IF GIVING AS A GIFT, BE PREPARED TO GET AN ADDITIONAL PACKAGE FOR GIFT GIVING AS THE OTHER REVIEW STATED, THEY DO COME IN A SMALL PLASTIC BAG. I FOUND MANY OPTIONS AT MY LOCAL "EVERYTHINGS A DOLLAR" STORE TO PACK THEM FOR GIFT GIVING.1/2 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Cross Stud Earrings <end>  pretty earrings  Nice earrings but arrived in a small plastic bag. Think it would have shown a little more effort if they would have arrived in a jewelry box suitable for gifting. Very cute pair of earrings though. <end>
 B0006OATK6  1.65 Carat Cubic-zirconia Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings ||	  So Glamourous  Cubic Zircodian can also be " A Girl's Best Friend."They compliment a black evening dress,they compliment a woman's face and hairstyle, be what it may.Very sparkley, flashy and sexy !No matter what you pay, a woman will LOVE these earrings.They're alluring knock-outs. It needn't be a special day to wear them , they look as great with jeans and a sweat shirt as they do painting the town red.Guys, buy them for your girls and you'll reap loads of appreciation! <end>
 B0006OHSB4  18k Gold Scarab Pendant ||	  Not too happy  I'm not too happy with this product. The quality is good but the description doesn't tell you that the scarab is raised from the base. Looks like a solid piece from the photo. Seems very fragile. Was gonna wear it everyday but it's totally unsuitable for that. <end>
 B0006OIJB2  Three-Stone Diamond Ring 1/4ctw ||	  Love it!  All I can say it that I wear this ring with everything! It is even more beautiful that I could have thought. I bought it just to have a pretty diamond ring to wear when dressing up a bit but I have it on now and I'm in jeans and a tank top. It sparkles so much and I wish I would have bought one for my sister and mother. <end>  three stone  the ring is beautiful the stones are the same width as the band so from above it looks like a band but it is pretty and shiny so if you have small hands like me or dont want anything to large or are just on a budget this is the perfect ring. <end>  Sparkles!  I love the design works great with my anniversary band.I have small hands so the combination does not overpower.The price is right too.thank you for such a beautiful ring. <end>  Three Stone Diamond Ring 1/4ctw  Great customer service after problem was reported they overnighted item to me at thier cost. <end>
 B0006OJ4XY  Sterling Silver Woven Sunray Medallion St. Bridget - Brigid's Brigit Celtic Cross Knot Pendant ||	  Excellent  This is the second of this pendant that I have purchased after giving my original to a friend who really liked mine. It is heavy and well made, with very solid detail. Thicker and heavier than the pictures appear.I get many positive comments on it, as i wear it almost daily. <end>  Celtic Cross Pendant  This piece is much more impressive in person than the picture. It is a solid piece, doesn't feel cheap or flimsy. The seller shipped it timely. <end>
 B0006OJ6WS  Marcasite and Amethyst Sterling Silver Ring Size 4.5(Size 5,6,7) ||	  It Broke after 3 days!  Yeah I was kinda upset. I bought this ring for my roomate for Christmas and it Broke after the 3rd day. We lost the jewel and everything because it just fell out. <end>  Lost jewel in two rings from this vendor  I loved this ring so much but one of the marcasites is gone for good. That's so upsetting to me. While the price is outstanding, if the quality isn't up to snuff, it kind of doesn't matter. I had the same experience with losing a jewel from this company's eternity band. That jewel I found and was able to glue back in. <end>  Marcasite & Amethyst Ring  It is just a beautiful ring. Ordered sz 5 and fits perfect. I have small hands and the amethyst stone is just the right size. The stone looks lighter in the photo so I was happy when I opened the box and saw that it is darker. <end>  Good teen or child's Amethyst Ring  I purchased this little ring to go with an Amethyst Necklace I gave to my niece for Christmas. It was really just the thing for the price. She is 16 and I think that is the limit for anyone who would wear this ring. <end>
 B0006OJ704  Sterling Silver Scottish Dukes Garnet Armor Ring(Sizes 5,6,6.5,7,8,8.5,9.5) ||	  sterling silver Scottish dukes garnet armor ring  This is a beautiful ring but the stone fell out within 6 months of having it & the silver is light weight. Buyer beware! <end>
 B0006OJ754  Queens Armor Wide Ring Band Garnet Sterling Silver(Sizes 5,6,6.5,7,7.5,8,9,10) ||	  Very Lightweight and Setting has cracks  The Silver is paper thin and the setting has little cracks which cause the ring to hook on fabrics. Poor customer service, I returned the product and they never issued a refund and they never responded to my email inquiries. <end>  Great ring--perfect seller.  This ring is just wonderful. I was a tad bit worried about the quality because of the low price but that was not a problem. This ring is beautiful--high quality!!! The seller shipped it quickly and packed it well. Again--this ring is so much better than the price would indicate!!! You will not regret buying it!!!Another reason I purchased it is because it is almost a perfect match for one that was made for Freddie Mercury --I'm a big Queen fan and was so happy to find it at such an affordable price. <end>
 B0006OMQ6G  Large Egyptian ISIS Swarovski Crystal Pendant Necklace ||	  Gorgeous!  Incredible pendant! I had no idea it would be so beautiful. It's heavier than we thought too. Makes it feel far more expensive than it is. <end>  A Real Eye-Catcher  Got this as a stocking stuffer last Christmas. I wear it to work a lot and get compliments every time. Mine hasn't broken and I wear it almost all the time. Great buy and a great gift. <end>  Isis in Flight  May She spread her wings and draw us to the pinacle of sky's beauty. I really think that this pendant reveals the generous aspect of Isis. <end>  Wanted it for 6 months!  I first saw this piece in Sedona Arizona at a store but they were out of it and didn't know when they would order again. This is from the exact same maker. I am so pleased as it was a gift for my wife on her birthday. It is well made and quite beautiful! Well made and very detailed! <end>  Lovely, but mine already broke  It IS beautiful and heavy. However, mine is already broken. I got it not less than a week, and the TINY THIN chain holder (the small ring on top of the piece that holds the chain), for some reason, broke. I got so angry I threw the thing away.It's not very strong. <end>  Cheap. Looks like it cost about $4.50  This is the cheapest thing. Looks almost as cheap as those flimsy necklaces that come out of a gumball machine. <end>  Disappointing  I was very excited to order this pendant after reading the reviews and seeing the photo, however after receiving it, I was quite disappointed. I was expecting a detailed piece that as one reviewer described was gorgeous. Instead, I received a piece that looked well, rather cheap to me, not to mention the swarovski crystal which was no more than the size of a chip. I mean it was truly small. Back it went. Too bad. My search for a well made Goddess pendant continues. <end>  Lovely!  Product arrived quickly and is absolutely beautiful. The recipient of this gift was incredibly happy with it. <end>
 B0006OMQ98  Small Sterling Silver 7" Unicorn Fantasy Cham Bracelet ||	  Not the same as the picture  The item delivered does not look the same as the picture. For the price, the item I received is not what I would have expected. You can't even tell they are unicorns. The clasp is completely different. It is not a closing clasp. It is an s shape clasp. I bought this for my 6 year old daughter and wanted the closed clasp so it would not come off or bend. Not the case. I could have done a better job myself. <end>
 B0006OMQLQ  Sterling Silver Siberian Blue Quartz Celtic Knot Pendant ||	  Great!  Great pendant, unique shape. I am very happy to have acquired this pendant, it is one of the most beautiful items I own now. The other one is also acquired from Silver Insanity. <end>
 B0006OT8JO  Sterling Silver Squires Gold Star Armor Ring(Sizes 4,5,5.5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Hmmm  All I can say is that the ring is not like in the picture, but at this price you can't expect to receive something mega cool. I am somewhat pleased with the item except that it's not like in the picture, it has 4 stars, not 3, the symmetry is a little different but, whatever. I now want to buy another one like this because the first one I will give it to my girlfriend, I'll just have 0.5 size bigger and come back with another review, tnx. <end>
 B0006OT8M6  Sterling Silver OM Hindu Prayer Spin Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Nice sterling OM ring!  This ring has the Ranjana script for OM MANI PADME HUM on the spinning inner ring. I received a size 12 (which doesn't seem to be available on the website today!) and for $14 or so it's a nice piece of jewelry. However, be aware that the script is made from a one-sized casting; they just cut and solder it together to fit whatever size outer ring you order. So in my case the OM script repeats almost twice, but they cut and soldered it in the middle of a syllable. I'm not sure what that will do to my karma.  )Bottom line  nice, inexpensive .925 ring! This is the third item I have ordered from Silver Insanity and I am happy with their service also. <end>
 B0006Q21LY  Pontiac Dart Logo 7/8" Pendant - 14KT Gold Jewelry ||	  Good gift with earrings.  My wife has a Poitiac Solstice. For Christmas I bought her the pendant and matching earings. The picture does not show the nice quality and how they shine. I was worried they would look flaky or cheap; they really look nice. They come in box that indicates its GM licensed. It looks best with a little thicker gold chain that you'll have to buy separate. I took the pendant to the jewelry counter and they matched the chain nicely.My wife is a clean freak about her car and does not drive it in rain or heaven forbid snow. In Winter the car is covered for weeks in the garage so dust or the dreaded dog hair does not get on the car. The earings and necklace come out when she misses driving it. They are worn when we go to a car club event or just out on a cruise.Sometimes she fools me when we go out on a Friday night; she'll wear the Pontiac jewelry and I think we are taking her car; then she'll want to go in our Honda rather than have to uncover the Pontiac. I ask her about it and she says "I am a Pontiac person even if I am in a Honda".The expensive stuff that I have bought her over the years stays at home and she wears these things. From the amount of times I have seen my wife wear them, I would say I hit a home run. <end>
 B0006Q3QBS  Anklet - A11 - Crystal Stretch ~ Lt. Sapphire (Blue) ||	  Gorgeous anklets  I purchased 2 Swarovski Crystal Anklets. One in Sapphire and one in Aqua. They both fit perfectly and we both had different size ankles, including one really small ankle. They sparkle and are gorgeous. We are wearing them in a wedding in March. <end>
 B0006SE15Q  Lamia Gothic Forbidden Vampire Bat Pentacle Pendant Necklace ||	  AWESOME NECKLACE!  Here in SF, I found this product to be out of stock at the local Irish gifts shop (the one at Pier 39) and found it here. It was cheaper here online, and I am glad I got it here because although it is an awesome necklace, it is quite cheaply made. They bend easily so be careful. If you can find it any cheaper, all the better! <end>
 B0006SE16U  Gothic Forbidden Sickle of Saule Sun Pendant Necklace ||	  Great Service - Just as Hoped  It's not easy to find a sickle pendant so I truly appreciated this one being offered at such a reasonable price. It was exactly what I'd hoped for. Thank you to Silver Insanity for offering such unusual, unique, thoughtful and quality pieces as well as prompt shipping. <end>
 B0006SE28W  Sterling Silver Orange Carnelian Beaded Chain Necklace ||	  Lovely  O purchased this carnelian necklace to go with some earrings and when they arrived they were a perfect color match which was fortunate because natural stones always very. They are extremely light weight and delicate but not fragile they are well made and excellent value for the price. I shall buy from this company again. The service was excellent <end>
 B0006SJQF6  Heavy Sterling Silver Fantasy MUSHROOM Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Sturdy Ring  This ring is very solid and sturdy, not cheap and bendable. I have worn it while washing dishes, cleaning the house, all types of activities and it is in great shape. I don't like the fake silver metal rings because they turn green and irritate my skin, this one is not that way! I recommend it if you want a unique, attractive, sturdy ring. <end>  Fun, well-made ring  My son is fascinated by fungi of all sorts, and I gave him this ring for his 11th birthday. He absolutely loves it, and it appears quite sturdy and capable of the beating it's bound to take. Very reasonably priced and arrived immediately. <end>  very nice ring  this is a beautiful ring. much shinier then the picture makes it look. the artwork is exquisite with excellent detail and the ring is very comfortable to wear as well. very well made. <end>  Physc  I love this ring it reminds me of the years that i was on acid 24/7. If only i could go back to the good ol days. It's symbolic to me of good memories on drugs, instead of addiction. <end>
 B0006SJRGO  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B0006SJT1W  Sterling Silver Renaissance Amber Armor Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Amber Renaissance Sterling Silver Ring (sz 8)  I absolutely love this ring. The silver is lightweight making it easily worn. The design is remarkable and the photograph does not do enough justice. The stone is as beautiful as I imagined it would be. The sizing ( I ordered an 8 ) was true to the precise fit as compared to my other size 8 rings. The price is absolute in the worth of the ring. When I ordered this ring I was not under any type of false impression that I was going to get *more* for my money's worth. I observed the product considered the price and paid for exactly what I wanted. A low cost magnificent ring with a lovely amber stone in sterling silver with a unique design. That's exactly what I bought and I absolutely love it. I am highly satisfied and it arrived to me from the dealer much quicker then imagined considering I only paid for standard shipping. And to add icing on the cake; everyone is already giving me great compliments!! So I recommend them to come here. Hope this review was straight to the point in helping someone with their purchase. <end>  Great color!  I bought this ring a year ago as a Christmas gift from my grandparents. I knew the silver would be thin and for the price I didn't care. The only thing that bothers me is the stone wiggles like a loose tooth. I know eventually it'll pop out and I'll either buy a new one or get it fixed. Either way, I am in love with this ring and I wear it every day!!!!! <end>  Really Nice and Pretty  I love this ring I have taken it off only one time since I ordered it and that was because I was in costume lol. Definitely a good investment for me I got a 9.5 to wear on my thumb and it fit fine although it does look funny in gloves  ) <end>  THe Ring Looked Nice but the Amber looked like plastic  Generally speaking, the ring was light but that's not a deal breaker because it is being sold for a low price. I loved the ring and fit but I had to return it because the Amber looked fake -plastic like. I returned the ring using delivery tracking and the package was deliverd to silverinsanity. To date, this company has not issued a refund nor have they responded to emails. I emailed to check on the status of my refund and have not heard from them nor have I gotten my money back.Order at your own risk. <end>  sized a bit small  nice ring but order a size up. it wouldn't fit over my knuckle.nice ring though. <end>  An outstanding ring  This ring is a great addion for anyone who is a ring nut like me. Yes,the silver is thin, but if it were heavier the ring wouldn't be so easy to get on an off. I highly recomment Silver Insanity for different and quality rings. Also, the price is right. <end>  Good value  It took only a week to had the ring shipped to Australia, but I must admit that I'm a bit disappointed with the amber stone. It doesn't really look like the one in the picture. It's kind of cloudy. And it's a bit too big (size 8), but I hope to be able to get resized down to a 7.5. It's definitely good value for money though and I'm glad I ordered it! <end>  ring  i love the ring but the sizes arent right i ordered a nine but its to small and I took it to my jewelry store and they said it couldnt be sized so I have to give it to someone else. its a lovely ring but i wasted my money on it. be warned when buying about the size <end>
 B0006SW30Q  Surgical Steel Domed 9mm Wedding Band Ring Tribal Design Cut-out Matte Finish Comfort-Fit, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  buying rings online is just hard. It's either too loose or too tight and you end up wearing on another finger.  buying rings online is just hard. It's either too loose or too tight and you end up wearing on another finger. <end>  buying rings online is just hard. It's either too loose or too tight and you end up wearing on another finger.  buying rings online is just hard. It's either too loose or too tight and you end up wearing on another finger. <end>  buying rings online is just hard. It's either too loose or too tight and you end up wearing on another finger.  buying rings online is just hard. It's either too loose or too tight and you end up wearing on another finger. <end>
 B0006TK3VG  Egyptian Silver "HEALTH LIFE & HAPPINESS" Cartouche - with 18K gold symbols - Open Style Small ||	  Good, but not exactly as pictured  The cartouche is very pretty and true to described size, but the bottom symbol is not a beetle but what I think is a lotus flower. I am still happy with the purchase, but it would have been nice to know exactly what I was getting. <end>
 B0006TLET6  Amazon.com  Dance Pin  Clothing ||	  VERY SATISFIED REPEAT CUSTOMER  I'm a very satisfied repeat customer. The pin is delightful! We bought this one for our niece who will be so excited to receive it. We bought two prior for friends whom we see wear theirs a LOT. Very fast shipping. Excellent value! Highly recommend this product and company! <end>
 B0006U29ZI  French Flag Italian Charm ||	  Merci-Beaucoup  I have been trying to make a bracelet of the different countries I have traveled to and this has helped me complete the set. Product came really, really fast (week ahead of scheduled delivery) and in excellent (new) condition. I would definitely use this seller again. Thank you  ) <end>
 B0006U7V38  4 Leaf Clover Italian Charm ||	  awesome product  this was better than expected. AWESOMEwould do again <end>
 B0006U7VCO  Red Zodiac Sign Pisces Italian Charm ||	  Exactly what I got  What you see is what you get. Product came in exact looking condition as picture, individually packaged, and safely sealed. Mechanical functions are in good shape. All in all I got what I paid for. <end>
 B0006U7VLU  Gold Tennis Racket And Ball Italian Charm ||	  Not that great  The handle part of the tennis racquet lifted up and caught on everything! It finally broke off, now it looks stupid. <end>
 B0006U7Y0S  Italian Charms Laser Mississippi ||	  Mississippi  It's a little boring. The "mississippi" is in fact quite small. Nothing to write home about, but it really was the simplest Mississippi charm available. <end>
 B0006VD24Y  Stainless Steel And Rubber Bracelet ||	  Men's Steel/ Rubber Bracelet  This is a very classy, subtle piece. An excellent buy for the gentleman who is comfortable wearing jewelry. And hopefully, for the one who soon will be. <end>
 B0006YYBR8  Pugster Heart Love Mom Italian Charm Bracelet Gift For Mother ||	  cat charm  i had to get this cat charm because it looks like the cat that I used have. she was so sweet and I had to get it to put with the other charms. iwish I could find some more of these charms. <end>
 B0006YYD0S  Pugster White Cat Photo Face Gift Italian Charm ||	  Beautiful white cat face italian charm  This is a wonderful, unique italian charm of a beautiful white cat face. Really great color and detail. Great price, quality, shipping costs, and delivery. <end>
 B0006ZYQFO  Pretty Diamond-cut Black Hills Gold & Sterling Silver Rose Bud Women's Ring ||	  Beautiful!!!  After 5 years of missing this beautiful ring!! Our oldest daughter accidently flushed my orginal down the drain! It beautiful, doesnt sit too high, and fits great! I love it! Thanks to Amazon.com for such an awesome site! It was a great Valentines gift! <end>  Pretty, Elegant Ring  This ring is everything I expected it to be. It is very pretty, goes with any outfit, stays clean and is easy to take care of. I would recommend this ring to anyone who likes silver and Black Hills gold. <end>
 B000700IQ4  Pretty Black Hills Gold & Sterling Silver Women's Heart Ring Size 4 ||	  Extremely satisfied  Purchased this ring as a gift for my Mother. She said she loves it!! The company did an excellent job with communication, and shipping. It arrived much earlier than we expected. Will definatly order from them again  )) <end>
 B00070MGMI  Stainless Steel Dumbell Barbell 14 gauge by 9/16" ||	  OK  I ORDERED THIS PRODUCT EVEN THOUHT I DID NOT NEED IT, IT WAS PUT IN THE WRONG CATAGORY, TALK TO SELLER, HE WAS NICE. ENDED UP GIVING IT TO MY DAUGHTER WHO HAS PIERCINGS, SHE SAID IT WAS A OKAY PRODUCT. NOT REAL DUMBELLS. CANT GIVE A BAD REVIEW BECAUSE I DONT KNOW THE PRODUCT. <end>
 B00073MOJK  Italian Charms Laser I Love To Dance ||	  Love to Dance Italian Charm  I love this charm- it is one of my favorites. Very well made, easy to add to my Italian charm bracelet. The bold type is easy to read, and makes a fun addition to my charm collection  ) <end>
 B00075EM8E  Pretty! Three Leaf Black Hills Gold /Sterling-Silver Women's Ring ||	  Consistently beautiful.  I ordered 4 of these rings they were so very noticed and so elegantly simple. They arrived right away. Each was was as beautiful as the one before. <end>  Dainty but not to small - great gift for the price!  Upon reading the previous reviews I had hoped the ring would be dainty without being so small I'd regret giving it as a gift. The design itself is delicate but, pleasingly ornate and the silver is a nice alternative to the previous black Hills Gold rings I've given. Both the recipient and myself were very pleased with the purchase. The ring is nestled in a very attractive quality gift box. I would gladly buy this same item again for a gift (or possibly for myself). The service from the merchant was extremely fast. For the price you won't go wrong with this purchase. <end>  Beautiful indeed!  This is a very pretty ring. It is dainty and colorful with the three leaves and grapes. Two leaves are pink and the third is with the greenish tone. I am very pleased with the service and quality of Amazon's quality of BHG. <end>  Blackhills gold ring  I am sorry I overlooked this review. The service was great and merchandise exactly as advertised. Thank you very much! <end>
 B00075MHV8  Sterling Silver Lavender Cubic Zirconia Round Stud Post Earrings ||	  Really Pretty  I got these earrings in 2006, so it's been 4 years now. They're still holding up, still pretty and shiny. The silver is a bit tarnished, but when I put them on it's not really noticeable. They're very gorgeous and you can see them from far away. I just wish the little long bar wasn't so flimsy though. <end>  small  It was really, really small and the color on the site had a variety to colors in it. Once I received them, they were just plain lavender looking. The picture on the site is very deceiving. Usually, most items are but this one was really bad!! <end>
 B000765Z66  18k White Gold Semi-Bezel Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Wonderful setting ... better than the pictures show!  Unfortunately, Amazon only shows one or picture of the actual ring setting. It is from an angle that doesn't really show it off that well. However, the ring is very cleanly made and gorgeous. I bought the thick one that fits up to a 1ct stone. I would recommend to anyone <end>
 B00076601A  14k White Gold 3.5mm Comfort Fit Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Most people don't pay much attention to the setting...  I purchased the ring in conjunction with a solitaire diamond. I always believed the diamond should speak for itself and the ring shoud be simple. This is the case with this ring. When I appraised the stone, the gemologist also verified the gold content of the ring. It proved to be 14k, just as advertised. I was a little apprehensive about purchasing jewelry online, but Amazon has a very easy satisfaction guarantee, and I am completely satisfied. <end>  OUTSTANDING  Very impressed with the quality of my item. Delivery was fast. Would definately buy from this seller again <end>
 B00076D8TW  Pugster White Tiger Italian Charm ||	  did not read the description clearly and product was not what I expected.  However, the white tiger is absolutely beautiful and appears to go on a flat braclet. I have not decided whether to start another braclet or put it on a thin chain for my 6 year old granddaughter. Or I may just convert it into a pin. I was disappointed it was not a pandora bead since it was in that category but it was too beautiful to return. <end>
 B00076EL16  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Nice ring overall  Pros  The ring looks quite nice. My fiancee is very happy with it. A colleague even thought it was from Tiffany's ;).Cons  There's an engraving inside, with the word "amazon". I don't remember it ever being mentioned on their website. So, if you want your own engraving, or simply don't want theirs, buy just the diamond and get it mounted somwhere else. <end>
 B00076ELIO  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  bad inscription inside...  the ring setting is gorgeous.. but it has "AMAZON" written inside.. that totally blews the deal of...we bouthg this ring for my brother in law girlfriend and that really put him down.. it was a great deal, but felt so bad when we saw the inscription inside....Oh well.. <end>
 B00076EM2O  14k White Gold Contour with Ridged Edging Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Picking a Diamond Ring when you have a set budget  Most of us don't have an unlimited budget when it comes to buying an engagement ring. I knew how much I had to spend from the beginning, and buying online really helped when it came to making a decision without the pressure of a sales clerk trying to get you to spend, spend, spend.Having looked into engagement rings on the net for some time, I finally settled on Amazon because (a) they had a H U G E selection of diamonds and (b) their settings were very well priced. I know that people don't like to mix the words "deal", "cheaper", etc with engagement rings, but let me stress that the ring I received is beautiful, and looks every bit the part.How I chose my ring Step one  Choose the setting and subtract the cost from your budget - This will tell you how much you have left for the diamond.I went with the 14k white gold, as I had seen 18k gold and I found it to be quite yellowish. The 14k is a beautiful white silver color, and this setting is very thin and delicate. If your future wife has thin fingers, I would recommend this ring over a wider band that will look clumsier on her hand (my opinion). Also, the thinner the band, the bigger the diamond will look in its setting.Step two  Choose a diamond based on the 4 'C'sThis is where the Amazon diamond selector comes in really useful.The 4 Cs are Cut, Clarity, Colour and Carat.A lot of people believe that bigger is better, but trust me, when it comes to diamonds - it isn't.To narrow down my diamond selection, the first thing I did was choose ranges for the first 3 Cs (a) Clarity - I would recommend SI2/SI1 - This grade of clarity has inclusions that you will see with under 10x magnification. Unless your future wife carries a magnifying glass at all times, you can be pretty sure that noone will be able to see these inclusions....(b) Colour - D-F are considered colourless and can only be told apart by an expert. They are also expensive. G and H are colourless to the untrained eye where I and J have some slight colour (which may be offset by flourescence). Here, I would recommend G or H. You will be getting a diamond which is colourless to the untrained eye.(c) Cut  I would go for Ideal or Very Good. The cut of a diamond determines how the light is reflected and how much the diamond sparkles. A diamond with an ideal cut will look bigger and outshine larger diamonds with an inferior cut.Finally, with the first 3 Cs narrowed down in the amazon diamond selector, I entered my price range and diamond shape (round shape gives you the biggest looking diamond size per carat).On the results page, I -finally- filtered by carat, and chose the biggest carat for the price, having now made sure I was getting an Ideal Cut, G colour, SI2 diamond.Step 3  Add the diamond to your ring, preview and pay. Wait a few days for the delivery man to knock on your door with your beautiful ring.My fianc&eacute;e loved the ring. Her friends loved the ring (most important). I love the ring. <end>
 B00076EMGA  14k Yellow Gold Round Channel-Set Diamond Engagement Ring Setting (1/5 ct tw, J, I1) ||	  Excellent masterpiece!!!!  Very nice ring, it fit the solitary diamond purchased and looks great.... it calls the attention but is discrete, which was the original intent of it. <end>
 B00076TR60  Sterling Silver Pink Imitation Pearl Crystal Rondelle Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very pretty!  I bought these for my bridesmaids along with the matching bracelet! I love them. They appear slightly darker online than they do in actuality-- it is good that they are slightly lighter as they match the bracelet perfectly. They shipped quickly-- the boxes were slightly dented but I do not plan on using them anyway. Would definitely purchase again. <end>
 B00077VDAC  Peridot & Marcasite Necklace (length  16") ||	  Happy with this item  I bought this with the matching earrings. It was the same size as the earrings. I was hoping it would be a little bigger than it was. Other than that, it is a nice quality piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000782WP6  Earspiral Earrings C361XSGF 14K Gold-filled ||	  beautiful and unique, but small  The length of the earspirals are a little shorter than expected but they are really pretty! when I got them and held them in my hands, THEN I appreciated just how special and unique they really are, but buyer beware that they can seem a little bit smaller than I anticipated; they are almost like a piece of wire that has been crafted and twisted into a unique shape. I suggest browsing their website [...] to get a more accurate idea of the length and their other unique earspiral varieties. <end>  Love them!  I expected these to be a bit bigger, but am now happy with the size. It does take a bit of learning curve to figure out how to get them off (no problem getting them on), but once you get the hang of it, they're great. And you never have to worry about losing them. Very pretty and unique! <end>  very cool  I was looking for some unique but simple earrings for quite a while when I saw these on amazon. After reading other reviews I was a bit worried about the ease of getting them on and off. I am pleased to say that after the first couple of times of wearing them I got the hang of it, it is very simple now. I really love them and wear them all the time. <end>  Unique  I like these earrings because they are unique and comfortable. The only problem I had was getting them in and out. It's a little tricky with the swirls and the whirls took a little coordination. But still like them. <end>  a miss  the earrings are very unsubstantial, and do not glisten as shown on picture, anyone want to buy my pair?would send cheap. <end>  JUST WHAT I WANTED  I was looking for earings I could put on and wear and not have to worry about. These fit the bill. These are beautiful if your dressed up or down. I sleep in them and they are comfortable. These are beautiful on and they are not too long or too short. Everything I wanted are all in these earings. I had to have my ears repierced due to a lot of years of being on the phone. If I had these before I would have been fine. Without the post and the back it would not have pulled my pierceing down so far. Now I want to decide which of the other styles they offer I want to choose next. I originally thought that the threaders were the answer and I do like them but these are even better. You won't be disappointed if you order these. <end>  Earspiral Earrings C361XSGF 14K Gold filled  The earrings are just the right size for me. I agree, however on a larger woman they might seem small especially if you are used to larger hoops or dangling earrings. The first time I put them in was a real struggle to remove them. Not bad at all now that I've had practice. <end>  Ear spiral Earrings 14 k gold filled  Bought these for my mom for Christmas and we were both pleased! Earrings are unique and timeless! Also, they arrived in a cute pink box. <end>  Great  These earrings are unique and very different from anything else you normally see. They are delicate and catch the light given the curvy surfaces. Great price too. <end>  unique  product is very unique. easy to put on and take off. on the small side though. it could be a little longer. <end>  Awesome  First time buyer of this product and I was very impressed. Great selection of new style of earrings, dare to be different! <end>  Spirals  They are a bit hard to get in but I like them. Very nice and different. People comment on them because they are different. <end>
 B00078K1TA  Pugster I Heart Decorating & Love Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  decorating charm  just what i needed for mothers charm braclet, shipped neatly and very fast. product very nice and im very satisfied................ <end>  FAB CHARMS !  They make great semi-personalized gifts ! Inexpensive, neat and clean. Crisp and clean! No caffeine; never had it; never will ! <end>
 B00078K21M  Pugster Cute Empress Monarch Silver Flying Butterfly Winged Clear White And Black Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Rhinestone Brooches And Pins ||	  Phoenix Brooch  This is not the brooch that I ordered. The one that I rec'd, gold and pink was just fine for wearing on blouses or dresses. <end>
 B00078XP16  5.66 TCW Princess-Cut Purple Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Cocktail Ring Sizes 7-12 ||	  a fun cocktail ring  This ring feels like an attractive high-end cocktail design, and is fun for that purpose. I wouldn't necessarily wear it in daytime. The center stone is HUGE and kind of defines it as a fun cocktail choice but not necessarily serious daily jewelery. But the stone setting is secure and the overall look is tasteful. I really like the corkscrew CZ front (it's brought together into one thick piece at the back). <end>
 B00078ZMQC  Swarovski Crystal Double Gem Belly Button Ring ||	  fabulous!!!  heya im onli 12 and i just had mi belly button dun yeaterday!! it s lukz kwl i got tht belly bar but instead of it being silver its pink! i think tht barz kwl and u shud all deffo get 1 wiv a coloured stone at the top aswel it lukz amazing!!!! GET UR BELLYZ DUN! IT DUNT HURT HEHE! ) lv gabz xxxxxxxxxxxx <end>  gr8e type  He so I'm the first to review this ay? Well I myself would never ever ever ever get a belly piercing so I heard this from my friend. A friend of mine recently searched for paris hilton collection items and this one turned out to suit her the most! It was pretty small , suitable for a tanned body and really cheap!!!!!!! So guess what since its winter back in Aus she's still wearing this priceless belly button ring under her clothes and its hypo allergic my friend says. Its really good and nothing has fallen out.....yet since it's kinda small but I'm jealous! It's really good. It stands out <end>
 B0007A3TDS  Aurora Barbell Tongue Ring MADE WITH SWAROVSKI ELEMENTS ||	  It's OK...  Well, the coloration is a bit exaggerated than what I received. It was yellowy and not the "Aurora" shade displayed on this and other Swarovski crystal items that had the "Aurora" stone.Not only was it exaggerated but it actually faded. I'm suspecting the color came off with mouthwash and I would recommend buying gem piercings with non-painted stones. The trouble is not being able to tell what is painted or not... <end>
 B0007A56AM  14K white gold 1.5ct tw cubic zirconia round three stone ring ||	  Beautiful Ring!  I just received my ring and I absolutely love it! It took a couple of weeks to get because they hand cut the stones and hand set each ring. The stones sparkle like diamonds and it looks very expensive. <end>
 B0007A56BQ  14K white gold 1.5ct tw cubic zirconia round three stone ring ||	  Beautiful Ring!  I just received my ring and I absolutely love it! It took a couple of weeks to get because they hand cut the stones and hand set each ring. The stones sparkle like diamonds and it looks very expensive. <end>
 B0007CIWP6  X - Reversible Lapis Mosaic Bracelet ||	  Looks like it does online  I ordered this bracelet because I love lapis jewelry. This bracelet looks great and was reasonably priced. Would even buy another as a gift. <end>
 B0007CK664  Connoisseurs Jewelry DRY Disposable Wipes 25's ||	  Pleasantly surprised  The product is easy to use plus one sheet lasts a long time. I am going to buy several to use as gifts. <end>  good deal  Good d e a l, s h i p p i n g and d e l i v e r y <end>  It works, fast and convenient  I had a couple of silver pendants and rings (with stones, complicated details and shapes) that were so badly tarnished that they were black. 2 minutes after starting to wipe 'em, they were totally shinny and alive, a real resurrection! No more liquid products, mess and waste of time to get jewelry looks like new anymore. Small wipes, got black on my fingers also after use, but for the price and the convenience, it's a 5 star choice. <end>  extraordinary  I just love it because you do not have to rinse it out, so it is perfect for silver framesIts exactly what I was looking for! <end>  Convenient and Effective!  I purchased these wipes for a sterling silver necklace that tarnished after I wore the necklace in a heavily chlorinated pool. They worked great! They are completely dry and easy to use. Simply rub your jewelry with the towelette. I prefer these dry wipes over the liquid cleaner because they make less mess and I don't have to buy a jewelry cleaning cloth. <end>  Jewelry Wipes  I wear a lot of silver jewelry with stones in them that can not be cleaned with regular silver jewelry cleaner. I used these wipes a few years ago and absolutely loved them! I couldn't remember the name of them, so when I finally found them, at the price they were, I had to buy them!!! They came on time and work just the way I remember. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Great Product!  It's a great product. It really works. I just don't like it leaves some white powdery things on my fingers. <end>  Hands Down The BEST Jewelry Cleaner On The Planet.  A born lover of Silver, I've been collecting it for over thirty years. For a few years I sold Silver and Gold Jewelry on eBay as a past time which quickly grew into a business to large for me to handle. The selling stopped but my love of fine jewelry has always remained and I suppose always will.Having tried virtually every cleaning and polishing cloth, solution, paste and Ultra sonic cleaners - I can tell you that nothing and I mean nothing does such a remarkable job as the Connoisseurs cleaning clothes.The results are jaw dropping, fast and remarkable. Regardless of how tarnished a piece is, it's left gleaming in your hands in a matter of minutes. Unlike other and harsher products a thin outer layer of precious metal isn't buffed off. Only the grime and tarnish are removed so there are no worries of compromising the integrity and value of your jewelry over time.What is more it's equally effective on stones and gems - the soft clothes leave absolutely no threads or fuzz behind and they get into all the nooks of even the most intricate and complex designs. The protective costing it leaves behind means you'll have to clean your pieces less often. Although once you see the results, you'll find yourself polishing things more often then you ever thought you would want too.More than a cleaning cloth - this is an investment in your jewelry. Simply a wonderful product that does an outstanding job. <end>  Okay, but not earth shattering  I have used these a few times and find them adequate if not stellar. They are small and they do sort of release a lot of powder when you first pull one out of the tub. The tub isn't super functional, but they do work reasonably well. They are no match for doing the job "right" with polish and whatnot, but are good in a pinch. I will likely keep some of these around for those morning rush jobs. <end>  Great Product for Cleaning/ Polishing Silver Pens  I purchase this product to maintain my collection of Sterling Silver pens. Sheets are a convenient size for polishing and the process requires no water which is very important in the cleaning of fine pens. I have used this product for several years and have never found one better for my needs. <end>  Works great!  When I first got this jar, I kept getting the urge to wet down the wipes (they are supposed to be dry). I think I'm just so use to wipes in these kinds of containers to be wet and heavy. I had a pair of silver earrings that had tarnished very badly and were in much need of some TLC. I pulled out a wipe and rubbed the earrings down with it. These wipes even removed the tarnish in the delicate hinge areas. The size of the wipes is not very big, but you don't need a huge one to get the job done. One single wipe will go a long way.Works perfect, 5 Stars all the way! <end>  This Is What I Use Although I Have Liquid Cleaners Too  I am way too much of a non-neatnik to get obsessed over jewelry cleaning. So I bought the super duper liquid versions of this product with the brush and the basket. I used it once, put it away and haven't touched it again. Too much work. These, 25 Connoisseurs Jewelry Wipes, on the other hand, are for those who want clean jewelry with next to no work. They are completely dry so it is impossible to make a mess. You simply pull out a wipe, rub it on the jewelry and you are done. Your jewelry is now clean. If you look at the wipe you will see dark marks which are the dirt particles which were on your jewelry. Rings are my favorite jewelry and these are especially great for rings. <end>  These are just THE BEST!  Great for cleaning silver and jewelry quickly and easily without using silver polish. One cloth goes a long way. <end>  Item NOT the one in the picture; less than 1/2 the material  I know a prior reviewer said that the item received was not the one in the picture. However, I did not realize that the wipe pieces would be so much smaller than the ones that would come in the pictured container. I'd previously owned the set of wipes in the pictured container, and I figured that even if the item I receive isn't exactly the same, it would be somewhat comparable. The 2 items are very different. The pictured container would give you wipe pieces that are about 2.7 inches by 6 inches. What I received contained wipes that are 2.5 inches by 2.5 inches. Less than half of the material that I should have received! I didn't realize this seller was being so deceitful by using this picture.Having said that, I think the wipes themselves work fine. I haven't tried the new container, but the wipes I owned before (which were of the same brand) worked well for me. I'm just annoyed that I got so much less than what I thought I was paying for. <end>  Terrific  If you've never used this product and are looking for an amazing, easy, silver cleaner, try this one. I've used many different silver cleaners but this is mye favorite (in any size). <end>  Miracle cleaner- It's the best and so easy to use and fast!  I have been using Connoisseurs Jewelry Wipes for years. They are hard to find in stores, but thee product works. I make an extra effort to find them. The Wipes clean on all my jewelry, silver, gold, stones, costume jewelry. It wipes away the tarnish on my silver in seconds and it looks like new. Try it, you'll love it! <end>  Quick, easy and effective.  It completely grosses you out when you see all the crud you have been wearing around that these handy little wipes easily polish off. My silver is brilliant after I use these. I love this product! <end>  works, but you can do it for free yourself  These dry wipes work, but they are teeny tiny and unnecessary for the most part since you can make a silver cleaning bath yourself. Here is how to do it  Put aluminum foil in a bowl or glass. Pour baking soda and kitchen salt (ration is irrelevant). Pour very hot (but not boiling) water in the glass. you will witness a fun chemical reaction. Now you have a silver cleaning bath. Place your jewelry in it. I have a silver ring with a fake diamond and it cleaned it in no time. The fake stone is fine. I also cleaned a charm with mother of pearl in it and it looks great. So although I like these wipes I see no reason to purchase them when I can do it for free.If you are interested in chemistry, here is what is going on when your silver jewelry is taking this little "bath" Silver sulfide is the stuff that makes your silver look grayish over time. This process is called oxidation. When immersed in the baking soda/salt solution, the aluminum reacts with the silver sulfide, pulling the sulphur atoms out and "plating" them onto the aluminum as aluminum sulfide. The silver that remains from the reaction is redeposited onto the silver. <end>  You will NOT receive the container showed in the photo  The wipes are like sand-paper, but for jewelry, keeping the proportions of course. I mean, these are very small wipes (2,5 x 2,5 aprox.) rougher than regular tissues paper..... that's all. I suppose it can work if you want to do a light clean in your jewelry. But I truly dislike when the companies send you a different product than the specified. In this case, you are NOT going to receive a container where you can remove the papers as tissues. You are just going to receive a small Connoisseurs container where you have to open it and remove each paper one by one. For me this is not a problem, but just to let you know my experience. <end>  Small Polishing Clothes  Polishing Cloth - Silver (11" x 14")The cloths are small, work only so-so and are a little difficult to manage. The most useful thing about these cloths is that you can pull them up like Tissues. However, you can't pull them up too high because you have to still shut the lid in order to keep the unused cloths from drying out. This balancing act was somewhat difficult. The cloths are on the small side and work only so-so in cleaning silver. Unless you have only small items to polish, I would not recommend these. <end>  Works well  Works very well. I would recommend this product for silver and costume jewelry. My polished jewelry came out sparkling clean afterwards. <end>  Woops I meant to buy the liquid solution  I tried to surprise my wife with how thoughtful I am and replace her old jewelry cleaning solution (she loved it, it worked great - same brand as this one - we didn't bring it w/ us when we moved). Anyway I bought this by mistake, not worth it to return.. we haven't really found a use for it yet, so it's just sitting in our cabinet taking up space. <end>  Nah, not that good  Got this off a reviewer of anti-tarnish strips. She said that she polishes her jewelry with these wipes, then snugs them away with the strips. Well...using these wipes sounded easy but it is not easier than any other decent silver/metal polish. I had to rub with my fingers til they hurt and were black and powdery yucky...and we're not talking heavy tarnish.I have several other polishers, some of which contain anti-tarnish in them. I was looking for something easier and maybe less messy than liquid polishers. But this is certainly not easier, and not better, so I prefer to polish with the ones which contain anti-tarnish.I also use the anti-tarnish strips too, especially for small pieces, but they have to be replaced periodically.Probably would not buy again <end>  Great Item  Works great - easy to use. I was able to use many different items with one cloth - a real cost savings. <end>  Connoisseurs Jewelry Wipes  It was every thing that we expected. It cleans our Silver and metals just like a professional would, except we do the work. It does not take much rubbing to get clean. <end>  Good product  Works great but I think it is cheaper if you buy in a department store. I did not notice that until after I bought it. <end>  These are the best!  This product is so wonderful. So much better than the polishing gloves, as they get black and nasty after just cleaning one piece of jewelry. I have really liked how these wipes work and they do a wonderful job as well. <end>  Lucy  These work great for jewelry with small places. Instant shine. I've been hunting these down for some time now. Nice product <end>  Great and Easy Jewelry Wipes  This is a very not time consuming product, and it works great. Have your jewelry looking great in no time at all!!!! I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  They are like they imply dry wipes.  I thought they wouldnt do the job. But after I purchased these wipes and used them on my diamond in sterling silver studs they made them shine like new!!!!! <end>  Excellent Product!  I bought this product with the desire to remove tarnish from a sterling silver bracelet that I hadn't worn in years. The bracelet was heavily tarnished and had small detail areas. With the wipes I rubbed the bracelet everywhere there was tarnish, and in some places it took longer but all of the tarnish came off! It was amazing. These wipes are dry but they do an excellent job without any mess. I did get some residue on my fingers but I washed it right off. I would definitely buy this product again it is so quick and easy and definitely adds a nice shine to your jewelry. <end>  Very pleased, works great  Just cleaned 4 pieces of silver jewelry with these wipes and am very happy with this purchase. Very easy to use! A friend also shined up his gold ring with one and it really cleaned it well. Highly recommend for all those rings, necklaces and bracelets you aren't wearing just because they need to be cleaned. This product will do it with minimal effort on your part. <end>  Anti-tarnish?  WOW! I am so impressed. I needed something for polishing a very tarnished small silver locket, and thought that buying a jar of liquid/gel polish would be overkill. These wipes turned out to be perfect. My locket was clean and shiny in less than a minute. I didn't have to deal with any mess or corrosive material. The best thing was that I didn't need to remove the photos from the fiddly little locket.I read the reviews before buying this product, so I was aware that the I would receive a smaller product than advertised. Mine was a small flat case with the 25 wipes of dimensions 2 7/8 in by 3 5/8 in (7.6 cm by 9.2 cm). Incorrect advertising is of course disappointing, but the size is perfect for my locket so I'm still giving it 5 stars.EDIT I have modified my review to 3 stars because I'm not seeing the anti-tarnish effects claimed in the descriptions. My silver locket (with 925 stamp) lost its luster within about 4 days and became visibly tarnished after 2 weeks. I would have expected the "anti-tarnish shield" to be a bit better than that. <end>  Works great!  These little wipes work surprisingly well! I have tried other tarnish-cleaning cloths, but these work much better. I was surprised at how quickly and beautifully they polished my moderately tarnished silver pieces. Just note that for pieces with small crevices you will need a liquid cleaner. <end>  Amazing product  First of all, the case is flat and does not look like the one in the picture. BUT the wipes are amazing! They work so well! They cleaned up my Tiffanys jewelry and it looks brand new again! I will continue to buy these wipes! <end>  WORKS GREAT  These wipes work great. Although they're relatively small, each one can get plenty of polishing done, and I love that I can just throw each one away when I'm done. I use them to polish a silver ring that I wear every day, and they work incredibly well - I never realized my ring could/should have been so shiny!! Highly recommend. <end>  Amazing, Easy, and Cheap!  I bought these to clean my silver Pandora bracelet that I have been wearing for a month straight. It is shiny and new in under 10 minutes. Charms and all. This was a very simple and effective way to clean my bracelet without having to take the charms off or get them wet. No mess! I think these are just wonderful.  -) <end>  Best product on the market to clean jewelry.  I had used this product several years ago but could not find it in any store. I was happy to find it on line. It works as well as it did years ago. <end>  Keep Looking  Not as good as I would have liked. I can see the tarnish on the cloth but the jewelry did show much difference. I rather keep looking arounduntil I find something better. Sorry. <end>  Great for dust and dirt, doesn't work on actual tarnish  These dry wipes are, on the positive, safe and easy to use. But if you have real silver, you need to know that they don't touch the black tarnish that mars real silver. They're great for dust and dirt and brighten the cheaper jewelry, but I still haven't found a better way to clean silver than the old fashioned, messy, toxic way. <end>  I was impressed  I tried one of these wipes at a friend's house. I had brought over a vintage DAR pin that had a bit of tarnish on it. My friend had a container of Connoisseurs Jewelry Wipes and went to work. The pin looked like new in just a few minutes. She gave me a couple of the wipes "for the road," and I cleaned silver jewelry that I had not worn in months. I had balked at using tarnish cream or other messy solutions. The wipes made having a drawer of gleaming silver jewelry possible with a minimal amount of effort. I will be buying a container of these for myself now. <end>  Impressive polishing job for my tarnished sterling silver jewelry!  I neglected my silver jewelry for too long and a few were VERY black and tarnished.First, I dunked the silver into baking soda/salt dissolved in hot water in a plate of aluminum foil to help lessen the tarnish but after several attempts, it was still dull and dark in spots.The wipes came to the rescue! My silver pendant looks shiny and new after just 1 wipe and it helps get into the small nooks and corners. I am very satisfied and happy with the product! Highly recommended. <end>  Great for travel!  These jewelry wipes are great for travel, or any time. I gave some last year for Christmas stockings and had a request for more this year. <end>  It Cleans Well But . . .  These wipes do clean sterling silver and gold pretty well. A few hard rubs and my jewelry was clean and shiney. But it is a dirty process for the one who is doing the cleaning. I got quite a bit of grey stain on my hands each and every time I cleaned jewelry.The clothes are strong and a decent size, but it is messy. I also had a hard time getting into crevices of jewelry.In the past, I used a sterling silver cleaning agent with bad results. It took the luster off the real stone, so this time I thought I would try the cloths. I wouldn't go back to the cleaning agent without a guarantee that it wouldn't rub off the luster of real stones.I'd rather have dirty hands to wash if it means I keep the jewelry in tact. <end>  works!  i was afraid to use it on my fine jewelry in case it would actually harm them. i tested it on a dull necklace that i got on sale and it looked brand new! super shiny and so easily too! i also shined an old silver jewelry case of mine with a wipe, and now i can see my reflection in it. eventually i gathered the courage and used it on my prized tiffany necklace and i'm so glad! it's bright, clear, and shiny again! i'd definitely recommend this product! <end>  Quick and efficient  Perfect for what I need! Whenever I want to brighten up my jewelry, I rub them with these wipes and the rust comes right off. Easy and effective! One wipe goes a long way. I'll definitely be re-purchasing once I run out. <end>  Works like others have said!  As other reviewers have stated, this product works as advertised. The sheets may be dry, but they took the tarnish right of my fiance's Tiffany necklace without much effort and the necklace looks shinny and new! <end>  Eagerly awaited  I have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of these jewelry wipes to see if they are the solution to cleaning up my Pandora bracelets so that they are clean of a days grease and grime when they return to the box which is their home. Indeed these are wonderul. They arrived after 5 days. I immediately opened them and was amazed to see that they were dry and filled with a powdered coating. It does say "Dry" on the bottle but that is too small to see in the picture. I tried them first on a pair of large blue topaz earrings I was wearing. They had been worn too many times without cleaning and had lost their sparkle. It returned in just a few seconds of wiping. Then for a harder challenge  the dreaded pandora bracelet with sterling silver charms, silver clad charms, and glass beads plus a long bracelet with a blackened clasp. It took me 7 minutes to wipe my various charms and beads down, but in the end, all were sparking including the bracelet. The bracelet will now go to its drawer with an anti-tarnish strip in it and all will be cleaned up until next where when it will require just a swipe with the wipe to return the bracelet to its beauty. The wipe still had some powder left, so I tentatively wiped off my computer keys and around the screen just for good measure and they too cleaned all up. Well, it was a good day at the cleaning factory. Hope you have great success with these like I did!2"x7" Non-Abrasive Anti-Tarnish Strips <end>  Great little wipes  Got these this weekend and used to clean a new pair of sterling silver and mother of pearl cufflinks, another set of silver cufflinks and a silver and onyx bracelet. Managed to use only one wipe to wipe all of these to a glimmering shine! <end>  Best product I've found for jewelry  I sell a lot of jewelry at my store and do not usually promote any particular cleaners. However, this dry polishing cloth, is the greatest idea since the automobile tire. It takes a lickin and keeps on ticken. I've not only used it successfully, but have recommended it to several of my customers as well. <end>  Best jewelry wipes out there  They work miracles. Magically make your silver jewelry shiny, brand-new-looking and the're good for stones, too. Of course, it's a little hardto get into holes and curves, but still, the're absolutely best. <end>  Connoisseurs Jewelry Wipes  Connoisseurs Jewelry Wipes are the best product out there if you wear sterling silver jewelry. They polish it to a brilliant shine and each time, my jewelry looks brand new. These are hard to find in the stores. I am glad I found them here. <end>  great stuff  This stuff works Great! Never thought this would be that good ,but was really surprised ! my silver rings sparkle like new! I will keep a box of these in my house forever. <end>  dry wipes  A friend recommended this product. i was looking for an easier way to clean sterling than the jeweler's cloth i had been using. i don't see where this product was any better than the cloth, and it's disposable. i'll stick with my cloth. <end>  The Most Remarkable Gold And Silver Polishing Method Ever  I collect old porcelain. Some pieces are 100 years old and many have gold decoration - gold patterns, gold rims, gold lettering. Although we are told that gold does not tarnish - it does. So on hundreds of my pieces (yes hundreds) the gold was dull and, on some pieces, discolored with a reddish deposit. I have never been able to find anything that would polish the gold. Then, I discovered these. Not knowing what to expect, I tried my first wipe. It took some effort and my fingers got black, but the gold, even on 100 year old pieces shines like new. On some pieces parts of the gold have been scratched away by previous owners desperate to polish it and finding it impossible. What a shame that they did not have these wipes Now I look forward to the satisfaction of using the wipes. And wait, I had a sterling silver 1939 New York World's Fair spoon that was dark gray and black with tarnish. For years and years I had tried polishing it with Goddard's Silver paste polish. No help. Just out of idle curiosity, I tried one of the wipes. With almost no effort or pressure the spoon is now as bright and shiny as new.The only negative is that Connoisseurs has reduced the size of the wipes from 2.7 inches x 5 inches to 2 7/8 inches x 3 5/8 inches and has changed the packaging from a convenient pull out one wipe at a time container to a flat pull them apart container. <end>  works great  The best thing I've found for quickly and easily cleaning and polishing my silver jewelry, and small...I keep a sheet in my suitcase all the time. <end>  Works great.  I have tried other type jewelry cloths, but these work more quickly and easily and leave silver jewelry sparkling. Note, It is good to rinse off your jewelry after you have cleaned it with the cloth to remove the &#34;tarnish&#34; from the item. I especially like these easy to use cloths for quick clean up on rings to make them sparkle. I have also used them to clean my watch face and band and various broaches and pins, hair barrettes, and nick nacks. Most of my jewelry is silver so I have not tried these on gold jewelry. <end>  Connoisseurs Jewelry Wipes Do The Job!  I love these Jewelry Wipes. I was skeptical when I ordered them, but they are the best! I even reused one (I had to remind myself they are DRY) and it still cleaned my earrings. I would recommend these to anyone who wants their jewelry cleaned in a hurry (or anyone who wants to clean small silver items). Don't hesitate to order these; they work, they are great value for the money. <end>  WOW!! Works on EVERYTHING!  I have silver, white gold, and gemstone jewelry that needs constant cleaning, and these work! WOW!!! back to looking like new in seconds- will definitely re-order! <end>  Gently Cleans Delicate Jewelry  I used to be able to purchase this item at the local &#34;discount&#34; store, but as usually is the case, as soon as they find out I like it, they quite selling it! I love these wipes because they clean away dirt and oils from gold as well as silver, from any metal for that matter. I looked everywhere for these wipes and wouldn't you know, I found them at trusty old Amazon.com, and thank God for that. I recommend this product for anyone who would like to shine up any metal jewelry, it really works. <end>
 B0007D69S2  Sterling Silver Pink Crystal 1mm Omega Chain Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Satisfied Bride  I purchased 5 of these for my bridesmaids. The chain is very good quality, and sturdy silver. The crystal cluster is also very nice and held together with clear, sturdy string. They come separated for you to put together yourself, which could allow for you to use the chain for mulitple charms. This also allows the cluster to slide along the chain, and it's inserted per gaps allowed in the center of each side of the cluster. The cluster is also larger than it looks on the website, and is a good size. This still worked for me since my girls are wearing strapless dresses, though. I would recommend this necklace, but be sure you aren't looking for something very small and simple for an already busy outfit. The different colors in the cluster are also very nice, so the pink isn't too strong. <end>  Beautiful Sparkle!  [[ASIN B00076QG32 Austrian Pink Swarovski Crystal Slide with 1 MM Italian Omega Sterling Silver Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" Necklace]. This necklace is perfect for a formal, dressy outfit or for a more casual outfit. It is just the right size to go with anything to add a bit of brillant sparkle. I like the size of the crystal beads, not too large and not too small. This necklace looks like it should cost more. I bought the 22" and have gotten many compliments about it. I also bought the matching bracelet. I have actually planned to wear certain clothes just so I can wear these! <end>
 B0007DCMP6  Amazon.com  L.E.D. Glowing Crystal Necklace-White Lightening  Clothing ||	  Love, love, love it!  I purchased the 19" white crystal and absolutely love it. I have received many compliments on it. It is truly a unique piece with simple elegance. <end>
 B0007DDP1Q  Slide Show Bracelet ||	  Unique bracelets  I own several Carolyn Forsman slide show bracelets. I love the themes of the bracelets and they are both classy and casual at the same time. One of my favorite bracelets was damaged, but after contacting Ms Forsman, she sent a replacement panel quickly. I highly recommend these bracelets as a gift for anyone who is fashionable/trendy or anyone who loves unique jewelry. <end>  Grand daughter loved it!  I purchased this as a surprise gift and my grand daughter loved it. Very cool! <end>  Better than I imagined!  Order shipped quickly, the bracelet is very nice! I love the unique style of these bracelets! I picked the Zodiac as my first, and I can't take it off! Will be buying plenty more in the future! <end>
 B0007KI51Y  Sterling Silver Weaving Six Band Puzzle Ring Size 5.5(Size 6,7,8,9) ||	  VERY different from the picture shown  I have owned several puzzle rings in the past as well as purchased items from this seller before. I would simply warn you to be very careful about purchasing an item from them (as I will be very careful in the future- if I ever do purchase from them again). My husband purchased this ring for me for Christmas at my hinting and prodding. We were NOT pleased when we saw the condition of the ring on arrival. It's appearence and overall design was VERY DIFFERENT FROM THE PICTURE THEY HAVE SHOWN. The bands were very thin and flimsy- not a good characteristic to have if it is a puzzle ring. Especially in a soft metal- like silver  thin bands can easily be bent. If they do become bent - the puzzle will not be able to be put back together again. BE CAREFUL- LOW QUALITY, DECEIVING PICTURE! <end>  Christmas Surprise  As the lady described above I also was disappointed in the ring! It is a beautiful ring when it is together but the bands are so thin that they bent while I was wearing it (before I even was able to take it apart). I am extremely thin so I don't have fat fingers as described above and the ring was extremely hard to reassemble! Especially since there were no directions provided with my ring. The silver is not pure .925 silver. I am highly allergic to metals that are not pure .925 or 14K gold so I was disappointed with the quality to say the least! I have purchased other items from this seller and the same thing happened with them also. So I have jewelry that I am unable to wear! The silver is also tarnishing rapidly! I have been unable to clean it with silver cleaner. I am very disappointed with the quality of silver of my items!I have other jewelry that is .925 silver and have been wearing it for a decade and it has not tarnished, bent and it is not flimsy at all! I love .925 silver and have a hard time purchasing it as it is rare to find. I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news but I would not purchase this or any other item from this seller and would not have kept this ring but it was a Christmas gift from my husband so I am keeping it because of him! <end>  That previous lady doesn't know what she is talking about  My mother in law purchased this ring off my wish list, and it is just what the picture displays. It is actually more of a unique puzzle ring than most of the puzzle rings out there, because it is a 6 band ring that puzzles together like a 4 band - which is rare. I'm not sure what picture the lady before was looking at but the picture above is exactly what I received, and one of the reasons I purchased it is I do love silver. Any thicker bands would be uncomfortably large, and would make the ring gaudy looking. This is a simply beautiful piece that I enjoy. That lady with the negative review really needs to be more careful with her jewelry if she is bending the bands out of shape. Sure the directions are frustrating to understand, and you may need several tries to get it together right. If it were easy - no one would want puzzle rings. So stop complaining how your fat fingers couldn't get the ring together right so you bent the metal until it wouldn't go together anymore anyway. It's jewelry, and this piece is beautiful. I would recommend it to everyone - but if you don't buy it, that's okay too - it just makes mine that much more unique. <end>
 B0007KMUUQ  Sterling Silver 5mm Wedding Band Ring Size 5 to 14 ||	  Great ring  This ring is just what I wanted. It is also just as described. Looks great on my hand. I bought one that is much thinner and it just didn't look right. I am very satisfied. <end>  It is a good ring  The ring came with a gift box which was really cute. It lookes good except it was a little big for my husband but we both like it. <end>  silver ring .925 5mm band  This is a surprisingly nice ring. I have always preferred silver to gold and this ring, for its price, for an even higher price for that matter, is a great choice. I have had several compliments on it. It is a masculine, finely made yet simple silver band. It's comfortable and strong. I am quite surprised it's only $10. I could have spent $30 on it and still been just as satisfied with it.5 stars. Went beyond my expectation. <end>  Nice weight, smooth cut, great value  This ring was a replacement for a lost treasure. It had a wonderful weight - you knew you were wearing it without being too heavy. Beautiful finish and accurate sizing. Couldn't ask for more. <end>  Rings  Beautiful rings, exactly what was shown in the picture, but the size was a little off. <end>  s/s Ring  Item as shown. Granddaughter wanted to go with other silver rings. She loves it. It's very pretty. <end>  Quality and low price  When I ordered this ring I didn't expect the quality with such a reasonable price. The size was exactly as expected. I would definitely order from Gem Avenue again. <end>  Great Customer Service  This is a good ring if you need an inexpensive version of a wedding band. I bought it when my fingers were still swollen postpartum. The ring does run a bit small so order up to 1 size larger than you normally wear. It does scratch easily but still looks goodGem Avenue also has great customer service -- the ring I got had a slight scratch and they replaced it immediately no questions asked. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This is a nice, heavy ring and it is beautiful! I am very pleased with it! <end>  Great Ring  Great Ring with amazing shipping time. I purchased this ring to wear as a "camp" alternative when I go out in the wilderness and don't want to wear my engagement ring/wedding band assortment. I figured this would be a great alternative and it is just what I was looking for. Ring has a nice luster to it and sizing is pretty accurate. You won't be disappointed! <end>  Rip Off  This ring did look real but as soon as my husband got into shower with it on it turned and faded. I feel cheated because no where in the discription did it say that it was not real silver. Do not buy from this seller.Sterling Silver 5 MM Wide Plain Band Ring <end>  nice mans ring  i bought this for a gift it is very good price for the quality looks greatwould recomend this to anyone <end>  Very Satisfied  Just got the ring today and I love it! It's a nice, solid ring without being obtrusive. The band shaping seems a little more convex than that shown in the picture, which I think looks better anyway.Correct size, excellent fit, and came packaged in a cute little gift box. The delivery to Canada was much faster than I expected, with no problems.Overall, I am exceptionally pleased and will be ordering from this company again. <end>  Order .5 size BIGGER!  I bought this to replace my engagement ring at work - an environment that isn't prong or diamond friendly. My setting is average width, I think, and though the band I bought seems to be a size 5, because it is so thick it feels too small.BUY a half size bigger than you think you need! <end>  Good Quality Wedding Band  The product is exactly as portrayed in the pictures and descriptions. Price is good (including shipping). I purchased this specific ring because of the finish, the reviews for it, and although my ring size is 10.5, I can wear a size 10 ring up to 5 mm width. I purchased two rings (one as a spare); both products arrived within a week. They fit well and the finish is reasonably durable (for sterling silver). <end>  Great Ring for the Money  I got this ring for a thumb ring works great for that. can't beat the price for a nice sliver ring. If you are going to wear silver rings like this one or other types its always good to get a polishing cloth.Sunshine Polishing Cloth. <end>  Good product  It's beautiful, but i god the wrong size, i sent to the jewelery to fix the problem, now it's perfect <end>  great for the price  It's not perfect (could see the seam where the ends were connected) but otherwise it looks great for the price. <end>  Perfect just what we were looking for.  Exelent rings, perfect for every day use. And good value too. The shipping was very fast, and we liked so much the special packing. Gift option a must. Recommended for everyone looking for a good ring. It really shines. Thanks! <end>  great price and the ring is comfortable  I'v been weearing this ring for few months now as a replacement for my wedding band, and its still comfortable and looking great. It has accumulated minor scratches throughout, but that's the nature of silver and how rough I use my hands. The ring is awesome for such a low price. <end>  Good Ring  The ring is perfect, perfect quality, shine and size. The ship was fast and on-time. Good experience. <end>  good and cheap!  got this ring for my husband who lost his first ring. he loves it, he said its better than the first one and im excited cause its so cheap! <end>  You get what you pay for  Good ring for the price. It was received in excellent condition, but was easily marred during even casual wearing. <end>  Inexpensive and good  Good, basic wedding ring. If you need a cheap one real quick, I'd recommend this one. <end>  beautiful ring  I received my ring today and love it . Just what I needed. Simple and pretty. Everyday ring..dont want to wear my diamond band around the house and to do laundry  ) <end>  Be careful with dandruff shampoos!  I read elsewhere in the reviews that a lady's husband got in the shower and his ring turned. If you use selenium sulfide shampoo and it comes into contact with silver, it will turn the silver dark as if badly tarnished. I have had a difficult time trying to get the ring back to normal. So beware!~Kathleen <end>  Very impressed  I recieved this ring quickly, shipping cost was fair and This ring was in great condition when I bought it, I have been wearing it for a while now, have washed my hands, used cleaning products and actually wear it almost every day and it is indeed real sterling silver. I love it and will definitely order from seller again. <end>  Simple and Elegant  The ring is perfect for what I wanted -- simple and elegant. The size is perfect for stacking with other band rings. <end>  Great Quality!  This ring what just what I was looking for - simple but elegant. It is solid and sturdy. The size was perfect. I could not have asked for a better ring. <end>  Sterling Wedding Band  The sterling silver ring arrived earlier than expected. It also came in a lovely little heart box. I was very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this product to anyone. <end>  liked it, but too small  Great product, super fast shipping. Too bad the ring size ran small. Ordered a standard size six but I knew as soon as I took it out of the box it was too small. I gave it away to my mom but plan to buy another! <end>  Loving my ring!  I purchased this ring for my thumb. I am a large size girl and have pretty fat fingers. I love jewelry and have always wanted a thumb ring. Now I have one that fits perfectly and it looks good on my thumb! I love it!!! <end>  A good alternative.  If you want a wedding band, don't order online, Honestly. Go to a store in the real world to get a personal inspection prior to purchase.Now if you're looking for a substitute ring to wear to keep your real (maybe with diamonds?) one safe from harm, this is a fair buy for it's price. It may face damages easily, but then that means it is doing it's job - taking the damage in place of the real one that's tucked safe at home or in a safe or a safety deposit box/ whatever. Because if you're from the ghetto like I am, you're Not going to want to wear an expensive ring. <end>  Great quality  The ring is great. The 6 mm being pretty wide, was easily scratched, but we got it changed for a thinner one of a larger size (as someone else already said, the ring runs small so order a size above what you would normally wear) and I mentioned that it had scratches. When the 5 mm came, it was perfect, and didn't look as bulky as the previous one, and had no scratches on it. I am happy to recommend this product, and its seller. <end>  Hopefully Not My Last...  First time buying rings - one each for my girlfriend and I. Made more difficult by being online, but if you know your size pretty well, then this'll do you fine. Nice enough product for the price - just a simple silver ring. <end>  Nice ring  I bought this ring for my husband. It's nice but had to return due to the size. We needed a half size also DH isn't a silver guy. <end>  Sterling Silver 5 MM wide ring  Beautiful ring. Looks great as thumb ring for ladies. Excellent company to do business with. Many great buys and gorgeous jewelry. <end>  Great ring  I was pleasantly surprised by the quick delivery and high quality of my 5 mm sterling silver ring. It's thick, sturdy, and highly polished. Will definitely do further business with GemAvenue. <end>  nice ring for the price  This is a very nice looking ring. It fit my wife well and is comfortable to wear. There is a small discolored area which may be where the ring was joined, but there is no noticeable seam. The ring does scratch easily, but that is to be expected for a soft metal like silver. I am not disapointed and would recommend this ring without hesitation. <end>  Wedding band  I was very pleased with the ring but I gave the wrong size my mistake not yours. Otherwisw I am very happy with it. thanks chuck <end>  Great Product  Nothing but good things to say. I received the ring quickly, within a few days. It was just as described here on Amazon. I originally was looking for a "brushed" finish, but decided to go with this ring - not brushed, just standard silver - and am quite happy with it. <end>
 B0007KQ8AO  Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1mm Omega Chain Necklace ||	  Perfect !  This Omega necklace is the perfect size and gauge for fused glass pendants. I am ordering several more. Thanks! <end>  Omega Chain  I have bought a 14" omega chain which is good. Unfortunately, there is no alert that the 14" size chain is is intended for children. I know its not the sellers' fault but mine, however, seller should alert the buyer that the size 14" chain is not intended for adult.Its beautiful. <end>  chain  very pretty chain...great price and pretty good quality. i work with 20 kids, who are 3, and have worn the chain with a pendant on it for a couple months and its bent in one spot but i think it has been wonderful and i would buy it again <end>  Necklace  I got the necklace and it is everything I thought it would be. I really like it. <end>  I look good  I put the cross on it and good to go <end>  Not good for pendants  I wish I had given more credibility to the negative reviews. Frankly, I don't understand how there ecould be so many positive reviews. It's an ok chain - if you want to wear it by itself. But it's not good for pendants, as advertised. It remains perfectly stiff and oval shaped when worn - even a large pendant doesn't pull the chain down as a pendant normally does. I'm returning it. <end>  22" OMEGA  THIS OMEGA IS SO PRETTY. IT IS STURDY AND WILL HOLD ALL OF YOUR PENDANTS...I WOULD MOST DEFINITELY BUY ONE FROM THIS SELLER. THIS PRODUCT IS VERY SHINY AND I LOVE IT 5 STARS ALL THE WAY ) <end>  the kind of chain i like  i bought this omega chain sometime last month June 2009 and it just fit me right..i love it..the shipping was super fast that i didnt expect that it would come that day..i would really recommend this Seller to everyone..i would definitely wants to purchase again to this seller.. <end>  Silver Necklace...1MM Omega  The Italian Sterling Silver Omega Chain Necklace looked a bit dainty but it is not! It is strong and beautiful. Looks great with or without a pendant. I love it! Excellent for summer because it is not too heavy.Thanks for a great product. <end>  Great Necklace!  I love this necklace. I needed a chain thin enough to go through a slide pendant that I love. This necklace is perfect! Thin enough to slide through the slots and sturdy enough to hold it with no problems. I've worn it just about everyday since it arrived. Fast service, I was very pleased. I will buy many more times from this seller! <end>  Great Buy!  The is a beautiful necklace that looks great alone or with a slide. I purchased it for my 18 yr. old daughter and she loves it. Excellent quality for an excellent price. <end>  silver necklace from Gem  item is much nicer than the picture.My girls were so pleased, I had purchased some handwrought pendants on a vacation in Greece this summer and they looked lovely on the chains! <end>  A+ Product  I ordered this omega to go with a slide pendant. I was at my wits end trying to find a chain with a clasp small enough to fit through the opening, without dropping $50+. Not only did this omega fit and look perfect, but the shipping and was super-fast too. This necklace looks and feels much more expensive than it was. I will definately purchase from this seller again. <end>  quality necklace.  very nice omega chain for the price. i would definitely shop with this seller again. <end>  The perfect answer  I had ordered a pendant to wear to a family wedding and needed a chain. This Omega was the perfect answer. This item is well worth the money. <end>  Not very good at all  This necklace is like a strong circle of silver. there was almostno bend to it at all and it was not fluid. <end>  False Advertising!!!  This is NOT a chain necklace. If you buy this product you will get an 18" long, 1.26 mm diameter tube with tiny notches along its surface. The "strong lobster clasp" looks like it's made of cheap plastic. <end>  Excellent Quality Omega  Omegas are stiff. That is their characteristic. They are pre-formed to remain round and keep their shape while wearing. These are not fluid chains. Generally, they are worn close to the neck and able to support the weight of heavier pendants and enhancers. These are strong chains. Omegas tend not to slide around the neckline. While wearing, it's unlikely the back closure will drift to the front of the neck. Pendants and enhancers tend to stay put. This can be thought of as a "silver collar".Often, Omegas are 3 or 4mm thick. I was happy to get this one in the 1mm. It fits the bale on most of my pendants. I have a 4mm that will only accommodate large bales.This is an excellent quality Italian omega, at a great price. The silver has a nice gleam, it's smooth, and has a lobster claw clasp. It's made very well. Thanks, Gem Avenue.If you want a freely moving chain, this seller has a large selection of really good quality silver chains...all at reasonable prices. If you want a very smooth, solid looking chain. I recommend a snake chain. It looks similar to an omega, but has fluidity. <end>  Beautiful chain  This chain is really gorgeous. I was very impressed when it arrived. It is really hard to find chains of this length, especially of this quality. I love it! <end>  Great chain for petite a neck.  I have been on a lifelong search for 14 & 15 inch chains. I have a petite neck, and need the smaller length. This chain is not only the right size, it is very pretty and substantial for the price. thanks you for making it available. <end>  14" Omega Silver Chain Necklace  I bought this necklace for my own use. I am a small adult. It is just what I have been looking for and doesn't look like something just for a child. The necklace is beautiful and perfect! I am enjoying wearing it with various pendants.Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14" 16" 18" 20" 22" 24" 30" Necklace <end>  Just what I hoped for!  I ordered two of these 1 MM Omega chains to go with gift pendants and, they were everything I was hoping for. Strong, shiney, secure lobster clasp, and able to give some extra "lift" to show off the pendant. I ordered thin Omegas such as these so that I could slide the pendants on easily. I am using one of them myself with a large, simple gemstone that I wish to showcase. Advice  Try this company! Nice customer service, great product and price, small gift boxes that you can wrap before giving, and good delivery. <end>  nice gift for a young girl  I ordered this necklace for a young girl to hold a little turtle pendant I purchased for her. The pendant has some weight and does come with its own chain, but I thought the omega would give this young girl a different, but still delicate look. She will be able to use this chain with any pendant she may have or receive in the future. It's a sweet necklace that, once she grows out of it, can be passed on to one of her younger sisters. I was pleased with my purchase. <end>  Very nice necklace - love it!  This necklace is very nice. Its like a choker necklace but at a better price. Looks to be of good quality it will work well as a casual necklace if your looking for something more then you will have to pay more. As the saying goes you get what you pay for. Really its a very nice necklace. <end>  AWESOME  I needed a chain for my cross it works well and good price came in a jewel box I love it thanksa little tight for my neck but I like it that way I don't want to be mistakin for a rapper <end>
 B0007L431E  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Pendant, 2 1/4 inch long ||	  A very lovely piece  The picture doesn't do it justice. In the picture it looks dark and tarnished in the "shadowed" areas. When you get the piece it is actually very bright and clean and shiny and really just beautiful. Lovely detail! If you are interested in a piece to wear constantly this may not be the one for you, it is fairly durable but will bend under more rigerous wear and tear. The chain isn't very strong but you can always buy a different chain to go with it. In my opinion it's worth the price you pay for it and as I don't plan on wearing it all the time I am very satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Lovely cross  I got this cross for my boyfriend's birthday. It's a nice size, but is still rather delicate. The chain was far too flimsy for him, so I switched it out for a thicker, longer one that suits him much better. But the cross itself is very nice. <end>  Excellent Service  The service was very good from this company. They communicated quickly and effectively and the price was good. The item was in the condition as promised. I would recommend shopping from this company. <end>
 B0007L43BY  Sterling Silver Chinese Character for good Luck Pendant, 3/4 inch long ||	  Love, Love, Love It  This is a beautiful piece of Jewelry. I will never take it off. Service was excellent. I will definitely look for other items from this vendor. <end>
 B0007LNEHI  Sterling Silver Emerald Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia 7mm x 5mm Post Stud Earrings ||	  I Feel Like A Girl  These earrings are something I will cherish forever. I feel like I am a different person when I put them on. Mainly because they are not heavy and because they do not make my ears itch. Those have been problems I have faced with earrings in the past. <end>  Big and bright  These earings are big and bright and very clear. They are bigger than I thought they would be. They are wonderful and I wear them all the time. <end>  Awesome Earrings  These earrings definitely exceeded my expectations. I ordered them as simple earrings for my bridesmaids, and I truly think they're perfect to wear with anything. They're the type of earrings you could wear for special occasions or everyday, so the price is unbeatable! They also come packaged well and make great gifts! <end>  Stone fell out  These earrings are indeed beautiful, and I loved wearing them for the few hours before one of the stones fell out of its setting. I don't know if this is common or a one-time event, but be warned. I'm hoping to exchange for another pair and that this is only an anomaly. <end>  too small  I was expecting bigger earrings. I think it was my mistake since I am not good in measurements. Nevertheless they are beautiful, but way too small for my expectations. <end>  Made my daughter's Christmas brighter with these Earrings  I was skeptical at first due to the pictures and the price. I still was skeptical on the size once I received it, but the style and the brightness of the Cubic Zirconia ease my mind and especially, when until I saw them on my daughter - It was perfect in every way and I couldn't ask for more. <end>
 B0007MAGVY  14K Gold Ruby Briolette Earrings, MADE IN AMERICA ||	  Gorgeous Rubies!  I purchased these and found them to be of a very high quality. Ny wife is a ruby girl, and it is her birthstone, and many briolettes these days are not of this grade. Beautifully cut, and a deep blood reddish pink. Seller was so helpful, customer service excellent. Would recommend. <end>  Attractive and dangly, but not as pretty as the picture.  My wife likes these earrings very much. That said, the picture depicts a much more vibrant shade of red than you will observe in person unless you're in direct sunlight. <end>
 B0007MBRMQ  Aqua 2 Drops - Belly Ring - Teardrop & Round ||	  ADORABLE  I just received this tonight. It's perfect. I love rings that dangle. I have a few and they seem to poke or catch or not be long enough but this one is just great. Nothing to poke, nothing to catch. Very dainty looking with lots of sparkle! I've ordered quite a few items from Pierce This 2 and they ship quickly and their items seem to be good quality for the money. <end>
 B0007MF2MC  Freeform Sugilite, Citrine, 14k Gold and Sterling Ring ||	  Beautiful sugilite ring  Fast shipping. Ring exactly as photographed. Well-designed. THANKS ! <end>
 B0007MXZ76  Sterling Silver Green Crystal Celtic Knot Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  ehh...alright i guess.  This ring is not a horrible or anything of the kind. The stone is vibrant but fake. The siver celtic designs are slightly thick for my tastes. When recieving this ring, be well aware that you have bought a ring costing 8.99 and that is the quality of the work on it. Don't expect more than you ask for. <end>  Beautiful Ring  Came right away. Fights perfectly on my pinkey. A must have for young girls and women who like this jewerly. <end>  Get what ya pay for  For the price I paid, this ring is great... it's well defined and the crystal in it reflects well.. I will go back to the seller also, great cust. service. I'll would buy it again... <end>
 B0007NBT2I  Sterling Silver Antique Finish 3mm Butterfly Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10 ||	  butterfly ring  I love the design and quality of the ring but size not true / need size 8 can I exchange thank you <end>  I LOVE THIS RING!  Its so pretty and it got here fast! I was a little scared it would turn my finger green cause of the price, BUT IT DIDN'T and I've worn it everyday since mid april. <end>  Great /service and Price  I ordered this ring for my daughter-in-law who loves butterflies. I was a bit nervous because I ordered it late around the 18th of December. To my surprise it was shipped immediately at regular shipping price and it arrived on the 23rd!!! Wow. The service is excellent and the prices are right. Thank you!! L.Y <end>
 B0007NJD1C  Pugster Insect Charm Bracelet Dangle ||	  Broke when I first wore it  This broke before I can even get out of the house. <end>
 B0007NL86K  Pugster Name Garrett Italian Charm ||	  great purchase will order another  this was a great purchase and I would like to order another very pleasedIt wasa great iem, great price and easy transaction <end>
 B0007NLE1O  Pugster Virgo Zodiac Pendants Fashion Jewelry Necklaces ||	  So Sparkly & So Many Compliments  The Necklace is Gorgeous!! Strongly Recommend. I have had at least 4 compliments since I got it, that's a lot in the space of only 2months. People tell me they think it's so sparkly and a gorgeous design. I love it. If you love Bling and just the right size for the 'not too much' look - it's the perfect touch. Thank You! <end>
 B0007NLFC2  Pugster Cow In The Pasture Animal Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Amazing product  I bought this as part of a birthday gift for my mother, it came in a very timely manner in excellent condition. I will continue to use this seller as I am completely satisfied with their service.  D <end>
 B0007NMJ3G  SCER013 Sterling Silver Crystal Designer Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful Swarovski crystal earrings  Beautiful crystal earrings, dainty but impressive. The earrings sparkle and pick up the light and color. You can't go wrong with Swarovski crystal. Hard to find good quality crystal in the department stores. <end>  crystal earrings  the earrings are as pictured, they look clear until you put them on with a top, then they pick up the colors around them. they are comfortable and well made and very pretty, and they came quickly even though i live in hawaii and often have problems with shipments sent parcel post (in hawaii, that means by ship!). this sender knew how to ship and paid attention to where they were going! <end>  Swarovski earrings  I bought thes earrings as part of a gift for my mother, she absolutely loved them once she put them on and stood under the light, they have so much sparkle, I'm thinking about getting myself a pair. <end>  Gorgeous  I ordered these earrings and one other pair from my husband's account last Christmas. The earrings were to be a present for a family member. I said were! They were so beautiful I ended up keeping them for myself and ordering another for the gift. They also have a nice weight to them, they are not too heavy and not too light. The prism glow from the earrings is just gorgeous! <end>  dazzling  THE EARRINGS ARE JUST DAZZLING.THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL AND SPARKLING, AND NO MATTER WHAT COLOR YOU HAVE ON THEY PICK UP THE COLOR.THE BEST PART IS THEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE YOU FORGET THEY ARE ON.....UNTIL SOMEONE COMPLIMENTS YOU ON THEM.THEY LOOK GOOD WITH JEANS AND A SWEATER OR WHEN YOU ARE ALL DRESSED UP.I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO ALL THE LADIESSensational Clear AB Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.25" Long Dangle Earrings <end>  Amazing Grace  Elegant and lovely crystal sterling earrings. A wonderful surprise when they arrived. They go with everything and I find myself wearing them three or four times a week. This was a marvelous purchase. <end>  Absolutely lovely!  If you are looking for a pretty, sparkly pair of earrings that will go with virtually everything in your wardrobe, these Genuine Crystal earrings are perfect. It's just so beautiful that they seem to pick up the colors of your clothing -- so pretty! Casual or dressy, they always look great.What a great purchase! <end>  Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Designer Leverback Earrings  I bought these earrings as a gift for myself and they are exactly what I wanted! They are beautifully made and very light in my ears. I only wear leverback earrings and sometimes the clasp is a little wiggly. These are very solid. When the light hits them the colors are amazing! I would definitely buy these earrings as a gift for someone else, they are very beautiful. <end>  really nice!!  Nice, comfortable and not so small as not to be seen .Good casual or dressy - I have slept wearing them with no problems. <end>  Disappointed in Quality and Look  After reading the glowing reviews for these earrings I ordered a pair as a gift for a friend. When it arrived opened the box to find the earrings in a plastic jewelry bag - they looked dull and something that could be easily made by my teenage daughter. I held them up to the sunlight (out of the bag) and yes, the crystals change color as expected, but at least the pair I received, are not Swarovski quality and lack the brilliance in color I was hoping to see in this item.On the good side - they are not overly expensive. Honestly though, I think they probably cost no more than seven dollars to make (having looked at jewelry making stuff in craft stores...). The packaging is your basic silver cardboard jewelry box for earrings with a piece of cotton batting in it. The earrings are in a small plastic jewelry bag, and the box is inside a plastic bag for shipping.They probably would appeal to some, but for me, they are a a 5 out of 10 in terms of overall value, look and quality. If I didn't need them as a gift 'right now' - I'd return them. <end>  Goes with everything  These earrings are a true favorite of mine.... The crystals catch and reflect so much color. I always get asked where these earrings came from! <end>  Good Quality Earrings  Excellent quality and just the right size. A Christmas gift for a friend who adored them. A terrific price as well. <end>  Very Pretty  I love these earrings. They are the perfect size (not to big, not to small). They have a lot of colors and seem to go with everything. <end>  very sparkly!!!  beautiful, I wear them all the time and with anything!. They pick up what ever color you are wearing, great! <end>  Stunning  These were pretty on the site and gorgeous when arrived! Would definitely recommend! They are well worth the money. Bonita! <end>  I like.  These are beautiful earrings. They sparkle in just the right amount and are both elegant and subtle. I'd recommend them to anyone looking for their next pair of earrings or to make the perfect gift. The only negative I'd say is the hook and latch are pretty soft and if you're not gentle they'll bend. Also the hooks themselves are pretty short so it's a bit of a pain to get them in sometimes. All in all, I think they'd look great on anyone ) <end>  Beautiful earring  I am always looking for Lobster back earrings as the posts poke me. These are comfortable and attract attention. Lovely <end>  Oh my- how gorgeous  I purchased these earrings along with another pair sold by the same company and I wasn't disappointed. The crystal really captures the light attracting attention to these earrings. You won't be disappointed. <end>  I was not disappointed  To be honest, when I purchased these earning I wasn't sure whether or not I made the right decision as to buy them, but I was not disappointed, I was amazed how beautiful they were, the dangle on them are the right size the color is just radiant the sun goes through these earnings better than a diamond in your ear. They are the right size and very very light you don't even know you have earnings in your ear. if you want to buy yourself a real surprise these are the right gift. <end>  Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Earrings  I think they are just beautiful, and I gave them for Christmas gifts. They were so pleased to have such a fine piece of jewelry.I purchased from Amazon as I did the Cool Daddy, also for a Christmas gift. My son, and his children couldn't wait to try it, said the shrimp were perfect.Kathryn E. Scanlon <end>  Great!  I love my earrings and would buy from this company again. Perfectly packaged, perfectly sized, and beautiful. <end>  earrings  This earrings are very nice, but I cannot believe that it is Swarovski. but I give it a 4. <end>  pretty earrings  Just look at the picture - you can see how pretty they are. And, they go on with great ease - and wait for the compliments. They will surely come. <end>  they look better in the picture  I added these to my wish list and received them as a birthday gift. they look better in the picture. <end>  Captivating, simply gorgeous  These earrings...they look as marvelous as the picture suggests! They have that special sparkle, they're a real deal! I recommend this to all my readers. <end>  BURST OF COLOR  I just love these earrings. You can wear them with anything. They take on the color of anything you wearing and sparkle beautifully with a "burst of color". I highly recommend them. They are also very feminine and have just the right amount of dangle. Nice purchase and would purchase from this vendor again in a second!!! Also, they merchandise arrived VERY quickly. Thanks! <end>  Very pleased  This was a Christmas gift for my aunt. I received it in great timing and the product was in perfect condition. My aunt loved them and I'm very happy with this purchase. <end>  Swarovski Cube Crystal  I adore Swarovski crytals and these earrings underline their beauty. They make me feel dressed up in jeans and I can wear them with anything! Thanks. <end>  Beware of Romantic Crystal Earrings  I purchased one pair of these earrings in May. At first theylooked so pretty and sparkled. In August, I ordered a second pairfor a friend. I noticed when I received her pair they were a shinysilver and have stayed that way. The silver on my pair is a lightgrey and the settings now turn my ear lobes black. I know I storedmy pair correctly. I got nowhere emailing customer service at GemAvenue. I now own a pair of earrings I cannot wear. <end>  "Clear cristal" is a lie!  Beware that 2 sides of that cube are tinted. There is a metal-like coating that creates that rainbow sparkle, and it makes the earrings look plastic and cheap.Other than that, they are well-designed. <end>  Streling ear ring review  At first I was diappointed- I expected them to look like pictured- They don't- But ofter putting on a blouse- They do pick up some color- But not as pictured. I will keep them-The quailty is good for the price & the packaging & time of arrival was great- I will buy more items & recommend seller- <end>  Sparkling!  The earring I bought from Amazon are brilliant. They are fun to wear, well made and totally brilliant. I like them a lot and would recommend them to anyone who likes sparkle! <end>  Swarovski Iridescent Dangle Earrings  Absolutely beautiful!!! I bought these along with the Multicolor Crystal Swarovski Earrings for my daughter and she loves them. If she's not wearing one pair, she's wearing the other. Just perfect!!! Both pairs! We lost the first pair so I bought her another pair  ) <end>  Beautiful  The earrings are beautiful and just as described. I got them delivered really quick also. <end>  Lovely earrings  Very beautiful and nicely made. I was pleased that they were larger than I had hoped for - they go with many different colors and styles of outfits. Would purchase again.Good service also. <end>  Very pretty earrings!!  I really like the way these earrings reflect the light in different colors! They go with any outfit! Great price! Prompt shipping! <end>  Granddaughter loves these  10 year old Granddaughter Christmas gift and well received.Shiny, sparkling, and a secure fitting. I can recommend these earrings. <end>  More beautiful than the picture  These earrings are just lovely...bright crystals that catch the light...beautiful silver that is well-crafted. I bought them as a gift for my sister and she loved them. I wish I had bought a pair for myself, too.The price was excellent and they were shipped quickly. No complaints on this order! <end>  Beautiful!  I bought these earrings for a Christmas gift, but when I saw them, I couldn't give them up. I wear them all the time. They just go with everything and are of a great quality. I may order more for gifts. Would definatley recommend them. <end>  ear rings  very nice ear rings and were exactly what i wanted. they look very nice and are easy to put on <end>  Beautiful and sparkly!  This is my favorite style earring , the leverback, and with these beautiful sparkly crystals attached, wow, I really love them! <end>  Very nice earrings  I bought these for my daughter, and she absolutely loved them. They are sparkling prisms and seem to be of nice quality. Great buy for the money. <end>  Very pretty!  These earrings are even prettier than they appear in the picture. Beautifully made, and they truly capture the light when worn. <end>  Love them!  They go GREAT with rings and a necklace to match. I got SO many compliments over Christmas and I'll keep wearing them! <end>  Not sure if it's authenic Swarovski  The earrings are pretty.They sparkle in the light but I don't think they are really Swarovski. I just thought I would have received a paper or something along with the earrings authenticating the crystals and I didn't.That's why I gave it four stars. <end>  Exquisite Crystal Earrings  After spending days deliberating on which crystal earrings to order, I finally decided to go with these based on the picture on-line and I am so glad that I did. Granted, all Swarovski crystals are beautiful, but the shape of the crystal on these earrings seems to make the crystals glow even more brilliantly than others that I've seen. The setting is very finely crafted and gives a rich appearance to these earrings. Trust me, the picture does not do justice to these earrings, they are dainty, sparkly and elegant. <end>  Just perfect!  I have been looking for earrings to replace the ones I had lost and these are perfect! They are lightweight and easy to put on. My aunt saw me wearing them and she said she wanted them for her birthday...LOVE them!! <end>  eternal light  Most if not all of Swarovski crystals are like prisms. they hold up to wear, clean nicely, and always shines in the lights. box protected them and was not damaged. I felt the cost was just right for me. The leverbacks are so easy to put in with out any mirrors or help. Have many pairs and not one had any prolems .... <end>  I love them!  I loved this product! The earrings were prettier in person so they were even better than I expected. Sorry I did not write a review sooner I just realized you were suppose to do this and that I did not do it. Great seller! <end>  beautiful!!  the picture doesn't do these justice at all. they are gorgeous, very colorful in the light, and not too heavy. the leverbacks are very sturdy, and i can wear these all day and barely notice they are on. i got these as a gift, as well as another pair from the same company, and i am very happy with the craftsmanship of this brand. i will definitely buy from again! <end>  Swarovski earrings  I got these Swarovski earrings for my wife and I actually did good this time! They look great with anything she wears since they pick up nearby colors. Very unique in that they are always changing. Just really cool earrings! <end>  Swarovski-need not to say more  The earrings are very well made like the name indicates, if you do not own any Swarovski anything......these are a great introduction to the craftmanship. Multi faceted and the colors that reflect from these beauties are very inpressive as Swarovski is know for. Very pleased with the purchase and great price as well as excellent arrival time as amazon is known for. <end>  Cute!  This was the 3rd piece of my Mother's Day present. It compliments the other pieces as well as being bold enough to stand alone. The earrings are not too heavy, not gaudy. I absolutely love them and wear them often. <end>  Beautiful.  I read the other reviews and was a little hesitant to buy these, but I find that they are absolutely perfect and exactly what I was looking for. <end>  The perfect earring  I used to be fanatical about changing my earrings everyday to go with each day's outfit. As I've gotten older I can't be bothered. These earrings are the perfect solution. I keep them on all the time including to sleep in. They're lightweight, secure, have a nice sparkle, and go with everything. They can be dressed up or down. Once or twice a week I take them out and give them a spritz with glass cleaner to keep them sparkly. I'm back now to get a pair for my sister for Christmas. <end>  Nice Earrings  I am very pleased with these earrings. I get many compliments when I wear them. The best thing is that you can use them for a casual or formal look. <end>  Beautiful!  I have had these earrings for one year and still love them! I receive compliments every time I wear them. The crystals sparkle and catch the light and reflect whatever color you are wearing. They look very nice on compared to being in the box. The leverback ear hooks are wonderful and comfortable. I appreciate this companies ability to make such lovely earrings for such a wonderful price. I matched these crystals with a 1950's crystal necklace for a formal outing and together they were beautiful. You will not be disappointed with this purchase. <end>  Swarovski Earrings  Very nice, sparkly, comfortable earrings. Recommend it as a special but economical gift for good friends. Get many compliments whenever worn. <end>  Favorite earrings  These are my go to earrings for every outfit. They are stunning in person and well worth the price. They sparkle so beautifully and I have received many compliments. <end>  Crystal sterling silver dangle earrings  I was hesitant to purchase these online because it's difficult to judge the sparkle from a photo. However, I was pleasantly surprised. I bought them to match a 50 year old necklace and they are perfect. The earrings look more expensive than the price would indicate and the multi colors matched the old choker I had so well, they looked made for each other. <end>  Exquisite  The picture cannot do justice to this item. You have to see them. The sparkle is expected but the depth of color and obvious quality is a pleasant surprise. I will definitely be back for more gifts for special friends. <end>  Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Designer Leverback  These earrings are just beautiful--they show off different colors depending on how the light hits the crystals. I would strongly recommend this item to my friends. <end>  Beautiful earrings !  These earrings are very sparkly and pretty! They are reasonably priced and delivery was fast. They are true to the picture and classy looking! <end>  by far the best of the six swarovski crysal earrings i bought  I bought six earrings for myself and my sisters over xmas. all crystals in different colors from this seller. i bought 4 tear drop crystals in blue, pink, green and clear, this earring, and another one similar one to this - sensational clear. this earring is by far the best buy. it catches the light charmingly and is long enough to be seen past the hair.i would say don't buy the other colored crystals, buy this one or the other earring which is similar in design and clear... they really are pretty and seem to dance in the light. my sisters loves them. <end>  Just Beautiful  I purchased these to wear to the university I attend. They are the type of earring that can be worn casual or dressy. And, best of all, they are beautiful! They sparkle and pick up the colors of the top you are wearing, so they go with everything. They are comfortable and not too big. What a treat these are to wear anytime! I highly recommend these lovely earrings to add to your jewelry collection.  ) <end>  Gift for 17-year-old niece  These were purchased as a gift for my niece and although she hasn't received them yet, my own teenage girls think that they are lovely. They are very sparkly and the color varies from clear to quite colorful, depending on the light and nearby colors. <end>  Unusual and pretty  These earrings catch the light nicely. They are light and have a nice 'dangle' to them. They are unusual being a cube, but this is what makes them. They were nicely presented in an individual cardboard box packed with soft stuffing. They shipped quickly and were as pictured. <end>  Gorgeous!  These are stunning and the picture doesn't do them justice. Great quality and an unbeatable value! One of my favorite finds this year. <end>  very small  good very pretty, a gift for my mon but very very small. its not a bad prooduct 100 % Swarovski... <end>  earring review  Beautiful pair of earrings, had many compliments on them. Would like to view more like them in the future. Thanks <end>  Great Earrings  I bought these for my daughter, liked them so much, I bought another pair for myself. They are beautiful and, what is so important to me, very comfortable. Lots of compliments. <end>  pretty but small  pretty but small these were very hard to get on and or off maybe a teenager would be able to wear these i couldn't <end>  Swarovski Crystal earrings  I was hoping these earrings would have had more color in them like the picture. But they are clear. Disappointing but they are still pretty. <end>  Beautiful, but hard to put on  I wish when they designed the hoop portion that the part that goes through the ear was somewhat straighter so that you could put them on more easily. It took me a good 5 minutes to get them on by myself. Otherwise, I love them once they are in the ears. <end>  Beautiful, comfortable, love them!  These earrings are so pretty and light, very comfortable and I receive compliments on them each time...that's the key, many compliments! <end>  NOT THE FIRST PAIR i ORDERED  tHESE ARE THE M OST BRILLIAN SHINNING STONES,AND GIVEN TO SEVERAL FRIENDS AS GIFTS, PEOPLE HAVE STOPPED ONE OF MY FRIENDS KNEW THSE WERE SWARVSKI CRYSTALS GREAT PRICE AND MADE A WONDERFULPRESENTATION THANKS FOR THESE PRODUCTS <end>  Swarovski earrings  Very attractive earrings, I've only worn them once but they are comfortable and compatible to my other silver jewelry. The crystals really pick up surrounding colors. This makes me want more of these magical crystals. <end>  Fast Delivery, dazzling product for a great price  I placed my order Monday morning and have my earrings Thursday afternoon. These look fantastic and previous reviewers were right on, they catch light and reflect your outfit so I imagine they will go well with about any top/outfit. I'd shop with Gem Avenue again! <end>  Great gift  I bought these for my daughter, tiny and sparkly little earrings! She loved them, and was more than happy with the gift. <end>  Clear Swarovski Cube Crystal Leverback Dangle Earrings  The earrings are beautiful, I love them. I am never disappointed when I order through Amazon.com. <end>  excellent  This is a nice pair of earrings. I loved it. It is perfect for an evening party. <end>  Good for the money  These earrings are nice enough for the money spent. They are very pretty and nice to wear to work. I like them well enough, I guess I was just expecting something a little different after reading all of the other reviews. <end>  More beautiful than pictured!  These earrings are SOOO beautiful! I would definately buy these again! They go with everything! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  These earrings are exactly as pictured. They are the perfect size and shine beautifully. <end>
 B0007NOJ6G  Pugster Golden Italian Charm Dangle Rhinestone Teardrop ||	  Poor quality, poor service  I recently ordered 4 Italian Charms from Pugster. Within a week of wearing them, 3 of them broke. I contacted them immediately to see if they would like to reimburse or give me credit before writing a review such as this one, but after 2 weeks, I have still heard nothing from them in response. I will not order from them again, and I don't recommend them. Clearly Charming, CharmsLand, and a host of others out there have plenty more to offer for me to waste my time with such poor quality and poor service. <end>
 B0007NOKA6  Pugster Gondola Ride Sports Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Great Service  I originally posted a negative review for this item because I receives the wrong charm. I didn't contact the seller because I knew I could use the charm I did get as a gift. However the seller was proactive in contacting me and volunteered to fix the problem promptly at no charge. I'd have taken down my negative review earlier had I not gone out of town and had the process been more intuitive.I also want to point out that the items look very much as pictured and make great inexpensive keepsakes and gifts. They're perfect for folks on a budget who still want to make a sentimental statement. <end>
 B0007OK6XA  Sterling Silver Clear AB Omega Chain Crystal Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful piece!  Very sparkly, and bigger than anticipated, which was a nice surprise. Great quality crystal beads, and the necklace that came with it was great quality silver as well. I get compliments every time I wear it! <end>  Feedback  I recently, bought this item and I'm very satisfied with it! The genuine austrian swarvoski crystal is really outstanding and the price you pay is worth it compared to buying a similar item somewhere else. <end>
 B0007OU8JC  Silver-Tone Oval Rolo Chain Heart Tag Charm 18" Necklace ||	  Great knockoff.  This necklace is a cute toggle knockoff. It isn't even real silver for Pete's sake but no one would be able to tell from just looking while you're wearing it. It did fit me a little tighter than expected. But I never had one of these so I didnt know what to expect. Plus I guess it depends on weight, neck size etc. Anyway, I thought it was going to be a hunk of junk since it is only five dollars but bought a few for my nieces because they needed costume jewelry. Beleive it or not this baby is nice enough to wear out. Don't believe me ? Gamble the five dollars. <end>  Great Deal  I was trying to match a gift I had purchased previously and this item was perfect and at a great price. <end>  Get what you pay for  This item was very nice. The chain was longer than I expected and hangs really low on my neck, but it only looks like the real one. You can tell that it is a knock off, but you get what you pay for. For $5 I think that it was worth it, but it does look different than the "real" one. Good service and delivery. <end>
 B0007P6F1G  Golden Retriever Dog Italian Charm ||	  ...  i absolutly love this charm. this has got to be my favorite charm i ever received. i have three terrific golden retrievers. i wear this charm on my bracelet everywhere i go. thank you <end>
 B0007P6F3O  Crystal Gem June Birthstone Daisy Italian Charm ||	  Stones fall out  I purchased this for my mom. The stones quickly started falling out. She replaced it and that one also lost it's stones. She has another one in the flower design with different colored stones and it's fine. Not sure what it is about this particular charm for June. <end>
 B0007P6F3Y  Crystal Gem May Birthstone Daisy Italian Charm ||	  Gift request for Daughter in law  Purchased from wish list of daughter in law. It came very quickly. Very tiny item made for italian charm braclet. Looked great, was exactly what she wanted. <end>
 B0007P6G6U  Starter Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  For charms  Dear Sir ,We are professional manufacturer of bracelet who have more than three years experience of manufacturing and selling Italian charms. There are almost ten thousand designs available for selling. Pleased inform we have one brand new product---Pandora beads available now, which is very popular in both US and European markets.We did develop and manufacture almost ten styles total with three hundred designs, including enamel, birthstone, dangle, gold electroplated, black enamel zodiac, character, plants, animal and other symbols. Designs are pretty good. It is the hottest fashion jewelry in US and Europe.For details, please login to our web www.njsunrise.com to view. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to send e-mail to me. My e-mail address is smile@njsunrise.com .I will get back to you shortly.Looking forward to doing business with you.Thanks,Smile <end>
 B0007P9ONW  Clear Sunflower Hedge Hog Belly Button Ring ||	  Good service, bad product.  It stuck out of my belly button a lot and the top ball broke the first time I cleaned it. <end>
 B0007P9OZA  BUMBLE BEE Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  the bee's knees  If you are looking for a different type of tongue jewelry, something nice and springy, I would recommend this bumble bee tongue ring. It's cute, well made and the company that sells this tongue ring provides good customer service and fast delivery.SO if you're in the market for spring time tongue ring, I would recommend this product. <end>
 B0007PASH8  Solid Titanium Dream Blue/Purple Cone Labret 3/8 ||	  Ordered two, recieved different bars.  I really don't have much of a problem with the two that I ordered, but one of them was shorter than the other, which posed something of a problem.If I could assure that my next purchase would be correct in size, then I would give it one more star. <end>
 B0007PAT1I  Solid Titanium Double Gem Pink Barbell 5/16-3mm ||	  Perfect mini size  When I had my eyebrow pierced, they gave me a very large barbell. I am into smaller body jewelry and this was a perfect size. It is really tiny so the ball is tough to get on and off. The color hasn't faded, rusted, or chipped. It looks the same as when I purchased it. <end>
 B0007PQO4O  RETRO Pink Flamingo and Palm Tree Charm and Crystal Stretch Bracelet ||	  Cute, but  This bracelet is cute, and my 19 year old daughter loved it,(she loves Flamingos), but a Flamingo fell off the first time she wore it. The Flamingos are metal, pretty heavy. <end>
 B0007PQO76  Sterling Silver Garnet and Marcasite Ring Size 7.5(Size 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Beautiful!  This ring is really beautiful! However, there is something about the placement of the garnet, or maybe the shape of the ring itself, that gives the viewer the impression that it's slightly asymmetrical. I can't really tell what the cause of this is, but thanks to this, it appears to be mass produced (in a bad way).Anyway, this could be just my ring, and altogether, it looks very nice! <end>  Elegant ring  This is a very elegant ring. I purchased this ring for my little sister and she absolutely loves it! In my opinion, the ring looks better than the picture. My other sisters want one as well. I will most definitely be purchasing more for my other 2 sisters!  ) <end>
 B0007PSCYO  Silver Tone Paw Print and Puppy Dog Bead Stretch Bracelet ||	  Awesome & Spectactular!  In the past 5 years, I've bought around 20 of these awesome bracelets for my dog lover friends for gifts.They absolutely love & rave about them too!There made well because they keep their patina & don't stretch out.So buy in bulk like I do  )! <end>  puppy charm bracelet  Very cute, and we gave to my daughter's friend for her 9th birthday, and she loved it! <end>  nothing to special  this is a really cute bracelet, and for the price you get what you pay for. Seems like it could break very easily. Overall all its an okay purchase <end>  I love it!!!!  My husband gave it to me as a Christmas present and I love it! It was just the perfect gift! <end>
 B0007Q2Z32  Long Sterling Silver Coiled Snake Serpent Charm Pendant ||	  Mediocre quality  I ordered this pendant because the design looks great online, but once it arrived, it was nothing like the picture. It's very small, and the back of it is completely hollowed out. This wouldn't be a problem if it had a bail you could use to hang it on a cord, but it doesn't. So, in order to wear this pendant without showing the ugly backside, you will need to loop a soft cord (silk might work) around it. In the end, I am returning it because it's just not worth what the seller is charging for it. The quality is not great, but I might have kept it if I hadn't paid so much for it. <end>  My daighter loves this -- she loves snakes! Odd girl!  Best sort of gift for someone who loves things -- and not the typical hat & mittens set or earrings! <end>
 B0007QR91U  Silver Tone w/ Crystal Fur Elise Music Note Band Stretch Bracelet ||	  VERY UPSET!  I was VERY UPSET to look at the musical notes on this and see that it is NOT the song "Fur Elise" by Beethoven as the title of the bracelet says! The song "Fur Elise" is very special to me, I named my daughter Maya Elise and I wanted to order it for her, but I was very frustrated to see that whoever titled this bracelet knows nothing about music! If you don't care about music, then ignore this review and good luck/enjoy your order. <end>  the song is ode to joy.  i got this for christmas, and i thought it was very unique and cute. it's true, though, that the notes for the bracelet is not fur elise, but ode to joy by beethoven, also known as Symphony No. 9 in D minor. <end>
 B0007QRYK6  Sterling Silver Amethyst and Freshwater Pearl Earrings ||	  Pretty  These earrings are quite unique. The post is a bit easy to bend out of shape when you fasten it, but other than that these earrings go nicely with nearly any ensemble. <end>
 B0007RMQH6  18k White Gold Semi-Bezel Engagement Ring Setting ||	  white gold turns yellow  I was thrilled to receive this ring in May this year. I combined the ring with a beautifully cut diamond and have enjoyed wearing it very much until recently. Since a couple of weeks my beautifull 18k white gold ring is turning yellow. Apparently I received a yellow gold ring with a thin white gold coating???As an international customer, what to do? I don't want to just send my diamond accross the ocean, but I'm not happy with the color of my ring. <end>
 B0007RTWJG  Silver Green Glitter Star Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Good price - wrong style for me  Quality seems fine. Close to great for $3.99. But I'm not a fan of wearing the flat topped rings, so I didn't like it. <end>
 B0007RVL18  "Venetian Rainbow" Bracelet ||	  Venetian Rainbow  I really liked the Murano glass and matching Swarowski Crystal in the bracelet, it is very beautiful. The only issue I had was that the clasp was so large that it left a big open space in the glass and crystal. Also, the bracelet was too long, approximately 8", so I had to have it resized, which required that I remove one glass bead and the matching crystal at one end and replace the clasp with a lobster claw, which was an additional $27.00 at my local jeweler. I would recommend that the manufacturer change the clasp to one that is more secure and make the clasp smaller, so the bracelet is not as long to fit an average ladies wrist without falling off. <end>
 B0007RXDBE  14k Yellow Gold 3.5mm Comfort Fit Engagement Ring Setting ||	  STUNNING  I am in awe with this amazing engagement ring. Simple and beautiful. <end>
 B0007RXDTG  18k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  couldnt have asked for more.  floored my girlfriendstill gets rave comments from strangers everydayamazing qualityamazing customer serviceamazing dealamazon is THE place for engagement rings <end>
 B0007RXJZO  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  bad inscription inside...  the ring setting is gorgeous.. but it has "AMAZON" written inside.. that totally blews the deal of...we bouthg this ring for my brother in law girlfriend and that really put him down.. it was a great deal, but felt so bad when we saw the inscription inside....Oh well.. <end>
 B0007RXLQG  14k Yellow Gold Round Channel-Set Diamond Engagement Ring Setting (1/5 ct tw, J, I1) ||	  Excellent masterpiece!!!!  Very nice ring, it fit the solitary diamond purchased and looks great.... it calls the attention but is discrete, which was the original intent of it. <end>
 B0007S9D7G  Nickel Free Tarnish Free Sterling Silver Round Shaped Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 3mm Wedding Band Ring Size 7 ||	  Quality is lacking  While the ring looks very nice (shiny), I had it for less than a month & already one of the CZ diamonds fell out. Some quality is lacking, but given the good price, it was probably to be expected. <end>
 B0007SN2QO  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Polished Finish 4mm Wide Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  4 MM Wide Rhodium Plated Sterling Silver Band Clear Cubic Zirconia Ring  Love my ring! Works perfectly as a temporary wedding band! Exactly as promised! I have been wearing them every day since I received them at the end of May and there is no tarnishing. Also I love that it doesn't turn my finger green - I can wash dishes, shower, wash my hands and not have to worry about my finger looking moldy! Love it! <end>  sterling silver ring  i bought this ring for my mother, who had been looking for one like it for some time. she loves it. she's very happy with the set-in stones, and it has so far maintained a lovely luster. <end>  Love it!  I bought this ring because I was unable to wear my 14k gold wedding ring due to an allergy. It is well worth the money. It looks very expensive despite only costing $20. I could not be happier, I love looking at it and the best thing is it doesn't bring my finger out in a rash because it's silver. <end>  Good Buy For The Price  Gem Avenue shipped very fast. I would buy from them again. The ring itself, for $15., is a good value. Brand new, the shine is wonderful but does lessen with time and polishing doesn't bring it back. I don't think I would get a ring with the rhodium plating again. The band does mar and scratch and these don't rub off. The stones in my ring, although sparkly, look plastic, not even glass. They aren't set uniformly and because of this, they don't reflect the light evenly. Some of my stones also look damaged, as though squashed or something. Unless closely scrutinized, these things aren't noticeable and the ring looks like a genuine wedding band. I bought this ring to try out the style, and for that purpose, it was a good buy. <end>  beautiful  The ring arrived in a timely manner...I love the ring so shiney sparkley I get lots of compliments .. <end>  Not No Tarnish Ring!  This ring was beautiful when I first purchased it. I have now worn the ring 3 times and the metal is as dull as a hub cap. It seems as though there was no rhodium plate on it at all! Unfortunately I did not wear the ring right when I bought it and waited 6 months until I lost some weight. I am very disappointed and I will not be ordering from Gem Ave again. Think twice before ordering. If I could I would return this ring. <end>  No Bling, I Got Zinged!!!!  This ring does not have a decent sparking eye catcher, it looks like plastic with some sparkle. if you get the ring it certain light.I re-ordered another CZ ring, as I am not willing to throw in the towel, as I have had no problems with all merchandise-this ring was sent by an outside vendor.George Perrier <end>  perfect!  I bought this ring because I'm pregnant and my wedding rings no longer fit. It's comfortable, looks great and I love having a ring to wear when I go out! <end>  It's okay...  The ring looks really pretty in the picture, but it's okay in real life. I guess I had a high expectation for the ring since it did cost 15 bucks (plus tax). It's just not as "glittery" as the picture. Otherwise, the quality is good. It comes with a heart-shape box. If you want a promise/purity/engagement ring, then I say buy the expensive rings AND it looks (at least)better in real life so you feel that you haven't waste any money. <end>  Still here  I was not as pleased as I'd hoped to be when my ring came. Smaller then expected and stones smaller also. The shipping was very fast and company attitude was wonderful. <end>  She's Very Happy!!  Bought the ring for my girlfriend! I gave it 2 her easter day!! I put the ring inside of an egg and gave it 2 her!! She loved it!! =D Very pleased! <end>  Didn't Last as long as hoped  I bought this ring 2 years ago. When I bought it I loved it! The gems still sparkle and it is still a very pretty ring despite the scratches the surface has developed. Unfortunately, a gem has fallen out and I have had to clean it twice because muck gets stuck on the inside where the gems are sitting. I am currently on the market for a new one but I will definitely keep this one near. <end>  Absolutely perfect!  My fiancee and I purchased this ring as my wedding band to accompany my 2 carat solitaire. It is absolutely perfect in its classical elegance and is a perfect match with my engagement ring. We had originally looked at just a plain band, but went with ring instead - and I couldn't be happier! Will post a picture in 9 days when we are married!! =] <end>  Overpriced for what you get  Hated this thing as soon as I opened it. Not nearly as "shiny" as it was in the pic and the stones don't sparkle at all. The ring looks dull, plating has chipped off in some places and the stones look terrible (always have though).I ended up going to Khols and getting a ring for $10 that is much more attractive and people actually ask if its real.It amazes me that there are so many people who love this item; maybe I just got a dud or they have never gotten a ring out of one of those quarter machines and think this thing is great.. <end>  SO DISAPPOINTED  In the picture shown here the ring looks big and clear with shiny diamonds, but in reality it looks like a fashion ring someone would by for $5.I ordered a size 6, which is small obviously. But the CZ, they were so small and u can bearly see them, and they dont sparkle like the picture shows.The metal is shiny, i like it. Some people say it looks cheap but that is their opinion.The delivery and packaging was excellent.It came in this cute red box and arrived in 1 week. <end>  Nice Ring  I bought this ring as a purity ring and I really do like it, I have been wearing it everyday, I never take it off. It does tarnish a little and isn't sparkling clean...but that may be due to the fact that i don't shine it? <end>  My review for the ring I bought.  Well,I honestly thought the ring is beautiful.While I was looking for a ring to buy here on Amazon.com,I saw the ring I bought and I thought it looked beautiful and lovely so I bought the ring. ) <end>  Not bad, not great  I've waited a few weeks to post this because I wanted to see how the ring held up. I've worn it maybe 10 times and it seems to be holding up ok. However the stones in the ring have very little sparkle and don't really show up well. They are a decent size and the ring itself is very realistic looking but there is no life to the ring. It is most likely due to the princess cut of the stone which has very little light refraction. I should have stuck with the round stones and I'm sure I would have been happier. All in all, the ring is good just not exactly what I was looking for. <end>  better than what I expected  Relying on the reviews above, I bought this ring because it looks so gorgeous. It was delivered really fast and looked even better in life. It fit well and felt nice, too. I love it, especially that it resembles white gold, which we can't afford at the moment.. I like the fact that I don't have to worry about scratching it or anything, and it stays shiny too. Absolutely love it. Will recommend it to anyone who's tight on the budget, but still wants/needs a ring ;) <end>  A beautiful temporary fix  I bought this ring to tide me over while my finger sizes are changing due to arthritis. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived in a very pretty small ring box. The ring is beautiful, very highly polished and the stones just glisten. I am saving this ring to wear for special occasions because wearing it makes me feel special. I love it!!! <end>  Shiny as I wanted  Nice ring for its price. I really liked how shiny it is. It has a good weight not light which makes it as a real ring. Also you can feel how solid it is when you hold it not loose and light. <end>  gorgeous ring  i ordered this ring due to the fact i had lost weight and didn't have the money for a real diamond band. I was surprised when i got the band that it looked so real.The diamonds looked like real diamonds. No one could tell the difference!!I highly recommend this ring!! It has not changed color and it looks like platinum. <end>  I love the ring...  I love this ring... I bought it to wear as an everyday ring because where I work my real wedding set gets put through the ringer... I have received many compliments and nobody knows it's not real.... The shipper was great a pleasure to do business with .... <end>  bright clean beautiful look  This ring is my wedding ring and i couldn't be happier with it. I wanted a CZ ring because i dont want to buy diamonds. (a horible industry i wont give my money to!) So i wanted an alternative. This ring is very underrated and elegant. It is perfect by itself, i tried it with a band but that was too much. I would recommend this ring to those who are looking for a inexpensive,and socially conscience alternative to diamonds.UPDATE from 2009,stone fell out after about a month. <end>  It makes me feel pretty!  My fianc&eacute; proposed with this ring and I was totally smitten with it! I am anti "real" jewelry from jewelry stores so this was absolutely perfect for me. It's gorgeous in its simplicity and I love the way it sparkles (especially in the sunlight!) I often find myself admiring it. It's nice and light weight. I get compliments on the ring by other ladies a lot as well. <end>  Great ring  This ring is beautiful and sooo sparkly. I love it...an excellent ring for the price...looks much more expensive <end>  Lovely  Beautiful ring! Fits perfectly & goes great with the other band I bought from Gem. Will definitely buy from again!!! <end>  great ring for the price  I love this ring, it is really nice and looks real. I just got it to wear everyday instead of my good ones. <end>  More than I...  I ordered this ring for my girlfriend and can't wait to give this to her. I received it alot faster than excepted and was amazed at the clarity of the stones. Very impressed with the quality for the money. <end>  Patty from mich  This ring was evrything I thought it would be and more I love it. I got it to stack with another ring and looks as if they were bought as a set 2 tumbs up. quailty is a 2 tumbs up also. <end>  Not bad for less then $20  When the ring arrived and I opened the box I was not sure what to expect, but I was not too disappointed. If the ring is 'inspected' I assume you can tell it's a 'fake' however once I put it on my hand for a couple days it just blended in with the rest of my jewlery. No one has ever 'suspected' it. So, if your going for that wow factor and really want a ring you can show off maybe you should consider paying more then $20! But, if you just want something to wear on that ring finger and 'blend' into the back ground this is a great deal! <end>  great deal  Perfect ring to wear occasionally with your wedding band. Simple and elegant. Solid ring. <end>  Brilliant  These came in the most beautiful packaging, I can't wait to give them to my kids. I just got married and I have 2 kids, these are going to be their "wedding bands"!! I can't think of a more precious gift! <end>  I love the band!  I really love the band. I bought one for me and a men's ring for my husband of 20 years! However, this is now the 3rd time I am writing a review for the same product. Not sure why I'm asked to review again. <end>  Not bad for the price  I've had the ring for a week now and have had no issues with it. I have sensitive skin so I can't wear the rings from the dept. stores, but this ring, despite the price, has not affected my skin. The rhodium coating is what helps that. I am wearing this as my wedding band since I lost my set.Can't tell it's "cheap"!It was shipped right away, as well.***Editing this review years later. It is now Jan 2013 and I am on here ordering a new one. We're not ready yet to replace my original set with a nice anniversary band, so I am back here to buy a new one after having had to cut this ring off. I bent the ring when I was pregnant and trying to cut it off my finger, after the fingers swelled...Anyways, this ring lasted great. I once told a friend that this ring was only $20, she was shocked. The quality has lasted through out the years. I'm paying $20 for what I'd pay for a very basic band at a jewelers for $100+. The ring never did irritate my skin and the jewels never fell out. The band did slightly dull after some time, but it wasn't noticeable. <end>  Excellent purchase  I ordered this ring and it came right on time and it is just as beautiful as in the picture. I'm very happy with the ring. <end>  ring  The ring is beautiful, a little too big. That was my fault. Still sparkling! I love it! <end>  Great ring!  I recently bought this ring to wear to work. I work in a factory and was afraid of losing a diamond or damaging my original set. I wanted something a little flashier than just a plain band. But wouldn't really worry too much about. This ring is perfect. It looks great on and when it gets a little dirty I just put it in sterling silver cleaner, and it comes out looking like new. When my mom saw it she said she liked it better than her own. <end>  Not good.  Cheap material. Not durable at all. Vending machine quality not worth the price. <end>  Excellent price, Excellent Product  This shipped quickly- got here before Christmas! Also, it is almost an exact replica of my wife's wedding band in silver. <end>  Perfect...just what I needed  During my pregnancy, I was sad to find that my rings no longer fit. I bought this ring largely based on the positive reviews and the fact that it looks essentially just like my wedding band.I was not disappointed. The ring looks beautiful, and I feel confident wearing it. I can tell it's not real just by comparing it to my wedding ring, but I don't believe anyone else would ever guess without detailed scrutiny. I also am glad I don't have to worry about the plating coming off and the ring looking brassy since the sterling silver ring with rhodium plating keeps a shiny, white gold appearance, just like my real ring.The 4MM size was bigger than I expected but not a problem since I have slightly larger hands. The price was right, and I'm very happy with the ring. <end>  above expectations  we got this ring for my wedding dec 9th since time and money was important. I figured it would turn my hand or look dull, but not at all. Its almost a new yr and it still looks great with my platinum engagement ring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Just like the real thing  I bought this ring when, during my pregnancy, my wedding band became too tight. The ring is gorgeous; I've gotten several compliments, and always enjoy the surprise when I tell people this isn't my 'real' ring. It has stayed sparkly, too, despite the wringer I put it through  no nicks or scratches, and it cleans quite easily after I get some lotion between the stones. <end>  Beautiful Ring...Great Price!  The ring was absolutely beautiful! The stones and the ring were both flawless. It even arrived in a small, heart-shaped gift box with a bow on top which made it perfect for presenting to my wife on our anniversary. I couldn't be more pleased. Thanks. <end>  Amazing  I bought this for my mom for mothers day and I know she is going to love it. It is a Beautiful ring, exactly as it was described, will look great with everything!! <end>  Beautiful Ring!  This is a very pretty piece, you must keep it clean however, or it loses it's beauty. I love it! <end>  VERY PLEASED!!  Received my ring in record time in a beautifully packaged box, and it is absolutely gorgeous! Looks just as it is pictured. Very clear and shiny, and a perfect fit!! Both my original rings were stolen during a recent business trip, so I have been looking for a "replacement" ring, while we wait to purchase my 10th anniversary ring later this year. This was an absolutely perfect choice! <end>  Extremely Pleased with this ring!  I bought two of these rings to fit on either side of my own platinum princess wedding ring to help anchor and to add to the ring. Perfect fit! I have had a lot of compliments on my "new ring". <end>  What a JOKE!!!  I have NEVER even received the ring! I was sent the wrong ring(which was $13 cheaper), had to pay to mail the ring back, and have never received a refund, a response from the seller or the correct ring. <end>  Not very satisfied  The packaging was suprisingly pretty it came in a heart shaped box with a bow. The ring in itself was very beautiful and fit perfectly albiet a few centimeters bigger than a regular 8 the only problem is the beauty only lasted about 2 maybe 3 weeks then the "silver" looked like a cheap imitation with no sparkle or brilliance as in the first few days.The shipper though was wonderful it arrived much faster than expected and I experienced no problems with that. Sadly the ring is sitting on my counter in its original box now and has been reduced to a fond memory. <end>  Smaller than originally thought  I bought this ring as a work band for my husband. It loos in the picture like a nice thick set, but it was dainty. I ended up keeping it for myself and wearing it on my right hand. after wearing it for two weeks, Two of the settings fell out. A little dissapointed, but don't expect much for the price. <end>  As beautiful as it looks!  I received my ring one day earlier than I was expecting it. It came in a very cute little box with bow. The ring is gorgeous and fulfilled my expectations. I love it! It is very classically beautiful, sparkly and comfortable. I cannot imagine paying such a small price for this ring. Very pleased! <end>  Liked  Came fast was right sizeWas very nice lookingAnd the kids were very happy to give to there mom <end>  nice ring  it's a good product overall. fast shipping. good service. i'd recommend this product to any guy who's looking for gifts to give their girlfriend/wife. <end>  Awesome Ring  I must truly say that this piece of jewelry is much better to view in person than online. Truly an amazing piece. <end>  Candy machine ring.  I bought this ring as a Christmas present for my wife with the intention of getting the inside engraved with our wedding date and some nice words, as the wedding set that I bought for her is too thin to have anything engraved in it. Although it is a rather inexpensive ring, we were hoping/ expecting something of higher quality after reading all of the positive reviews on Amazon. The silver is not very shiny and the Cubic Zirconia looks like clear plastic. The underside of the ring where the Cubic Zirconia is set is not filled in and therefore highly limits the engraveable space in the ring and adds to the "Cheapy" look. <end>  925 sterling silver ring  Very quick shipping. Beautiful ring. Surpassed my expectations.TDRZ-5600-5 Nickel Free .925 Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 <end>  Love it!  Beautiful ring! It arrived in 4 days, once we opened the box we were speechless! It's a great ring especially for the price. It looks slimmer than in the picture but its great it sparkles like the real thing. I would definitely recommend this product! <end>  OK  Looks great and a good deal, but placing of the stones could be better. One of the stones looked like it was jammed in so the housing is scraped and the stone seems out of place. Like the way it fits and looks good, but would not buy again. <end>  Patricia  I love this ring. I have had it for a couple of years now, and I wear it all the time, as a wedding band. Because it is sterling silver, it scratches a little more easily, and I have a few scratches on it, but it is still very pretty. I recommend this ring. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring turned out to be just as beautiful in person as it is in the picture. Great quality! <end>  Overly Shiny Metal, Dead Gems, and Dents  My fianc&eacute;e and I were going to be married in two weeks and we didn't have enough money for the diamond ring we wanted. We put $100 down on layaway and came over to Amazon to get an inexpensive placeholder.I have always been a fan of cubic zirconia, believing that if you put a zirconium (?) and a diamond side by side the zirconium will always sparkle better. And because of the one reviewer who talked about social consciousness I was secretly hoping that this ring would be so beautiful that we'd skip getting the diamond ring and just keep this one. (But you know how women are, they have to deal with all the people who are going to ask them if those are real diamonds or not.)So there we were, me with my secret hopes, when the box arrived in the mail. I waited until I picked her up from work to give it to her. We were in the car on an overcast day when we opened it. And we slowly opened the box, hoping for sparkling brilliance, and it just lay there, dead. Not a single sparkle off a single "diamond." The metal, however, was surprisingly shiny. Way too shiny. It looked like painted plastic. If this wasn't bad enough we both immediately noticed a small dent!!!!!!! right on the top of the metal, right by the gemstones. There was no way that this dent could have occurred in the box; they had to have shipped it out this way. But wait, on closer inspection, there were TWO dents. They seemed like they could be made simply by pressing a thumbnail into the ring, though I was afraid to try this because I didn't want to add another flaw to the ring.We moved the ring around, covering it with our hands, and could never get the gems to sparkle. It was a huge disappointment. I wonder if we even got the same ring that everyone else got. I wonder if we just got cut glass or something.Oh, I forgot another flaw, one of the gems was just slightly off, so when you look at the faces of the gems, one always has a different look. Not noticeable from a distance really, but upon inspection.So she is still wearing the thing (we got married on the 14th of feb 2010) and it is a disappointment every time I see it. It is always, always dead. (I originally hoped that the overcast day had something to do with the lack of sparkle.) There has been only a single lighting condition, one time, when it sparkled. It got my hopes up, ("Hey, it's not so bad," I said), but that was it, died after that and has never come back to life.The questions I'm left with are  Did I just get glass? Did the diamond ring in the store just look good because of jewelry store lighting? Would that diamond ring look just as dead during the average day? If we took our cheap zirconia ring to the jewelry store, would it look good in that light?If I ever get these questions answered I'll let you know. Meanwhile, we live with tragic disappointment and embarrassment as we wait to get the hugely more expensive ring. The one positive is that no one has asked her if they are real diamonds. Interestingly (suspiciously) no one has commented on the ring at all. I think that says something about how cheap it looks and they are trying to protect her feelings.She is so brave to continue wearing it. Really, I cry when I think about it.(Dude, people all over the world are starving and victims of war and poverty  get over yourself.) <end>  looked better online  THis product looked larger and clearer online. Not really satisfied, but it will pass as long as no one looks really close. <end>  Temporary Band  We bought this along with the ".925 Sterling Silver 6 MM Wide Plain Band Ring" as temporary commitment bands. This one is holding up a lot nicer. It is being baby'd though. It will do until we can buy the actual wedding bands. You get what you pay for but this is a decent ring for the price. <end>  Wondering what kind of cut???  Well I got this ring for myself because my fiancee and i decided to push our wedding up by four months and it is right around the corner and well lets face it i had two weeks to get a wedding band and had to afford it right now too...Anyway, I couldn't tell by the pictures what cut the stones are in the ring, but I ordered it anyway (did i mention i was in a hurry???). The stones are princess cut and i really wanted round to match the ones in my engagement ring, (even though our plan is to replace it with real) but this ring is absolutely gorgeous. You can't tell that it isn't real...looks genuine next to my white gold engagement ring...Actually it looks better, shiner cuz my engagement ring band is scratched.So if you want my advice, I love this ring and am definitely happy with what i ordered. <end>  Very Beautiful!  I received my ring very quickly, and it came in a cute silver box with a bow on top. Just in time for valentine's day. I only just received my ring, and so far, I have been satisfied with the brilliance and the sparkle of the stones. I'm very pleased with my ring. <end>  Sterling Silver Band  The ring is beautiful!! It fits perfectly and it's very light. I love it! It took a while for me to get the ring, but it was worth it. <end>  So pretty!!  I'm so pleased with this ring!It's even prettier than the picture shows.It came fast, and was packaged beautifully. <end>  Sterling Silver Wedding Band Womens  I was very pleased to see that this product looks exactly like in picture and even better. <end>  CZ and Silver ring  This was a great buy! Unlike other CZ rings it is small and very beautiful. It isn't gawdy like some can be. Glad I bought this one as well!! I would definitely recommend this one as well. This really is a great company to deal with as well. Thanks again!! <end>  very nice  very nice i will use it as a back up to my wedding ring thank you very very very much <end>  Ring that shines!  I wear this ring daily and I love it. It is a casual ring and goes with anything. It is simple and is an eye catcher. <end>
 B0007TAHVG  Men's Heavy-Duty Sierra Link Titanium Chain 8.25" Bracelet with Magnets ||	  OK Buy  This bracelet is great looking in person. It dodnt go over so well with him though. Matter of tasted. Keep in mind it is titanium and therefore is grey charcoal colored. <end>
 B0007TAHVQ  Nordic Talisman Thor's Norse Thors Hammer Pewter Cross Pendant Necklace ||	  Pretty nice  My only quarrel with this was the incredible thin chain that was included. As much as I tried to keep it in one piece, it broke in less than a week. The talisman itself I liked, I thought it was very nice. I will probably be buying a heavier or more intricate one soon, but this one is very nice, especially for those on low-budget, like I was when I got it! <end>  get it for the pendant and not for the chain  I think this pendant is beautiful. people don't even know what it is or how symbolic it is for me and they compliment me on it all the time. the chain that comes with it however - like another said broke within a week. it had numerous kinks in it when it came before i even put it on that i had to get out.just not a good chain at all. but i didn't buy it for the chain i bought it for the pendant and the pendant looks exactly like its picture and is in wonderful condition and i've been wearing it for weeks.many compliments and i absolutely love it. not too heavy - not too big - i feel its just right for a necklace and i wear it daily.i would buy this again - i'd just make sure i also bought a chain for it <end>  Pleased with order proccess. Nice pendant, but miss-matched chain.  The product arrived quickly and was packaged well. Pleased with the over all order process. The chain is a very bright silver, doesn't match the pewter pendant. The chain is also much to small and feminine for a male to wear this necklace. I Had to go out and buy a new chain in order for my boyfriend to be able to wear the pendant. The pendant is very nice though, seems good quality. <end>  Cool Pendant, but Fragile.  I love the look of this Mjolnir pendant and wore it everyday for over a year. However I had the pendant on a metal chain and over time the chain ate away at the pewter loop on the back of the pendent until it eventually broke off. So now I'm in the market for a new pendant. If you've got to have this particular one I would recommend using a cord necklace instead of a metal chain. <end>  Passed the test of time.  I've been wearing this for a while now and it's still in great shape. It outlasted the chain I bought to wear it on and even spent some time on my key-chain! It still looks just as good as the day I got it and most people can't tell that it isn't silver. I have no regrets on this purchase. <end>  Great gift though something was missing  This item is very pretty and very durable. My husband (fiance at the time) wanted a Thor's Hammer pendant for his birthday to celebrate his nordic roots. I ordered this item and it was shipped to me rather quickly. I wrapped it and put it away not paying attention to the little details of it (I had spied him lusting after it online and bought it when he wasnt looking). On the big day he opened the box and smiled then looked confused. I had placed a leather necklace in there along with it because the silver chain was really danty but he was confused as to why the red stone was missing. Its not a big deal but ours never had the red stone so if ours has one just be careful...it may fall out. <end>
 B0007TJZT6  St. Christopher Surf Medal - Small Baby Blue/ Black ||	  The medal is lovely.  I like St. Christopher's medals - The blue overlay and black around the edge makes a nice looking medal. The back has a surfer which is a little funky but cool. Now the one star off - the chain is cheap and gave me a dreadful rash. I like the medal enough to replace the ball chain with a cord, so four stars. <end>
 B0007TY0BY  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Shape Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated High Polish & Satin Finish 4mm Mens Band Ring Size 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 ||	  Pretty, if not top-of-the-line  Firstly, this ring is very shiney and more than moderately attractive. This is what I was looking for, and so my needs were met entirely. As a "wear-it-just-because" ring, it is handsome and worth the money. However, for someone with a bit more money to use on an engagement ring (my ultimate purpose) it may be a good idea to look around some more before shelling out the cash. The part of the ring under the cubic zirconia is hollow, which takes away from it somewhat and may or may not make it less comfortable to wear. Also, the rougher band, which is slightly textured but not uncomfortbale, only goes partway around. This is not a problem when you're wearing it because you can only see the outside of the band, but it may effect how the wearer feels about it.As it is, I like it very much, and have no complaint with it, but these things might matter more to other purchasers. <end>
 B0007TYKO6  Silver Forbidden Gothic Zagan Cross Pendant Necklace ||	  Cool Cross  Very cool design. I wear it very often and it looks great. Chain and pouch comes with it as with all Forbidden jewlery pieces does. I like it because itso diffrent then your standard christian cross.Love the piece and it is actually abit sturdy to, not so fragile as you might think.Great buy <end>  Seal of Murmur  In addition to being a spiffy-looking trinket, the "Forbidden Cross of Zagan" also has the seal of Murmur, one of the Goetic demons, in the center-piece design. <end>
 B0007U07FQ  Care Bears Cheer Bear Belly Ring Officially Licensed ||	  Great Jewelry  My friend loves care bears and belly rings. The item was a perfect present. She loved it! <end>
 B0007U365Y  Milieu Jewelry Armoire 32"hx16"w Black Landscape ||	  Beautiful and functional armoire!  This was in excellent condition when I received it, not a scratch from the shipping. The painting is gorgeous and it has the perfect amount of storage, especially for necklaces. I'd highly recommend this to anyone looking for very good storage room for jewelry and accessories but also as artwork, it just looks beautiful!! <end>
 B0007U3DV6  Milieu Jewelry Armoire 32"hx16"w Red Landscape ||	  Beautiful and functional armoire!  This was in excellent condition when I received it, not a scratch from the shipping. The painting is gorgeous and it has the perfect amount of storage, especially for necklaces. I'd highly recommend this to anyone looking for very good storage room for jewelry and accessories but also as artwork, it just looks beautiful!! <end>
 B0007UBLAG  16 Gauge Bcr Hematite Captive Ring 7/16 4mm ||	  Wonderful!  I bought a total of 5 of these, 4 for ear and one for eyebrow and they are EXCELLENT, love them. <end>
 B0007UDWT4  Clear Acrylic Yin Yang Logo Belly Button Ring ||	  yin but no yang  This ring is cool but after wear it a week one of the ball end came off. No problem I thought I can just use one my others. Then a ;littlt while after that the yin yang fell out. Nice so you see I am not wasring it any more... <end>
 B0007UQMDC  Non-Pierced Clip-on Earrings - XWE127 ||	  Simply Beautiful  This earrings are just lovely and confortable to wear. They are smaller than I thought but I like it more now. They look more beautiful in real than on the screen.I recommend these earrings to anyone who is looking for a nice, delicate and high quality jewerly, to wear anytime and in any ocassion. The only thing that might bother you is the little pressure that you might feel when wearing them, due to the size and type of earring they don't have a rubber pad to soften the pressure on your ear. <end>
 B0007US76C  14 Gauge Curved Barbell Clear Retainer 7/16" ||	  Pretty good  This was a pretty good item. The shipping wasnt great, and it was a little difficult to learn to put on, however once I figured it out (use the doughnut piece on the inside) it worked pretty well. However I recently lost it after only a few weeks. I took it off for a doctors appt and couldnt remember where I put it, since it is clear it is making it very hard to find. <end>  Very Hiden  Great for trying on clothes with less grab and perfect shape for easily slip inside the hole. I used it to hide it from a friend i had yet to tell about the piercing. He's not crazy about that stuff. <end>
 B0007UWS4E  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Basket Weaved Toe Ring ||	  Well Crafted  This toe ring is another well crafted item from Silver Insanity. It's very beautiful and solid. The delivery was fast and the service was excellent. <end>  Toe Rings  Just wanted a toe ring. This one is great. Wear it during the summer. <end>  Beautiful product  The ring is beautiful in itself! But I found it a little on the small side! The service was great though, I got the ring in no time at all! <end>  Love this Toe Ring!!  This toe ring is awesome! I was really surprised at how nice it looks - even better than the picture. This in no way looks like a $3.99 toe ring. This looks much better than my other ones that I have paid over $20 for. I liked it so much I just ordered another one! HIGHLY recommend this to anyone looking for a quality looking toe ring! No one would ever guess you paid under $5 for it. <end>  Nice comfortable ring  Bought this ring for my wife, and she absolutely loves it. Very comfortable, and solid looking piece of jewelry. <end>  Great quality and price!  I got this toe ring a while ago and it has survived! It's very high quality and it looks great too. (sometimes I wear it on my pinkie finger)Well worth it! <end>  Sexy and a great bargain!!!  I bought this toe ring for my girlfriend and she now worships me for it!! I knew it would also look good on me, so I bought another one for myself. We love the Celtic Knot design, simple and tasteful yet something both men and women can wear. Makes your toes sing!!! <end>  Pretty at first, turns dull very soon  I was very happy when I saw this, it was beautiful and I did not feel it was flimsy at all. I wore it about 5-6 times in 2months and then put it away. When I looked at it a month later, it had lost its shine and looked very dull. I also think it is turning darker. But it still looks good on my foot. <end>  Great Purchase!  I am so pleased with the selection of this toe ring as it was shiny and quite beautiful. The toe ring arrived prior to the estimated delivery time which was an added bonus. I would definitely recommend this product. <end>  nice ring  I lost my fav toe ring..saw this and thought it would look good...figured for the price it was probably cheap quality and no great loss if it fell off and was lost. It is actually of a very good quality..and looks great..Now I will be sad if I lose it...nice ring, especially for the price! <end>  Like it!!  the toe ring fits nicely, not too snug or binding. It isnt as wide as I thought it would be, good thing!! doesnt turn and twist on my toe...good toe ring all the way around. <end>  loved it while it lasted  I loved this ring when I got it. However, after about a year, it snapped in half. So, I bought another one. Again, after about a year, it snapped in half. Won't be buying another one, even though I did love it and it was extremely comfortable. I'm going to look for one that has a solid outside border since I think that's what led to this one breaking. It would probably be fine for someone who isn't on their feet all day. <end>  Superfast, good quality!  the ring is beautiful, good quality and good prize- came in no time at all!It is a bit on the smaller side- while it fits my 5ft 4/ 110 lbs frame (shoesize 8) just perfect, it may not at bigger shoe/foot sizes.... <end>
 B0007UYV3A  10k Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Elegant Women's Band ||	  Love, love, love this ring!  I get SO many compliments on this ring. A friend asked if I would mind if she bought the same ring. Of course I didn't mind and now she has one too. It's beautiful and just the right size-I was looking for a narrow band type ring for my thumb. LOVE IT~ <end>
 B0007V8B76  Heavy Armor Sterling Silver Full Finger Ring Size 12(Sizes 7,9,11,11,12) ||	  Pretty Heavy, but small design flaw  I a similar ring off of a auction site. The flaw lies in the middle part of the ring, being that its a complete ring it cuts down on the flexiblity of the over all joint. I ended up taking mine to a silver smith and had him remove the back section of the middle ring and it really helped out with the flexibility <end>
 B0007VDMOS  SILVER-Colored Men's Cuff Links. Traditional double knot Cufflinks. ||	  Great but the cuffs may be a bit loose.  Beautiful. Looks great.The only problem is it's a bit "long". So, the cuffs will be a bit looser than you may expect.Still, I really love it  -) <end>
 B0007VZLH4  Sterling Silver Pink Crystal Threader Ear Wire String Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Happy Birthday to Me..  My husband bought this sliver piece along with several other things ..I love the earrings.. the crystal heart is beautiful .. I love the length .. they arrived way before expected ..the negative is the actual.. post with rubber backing .. when looking at the picture we thought they were more fish hook type earrings .. I am afraid the rubber pieces will get lost .. then what ..it the earring meant to thread into the ear past the post> this is the first pair I have owned like this .. I wore them with the rubber backing they were comfortable.. and OH so beautiful .. <end>  Better than expected  I was very pleased with these. The crystals look better than on screen and they hang at length chosen. Very nice piece of reasonable jewelry. <end>  Satisfied!  These earrings are very beautiful and have a upsscale appearance. I am completely satisfied with this purchase. Thank you. <end>
 B0007W860M  Electric Blue Tongue Ring ||	  Love it!  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted (which is pretty hard to find now a days) it's a see through color. <end>  It's pretty but it's so dark it looks black  It is super dark like nighttime dark not electric but it is nice and fits well, I like it either way ). <end>  A little color added to my face  Is cute. Haven't given it as much wear as would've liked. Simple, see, the nipple rings are blue, and though love the color, I've enough to color me in such a manner, and I kinda try having more than 1/3 of my rings a certain color at any one time. <end>
 B0007WRGSU  Breast Cancer Awareness Pink Ribbon Heart Brooch or Pin ||	  Cute but is it really worth the price?  This brooch is cute online but when you receive it, that's a different story.Since there are so many items hanging from the bottom, the whole pin goes down too. When you wear it, it seems droopy.The silver coloring on it, it not polished so it seems a bit dull to look at.I would not buy this product again or give it as a gift. <end>
 B0007WRGXU  Silver Tone Running Horse Charm Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Silver Tone Running Horse Charm Beaded Stretch Bracelet  Really cute braclet. Especially for horse lovers like my niece. <end>  Surprisingly Good Quality  I bought this for my daughter's birthday. It's of really good quality and she loves it, and I would recommend to anyone. <end>
 B0007WT3SQ  Mens Heavy Stainless Steel Cross Link Chain Bracelet ||	  unique  lovely cross style link, good quality, nice weight and silver colouring. Would recommend. <end>
 B0007YXD1C  Emerald Colored Chunky Beaded Collar Necklace [Clearance] ||	  Chunky and funky!  I like this necklace but it is a bit heavy around my neck. Other than that, it seems well made and has held up to my baby pulling on it and chewing on it. <end>
 B0007Z41UI  Cubic Zirconia Ring with Three Bezel Stone on Pave Frame ||	  christmas present  my boyfriend ordered this ring as my main christmas present a week or so before the 25th. On CHRISTMAS EVE you sent a cancellation email. I don't know what happened, but you need to rectify this situation big time. What a horrible thing for you to do on christmas! <end>
 B0007Z6TG2  Sterling Silver And Peridot Drop Earrings By Zina ||	  These are small  These are really pretty earrings but are smaller than I imagined. Also the backs fit loosely and I nearly lost one the first time I wore them. <end>
 B0007ZDUZ0  Sterling Silver Irish Wolfhound Dog Pendant ||	  Cute for dog lovers  The charm was a bit small, but cute for any Irish Wolfhound enthusiast. It has decent quality. The silver chain is not included. <end>
 B0007ZFX5U  Sterling Silver Saluki Dog Pendant ||	  Love it  I have a saluki dog and struggled to find a saluki necklace anywhere, so happy with this purchase. Arrive as sold. <end>
 B0007ZHG6Y  Sterling Silver Papillion Dog Pendant ||	  Mothers Day Gift  My mom loved this. I have had a great time with this vendor. Everything they make is well done and arrives very quickly without any problems. I really like that they have pendants of many specific dog breeds. My mom is a dedicated Papillon owner; so, this was a great gift. <end>
 B0007ZJ824  Sterling Silver Boxer Dog Pendant ||	  DARLING!!  My daughter in law has two boxers and this was the perfect gift. She just loved it!! <end>
 B0007ZN0NW  Tagliamonte Classics Collection - Pearls & Rubies 18K Gold Ring USA 6.5 | UK M | IT 12 ||	  Not well made for the price.  For an item that is so expensive, this ring is not as well made as I would have expected. Specifically, the side "columns" are not even in length. Also, the cab rubies are not uniform in color. I just had the feeling that I was paying more for the name of the designer than for the quality of the ring. <end>
 B00080631W  Sterling Silver Fantasy Fairy / Faery Pixie Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Fairy Pixie Ring  I found it to be exactly as described only much more attractive in person. A great little ring that catches others eyes making it an adorable conversation piece.Great buy for the money. <end>
 B000808KPY  Imperial Green Leaping Frog Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Love it!!!  Jewelry was nicely packaged and quickly received. I've been wearing it for over two months solid and haven't had any issues and so far it looks really shiny still! <end>  Broken merchandise  The service was excellent, I received it very quick. I wore it one time and the bottom broke off during the day. I would recommend the service of the company but not the product. <end>
 B00080M29O  Amazon.com  Men&#39;s Tie Chain Single Loop (Silver)  Clothing ||	  Looks Nice, Does the Job ... But May Wear Tie Edges  Keeps a tie in place and looks great .... but the little chain may wear your tie on either edge/side. Not a design problem ... simply a fact-of-life ... like tie tacs punching holes in your ties. <end>  Good Value  The price was right and the tie chain was better then expected. Good delivery - thanks! <end>  Would buy again  Quick delivery and the item looks very nice. I was pleasantly surprised. It is a standard size but I would prefer a larger version if I could find one. But overall it is a great buy. It looks like it has quality and comes in a nice box. <end>  Nice!  Great Quality for the price and my husband loves this. I also got one in silver to match various shirts and ties. <end>  A thoughtful gift  Bought several of these tie bars for gifts to my husbands wait staff at the restaurant he manages. Useful and still attractive. <end>  A great gift  My husband wanted a tie chain for his birthday, but I couldn't find it anywhere, very few people where them. When I found this one I knew my husband would love it and he does! <end>
 B000815KQU  ST FLORIAN CRYSTAL ROSARY CRYSTAL BEAD ||	  Very poor quality  I purchased this item in the black beads. I could not recommend it at all. For the price it is very poor quality. The St. Florian medal is simply glued to the back of the Mother Mary piece. The cross is very lite-weight and all in all this is not worth the price. <end>
 B00081AI26  Double Lock Leg Cuffs ||	  For those heavily into BDSM  This handy little item is a genuine set of leg cuffs - these are NOT play cuffs or a cute piece of jewelry, it's the real McCoy! The cuffs themselves are larger than handcuffs (naturally), and are connected by a 14-inch chain - long enough to allow movement, but definitely short enough to give the wearer the idea that they are not in charge. It comes with two keys, and can be "double locked." That is to say, they can be placed on someone's legs, and then locked in place so that they do not become any tighter.OK, where do I start? If you are already into BDSM, you will find these to be a great item, restrictive and rather intimidating in appearances. But, you MUST have absolute faith in your partner, as these things do not have quick-release button, and cannot be removed without help. This is for real bondage.If you are just starting out into BDSM, then I would NOT recommend these. Like I said, they require a lot of faith in your partner, and if they are locked on too tightly, your feet will be in danger. Plus, who can forget Stephen King's Gerald's Game?So, I recommend this item to those heavily into BDSM and who want some really restrictive cuffs. I do not recommend it to those just flirting with BDSM.(Review of Leg Cuffs with 14" Chain - Double Lock) <end>  Wearing Leg Irons  If you're into bondage and have ever wanted to wear leg irons (or you have a partner who is), then I can thoroughly recommend these.I found them easily adjustable and when they're double-locked in place they fit me very snugly and securely, but without giving me the sensation of having my ankles sliced off! Walking in them is feasible enough as long as I watch where I'm putting my feet, but anything even vaguely acrobatic such as running or kicking is right out of the question. The steel round my ankles is heavy and substantial, and the chain rattles against a hard floor - these are not some flimsy toy!The longest I've had them on so far without a break is about eight hours, but I'd suggest building up to that gradually - taking care of course to avoid soreness or swelling of the feet. They come with two keys, so the first thing I did was to separate them and put the spare key somewhere safe - DON'T lose the keys or else you'll be getting the Fire Brigade round to cut them off!They'd be far too much just as a fancy dress accessory, but if you want to experience for yourself the sensation of having to wear leg irons, then get some! <end>
 B00081NCDI  Sterling Silver Hammered Squares and Rectangles Necklace, 16.5" ||	  Lovely  This is a lovely necklace. It is well represented by the picture. It manages to be trendy without being overbearing. I was concerned when I first wore it that it would twist on the neck and not lay flat, but this was not the case. It will be a welcome addition to my jewelry collection, as I'm sure it will be to yours. <end>  Disappointed with the size  The necklace is nicely made, but the rectangles are very small and I am disappointed with this. This is probably a child's necklace rather than an adult one. Had I known the sizes of the rectangles, I would have not bought this necklace. However, as it was not expensive I am keeping it as a future present. <end>  a beautiful necklace  I just love this necklace! It's so unique. I really like the handmade quality and the hammered texture. The chain it's on is a perfect match. Well worth the money! <end>  Very nice  I really enjoy wearing this necklace. Initially I thought it was small, but now I think even though the rectangles aren't big, that makes it a nice, subtle piece of jewelry suitable for daily wear. I am enjoying this, as I got it for $15, which was a nice price. <end>
 B00083O8FW  Sterling Silver 5.0 Carat Size Oval Cut Pink Tourmaline Colored CZ Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Very nice ring  This ring was very nice and pretty, however my monitor showed the stone as being a deeper pink and it was very pale, although pretty returned for that reason. Will definitely consider buying again. <end>
 B00084WBV4  Sterling Silver Dolphin Ring ||	  dolphin ring  This product was great. I got it for my daughter as a graduation gift and she absolutely loves it. Shipped out very quickly as well. I'd order again for sure. <end>  It's not as solid as seen online  Quick delivery. Just not as solid as seen online. It's highly polished, but it's not worth $26. Beautiful though. <end>  Dolphin ring  This ring is as highly polished and well proportioned (we've all seen BAD dolphin rings, I'm sure) as it appears. So, it's lovely. The only problem I have with it is for the price it's very light weight. The photo doesn't show that the underneath of the dolphin is hollow so I was disappointed with that surprise.. again, for the price. However, as I said, the up side is is that it's a lovely ring, my daughter likes it and Eve's Addiction does a quick delivery with a lovely velvet bag and pretty box too. <end>
 B00084Y842  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Single Wave Tennis Bracelet ||	  nice bracelet for the money  This is a nice bracelet for the money. I wanted to have a silver bracelet to wear with a gold s link I already had. My gold bracelet is a 6 carat(real diamond) yellow gold and this bracelet compliments it very well. No one would know that it is cubic zirconia. <end>
 B00084ZDKK  Sterling Silver Mesh Ring ||	  Lovely ring, good seller  One of my friends has the same ring. I thought it looks really fantastic and I bought one for my self. I normally wear size 5 however the ring is really small, so I suggest to buy one size bigger. I sent the ring back for an exchange to get size 6, and I received the new one back really fast. It was impressive! The ring looks extremely shiny when you first get it but then it gets a little bit darker and looks nice. <end>  Great timeless piece  I lusted after the Tiffany's version of this ring forever and finally thought I would give this one a try before shelling out $200. I love it!! Ordering a size bigger is a great piece of advice though. I did this and it fits nicely and isn't too thick or uncomfortable. The silver is of good quality and wears well. Add their coordinating mesh bracelet and you have a polished look for a fraction of the designer price! <end>  Beautiful!  Bought this ring for my daughter and we both were very happy with the looks of it and how it was made. I did go by the reviews and bought a size bigger and it was to big. We should of bought regular size. No problems with exchanging it at all! <end>  Great Ring For The Price  This ring will save you a lot of money when comparing it to Tiffany. Anyone looking for a nice classy looking piece of jewelry that can be worn everyday without fear of losing something expensive should take a good look at this ring. I did however think this ring would be a bit brighter color wise when it came but I was disappointed to see it was darker. The picture shown when I bought it showed a brighter looking ring, however the picture shown now is accurate. Also I did have one issue with the ring and it was that one of the loops on the end were not closed all the way, and would get caught on clothing. A very simple fix of taking needle nose pliers and a cloth and pinched it to where it should be and never had a problem since. The free ground shipping is something I would stay away from, and just pay for upgraded shipping. I had it shipped the free shipping and it took 4-5 days to arrive when the company shipped it from the same state I live in less than an hour away. I am going to go ahead and blame USPS but it was getting close to the deadline for Christmas and I was afraid it was not going to show up on time. The company shipped the items I ordered the same day. I did contact customer service about the shipping and the person I spoke with was very polite and accommodating to my requests and questions and was willing to make things right and help me get what I needed for Christmas if the items didn't come by a certain date. Overall I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a silver mesh ring, and this company for any other jewelry as their prices are hard to beat, the quality is good and the customer service is top notch. <end>  mesh ring  I was very disappointed in the ring. The color is grey not sterling bright. I was looking for the somerset mesh ring but it was not available in size 9 so ordered this one which looked the same but was NOT i plan to return the ring. <end>  Mesh Ring  Nice looking ring, runs about 1/2 size small. The ring looks nice, but isn't as well made as I was hoping, the mesh breaks and starts poking out after a few wears. <end>  terrific  This transaction was flawless. The delivery was extremely fast, the ring is beautiful and just as described and the price is very reasonable. I would shop here again. <end>  great at first  This is a nice ring. I thought it very pretty when I first received it. Over time it seems to have faded in color and I no longer wear it. <end>  Workmenship  This is a very pretty ring.It has one flaw. The mesh can become slightly unraveled around the edges and get caught on cloth material. <end>  mesh ring  I loved the look of the ring. It is very comfortable. The problem is that the mesh comes apart and there are sharp pieces that catch on everything. I dont know how this can be repaired. I would not buy it again. <end>
 B00084ZK9O  Sterling Silver Stackable Cubic Zirconia Band w/ CZ Pastels ||	  much to thick  I was very disappointed with this product. the ring setting is so high all the way around that you cannot close your fingers comfortably. <end>
 B0008EKG34  Adorable Sterling Silver Lavender Jade Womens Bracelet 7.5" With Secure Toggle Clasp ||	  Wonderful Lavender Jade  This bracelet is for a friend I am going on a trip with. She will have some other lavender jewelry and this will match very well. thank you so much. <end>
 B0008G260I  Zable Stainless Steel Sun Pendant w/Lace ||	  Quality with Beauty  A beautiful piece of jewelry! I was also extremely impressed with the packaging, shipping, customer service, and presentation. It was like going back in time, to when quality and service had value had worth. I would definately purchase from this company again. <end>
 B0008GGH4O  Lunar Goddess Pendant in Sterling Silver, #2615 ||	  Beautiful and Dainty!  Wow was the service fast and boy is the product beautiful! The pendant shines and the sterling seems to be good quality! It is simple and dainty , so it's perfect for everyday. I like the design. It's unique and at the same time very simple. I love it! <end>  A great pendant for the right price  I saw this piece on the web sit months ago, but it was sold out. So I kept coming back,when I found it was back on sale so I bought it. Its a nice, slim femine piece that looks great.I also bought a nice simple sturdy 18" box chain to go with it.It's one of my favorite pendants. I'm sure that you will love it just as much or more than I do. <end>  Beautiful and unique at a reasonable price!  I am so impressed with the service and the pendant. It is beautiful and was here within 3 days. This is the second thing I have ordered from Taos Trading and I am very impressed. When I had a question about the product, I got a reply in less than 24 hrs. It's nice to know that there are honest and helpful people out there. <end>
 B0008GQL54  Tiny Dragonfly Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver, #2627 ||	  Cute earrings  My daughter loves her earrings. They are exactly as dexribed with great detail. Thank you for a good product at an excellent price. <end>
 B0008IUJVO  14k Yellow-gold High-polish Women's 6mm Ball-earrings ||	  not great  These are much smaller than I thought (although they measure exact to description). Backs are loose and post is very short. <end>  nice buy  the quelity is good it catches the light the gold has a rich gold look to it ,the claps should have been a little bigger <end>
 B0008JF8AA  Sterling Silver 4mm Ball Earrings ||	  Great everyday earrings.  These earrings are great for everyday wear. Post are long enough and the clasp is strong. Very pleased with purchase. <end>  silver ball earrings  It was on sale at great price, and free delivery.Very shiny pair of silver ball earrings. The backs are a bit too big for me, though. I prefer smaller backings, but overall, they're okay. <end>  I love these!  I love them they are small enough for everyday wear, and people coment on them often about how they like the smaller size and how they have a nice shine to them. I also usally have problems with my ears hurting or getting sore after wearing some earring but not with these and this type of metal defently worth the price! <end>  Faulty Clasp  I loved these earrings, and at the price, I thought they'd be great. However, when I got them, I quickly discovered that the back for one of the pair was too loose to actually stay on the earring. Within two days, the earring had fallen out and I have yet to find it. There $15 down the drain! <end>
 B0008JF8B4  Sterling Silver 7mm Ball Earrings ||	  Look beautiful  Just arrived today, along with the 5mm ones. Both look so beautiful. A nice shiny silver and just the right size. I bought them on sale for 60% off, so it was definitely a good deal! <end>  Prompt delivery and good quality earings  The earings are of a good quality. BUT, these earings became a bit tarnished quite soon even though they are made of sterling silver. This probably happened from their contact with water. I hope that I can do something to restore the earings back to their former luster. I hope that my polishing cloth will remove the tarnish. <end>  Silver Ball Earrings  I was very pleased with these earrings. I wear them more than I thought I would. The size is perfect. I even get compliments on them. I would highly recommend them as an excellent accessory. <end>  Love these earrings  Earrings arrived on time and as expected. Very pretty!! I bought additional pairs to give as gifts. I'm sure whom ever I decide to give them to will be very happy as well. <end>  Great earrings at a great price!  I absolutely love these earrings! They are the perfect size and they go with everything! I would highly recommend buying these! <end>  Beautiful Earrings!!!  I love these earrings, they are large and very noticeable and appear to be very good quality. I got them 1/2 price too so for the price, excellent, excellent value! <end>  Great Basics!  If you're looking for a great pair of basic posts....these are it! Nice size...not tooo small not too big <end>
 B0008JHBKU  Sterling Silver Teardrop Bremuda Blue Authentic crystal 1.5 inch Long Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Exactly as pictured  I was pleasantly pleased when I received this pendant. I wasn't sure what it would really look like in person, and it is so inexpensive, but I took a chance anyway. The rainbow of blue colors are brilliant, and the size of the pendant is large enough to display the range of colors and small enough to not look gaudy. I have worn it on a choker-length cord and a longer chain. It's very versatile. Will look for other pendants from this seller. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful!  This has to be one of the loveliest crystals I have ever seen. The cut is wonderful, the color is rich, and as the light goes through it you see every color of the rainbow. My daughter swears she sees a "heart" in the middle. It does look like a red center when the light hits it right. A great buy! <end>  Very Nice Pendant  I was very pleased with the quick delivery of this product. That's a big plus for this seller. The pendant was also much nicer than it even appears in the picture. The colors are very rich and vivid. This is a versatile piece that could be worn in a number of ways. As someone else mentioned, it does have a nice weight to it so it centers nicely. I think you'll be very pleased with this pendant. <end>  Wonderful Jewelry!  This jewelry was even better then what I expected for such a cheap price! It is so sparkly and lightweight! It was a perfect ensemble for my sundress this summer! <end>  My Fav  LOVE THIS STONE!!! BLUE IS MY COLOUR...SO WHEN I SAW THIS PIECE IT WAS A MUST HAVE....SO HAD A LOT OF TALK ABOUT MY STONE,WEARS IT MOSTLY WITH MY LIGHT BLUE SCRUB TO WORK...LOVE IT!!!! <end>  I love it  It is a good product and it is value for money. I am very satisfied and happy with my purchase. <end>  Bermuda Blue  I bought this and the Pinkas gifts for fellow employees in my office and they both love the colors and clarity as well as the perfect size of the crystals. <end>  Gets attention and looks expensive  After reading other reviews I decided to purchase the blue pendant. It came quickly and was as pretty as I had hoped for. I am wearing it on a 16 inch silver snake style chain and the pairing makes it look much more expensive than it was. I got alot of compliments on it and might order another color. I'm not sure if the painted backing would hold up to everyday wear but I'm only wearing it a couple times a month. Would recommend to others. <end>  wearing this today  I am wearing this pendant as I am writing this. It's very very pretty, only trouble I had was that some of the backing flaked off so it is clear in a spot or two. For the money it is quite eye catching. It's not a forever piece but so pretty in the sun! <end>  Sterling Silver Swarovski Crystal Tear Drop Pendant - Blue  This pendant is absolutely stunning! It has a nice weight to it and solidly made. I've received many compliments on it thus far and am very happy with my purchase! <end>  Very nice pendant  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my best friend, since she likes crystals. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the item was when it arrived. I wasn't expecting it to be as colorful as it was in the picture, but it's really nice--from one side it looks solid blue, but from the other side you can see multiple colors. I'm pretty sure she'll like it, though I'm tempted to keep it myself, haha. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  This is a beautiful pendant. The color is so rich and the size is perfect. I'm still amazed at the quality of this piece of jewelry for the price. I couldn't be happier with it. Do not hesitate to get this for yourself and enjoy all the compliments that come with it. <end>  Beautiful Swarovski Crystal  I wish the picture could show you the beautiful facets of this crystal when you turn it back and forth in the light. I will be buying more of these for gifts because I refuse to give mine up. Great gift for yourself or anyone you even remotely like. <end>  Beautiful pendant. But take these reviews with a grain of salt.  The pendant is beautiful and I think its recipient liked it. It is smaller and thinner than I'd expected but that's my own fault for not looking up the product dimensions.That said, anyone buying this product on the virtue of the reviews should be aware that whenever Gem Avenue receives a positive seller rating, they request that their buyers review the products positively as well. Therefore, the reviews that appear here are skewed to reflect the buyers who liked the product, not those who didn't.I, for one, liked the product. But caveat emptor. <end>  Rich peacock blues and greens  You will be well pleased. Lots of sparkle and rich deep peacock greens and blue. A beautiful eye-catcher. Good weight keeps pendent in place. Back is painted gold. <end>  Radiant Jewelry  I have bought a few Swarovski pendants and earrings from Gem Ave. They are beautiful and sparkle like diamonds. The products arrived very quickly. They are inexpensive and feel great to wear. The pendantsare very light.Buy one for yourself and one for a friend!Michele,Phoenix, AZ <end>  Great Pendant  Extremely fast arrival and is exactly as pictured. It reflects the colors beautifully and fits on most standard chains. I am very pleased with it. <end>  Pretty  It's a very pretty pendant that catches the light very nicely. It looks exactly as it does in the picture. I bought it as a Christmas present and I know my friend will love it! <end>  I like the blue!  I got 3, one ea for my wife, her aunt and our daughter and I knew they would trade off, but I think the blue is my favorite Easy to see because of the deep color and VERY good prices! <end>  Beautiful pendant  Beautiful piece, very colorful and outstanding way of catching light. Just what my Mom wanted <end>  Lovely Pendant  This Pendant shines when light hits it. My mother is a collector of these. I bought two of the Swarovski Crystals for her and she loves them. They will add to anyones jewerly collection. <end>  Blue Crystal pendant.  I ordered this pendant because I am nurse and have to wear royal blue every day and looks very pretty with my scrubs. <end>  Very pretty pendant  I bought the pendant and earrings to wear with a teal dress. It matched beautifully and I received many complements about how beautiful it was. <end>
 B0008MF9II  Sterling Silver Threader Earrings w/ Natural Carnelian Stone total length 3 7/16" Long ||	  Perfect  Great product at a give away price. Expected junk at this price, but received a lovely earring instead. Sterling silver with a petite carnelian drop at the end of the threader. Great delivery too. Thought of giving this as a gift but have decided to keep it because it is charming. <end>
 B0008Q5KZQ  Sterling Silver Threader Earrings w/ Natural Green Onyx Stone total length 3 7/16" Long ||	  Great Puchase  Very elegant, very unusual threader earrings. Delicate but classy. No regrets with this purchase. Can be used with formal or cocktail wear too. My only wish is that there were more varying stones available in this style. <end>
 B0008QDPBC  Sterling Silver Italian Thread Earrings with Marquis drop total length 4 1/2" Long ||	  Love them!  These earrings are beautiful, just like the picture. They arrived quickly, and were packaged nicely. The only reason I gave them 4/5 stars is the "thread" part is a little thicker than I was expecting. They are a little uncomfortable to wear the first few times. I have tiny ears and earlobes, and my earring holes are not stretched out very much, so that may be part of it. Otherwise, I love them! <end>
 B0009311Q0  Child's Crucifix Pendant in 14K Yellow Gold ||	  Tiny  I thought that this was a beautiful piece for my 10 yr old foster-daughter's baptism, and it is, but I need to learn to consult a ruler prior to purchase, as I'm terrible at visualizing dimensions. This is definitely more appropriate for a smaller child. <end>
 B000936C5K  14mm Wide Steel Mesh and Sterling Silver CZ Bar Ring size 8(Sizes 8,9,10) ||	  Wdie Steel Mesh & Sterling ilver CZ Bar Ring  A good looking and fitting ring if you like wide bands.. <end>
 B00093CSG2  Long Sterling Silver Celtic Twisted Knot Drop Earrings ||	  beautiful!  bought these as a gift for my 21 year old daughter and she loved them. They are beautiful and much larger than I expected. even came in a nice box with a nice velvet bag (if I remember correctly). would purchase from here again! <end>  Very Nice  Mine were not tarnished at all. They were very pretty, shiny and packaged well.Great pair of every day earrings for the price. <end>  slightly tarnished  The earrings feel well made and are pretty. They are not flimsy. However, they were slightly tarnished and I had to polich them before wear. <end>
 B00093UTOU  Sterling Silver Burnt Red and Light Green Jade Bracelet ||	  Not a quality product.  This beautifully photographed bracelet was a Christmas present for my elderly mother who resides in a nursing home. She received the bracelet; however it was NOT gift wrapped, which I paid extra for and a link from the bracelet was dislodged from it's setting, unable to be placed back. I have contacted the seller twice, with no response.I gave this product (1) star as there is not an option (0)stars. <end>
 B00099Z3S6  Mother of Pearl Butterfly Ring (size  7) ||	  BEAUTIFUL!  This ring is picture perfect! I've been wearing it for over 2 months, and the metal and mother of pearl still look like the day I bought it. Fit was perfect as well. <end>
 B0009A30XU  10mm Sterling Silver Bead Bracelet ||	  Love it!!!  I got this bracelet today. I cannot tell the difference between this one and the Tiffany's except for the price. I think any girl would like it. <end>  Very beautiful bracelet  The bracelet is beautiful and appropriate for dress or casual. However, it is difficult to clasp. I would still purchase again because it is so attractive and comfortable. <end>
 B0009ALML2  Sterling Silver Round Rainbow Moonstone Stud Post Earrings ||	  Larger than Life  They were quite a bit larger than I expected, I don't recall if they listed a size on the page. But I am 100% pleased with the many other purchases I've made with Silver Insanity. <end>  Not Great  I was quite disappointed with these earrings. They stick out too far from my ear lobes and the posts are flimsy and bend way too easily. Also, the stones do not even begin to resemble each other - it doesn't exactly look like a pair. You get what you pay for. <end>  Moonstone Studs  These earrings are pretty nice - they are much larger than I anticipated and the studs are very long, so not very good for sleeping in. The moonstones are a very good quality though & very colorful. They are made fairly well & I would recommend them for anyone looking for large moonstone earrings. <end>  Beautiful earrings!  The earrings are beautiful and the stones are quite large. If Moonstone's your thing, they're a MUST HAVE! <end>  Perfect Size Moonstone Stud Earrings  The silver bezel setting is very well done. The stones are approximately 7-8 mm and are beautiful with a wonderful blue sheen. The price can't be beat and these are a great value for the quality of the stones and silver. Excellent purchase. The order was handled well and item delivered as promised. Beautiful! <end>  excelent  I do a lot of shopping at 'amazon.com They treat their customers extra special and stay in touch when I place an order. I recommend this product and others from amazon.Linda KayeEdwards <end>  Perfect  It was exactly like what the description said. I love the earrings so much I had to buy a pair for my niece. <end>  sparkles  These are very pretty but I did not relize how big they really were. I bought them for my kids and they are to big for them to wear. They are better for and adult size ear. <end>  LOVELY MOONSTONE EARRINGS!  MY EARRINGS ARRIVED TODAY! THEY MATCH VERY WELL...THEY ARE A NICE SIZE AND THE COLOR IS GORGEOUS! YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THESE IF YOU LOVE MOONSTONES! <end>  very prettty and very affordable  Arrived very quickly - packaged in a little black velvet bag - very pretty and very affordable. I love them and wear them often. <end>  View size before you buy  I didn't at all expect them to be the size they were - they are huge! I don't think they look normal on any ear. The moonstone is quite gorgeous though! <end>  Look like button earrings when worn with tension backs.A++++  Quick ship. They arrived with a lovely rainbow moon glow. As I turn my head in different ways I get golden hues, blue hues, green hues. They are perfect not too big not too small. Must be worn with tension backs in order to get that button earring nice fitting appearance. If you use the wing backs that come with them you will be disappointed if your looking for a button earring effect. The wing backs hold in a floppy way giving them an appearance of being larger and hanging. Go to any large hobby store and buy a cheap pack of tension backs ($2.49 for 20 tension backs). I only wear tension backs as once I almost lost a very important earring due to the fact my wing back had moved in such a way as to let my earring fall out. Buy these you will not be disappointed. They are quite lovely. I was excited when I saw them. My husband agreed they were a nice purchase, and you can not get him to comment too much on jewelry.For those who do not know about tension backs. These backs have a little tunnel that the post fits into securely (protects post from bending), and a tiny circular rim that holds against the back of Your ear. Very comfortable to wear and holds earrings securely in an attractive manner. I only learned about these after I headed to a jewelry store to ask them how I could prevent losing earrings that fell out due to wing backs. Everyone gives out wing backs when you buy, but the only way to wear a post attractively and safely is tension backs. <end>  kinda big  the earrings are beatiful but a bit bigger than i expected them to be. thus, heavier too. <end>  Moonstone is my favorite  I really like these earrings, but as the picture shows, they do stand out from your ear, but that's because it's a good-sized moonstone and they have to mount it in there. The quality is very good. <end>  Great buy  These earings arrived quickly and just as described. They are beautiful and I will probably buy from them again. It is a great source for post earrings for my husband. <end>  Rays of Moonlight  The moonstone in these little earrings is quite stunning. It's like having a beautiful illumination of moonlight that sparkles in these gemstones. The setting is well made. Good quality for the price. I would definitely recommend to other buyers who enjoy this stone. <end>  fast good service  My earrings shipped fast and look beautiful! The post on one is a little bent but it still works just fine. The stones are also a beautiful clear color. <end>  Nice Moonstone Post  Nice Moonstone Post. The stones are bigger than the stone in the ring that I purchase them to go with; but no one is complaining. <end>  Not very pretty  These earrings are a rather dull gray-white color, and not very interesting to look at. They did fine with the backs that came with the earrings, so no special backs are needed. <end>  finally something to match my ring!  these are much bigger than i was expecting, but not huge. i was expecting 4mm studs these are at least 7mm, it might've said in the description, but i don't remeber. they have excellent flash of color and more than one person has asked me what they are. these are simple, yet exactly what i wanted. highly recommended. <end>
 B0009B6ISI  Sterling Silver Etoile Cubic Zirconia Huggy Earrings ||	  Forget about it  There is NO quality control/quality assurance with these earrings. Ist pair-silver-post didn't fit right and I jimmied with it. The post snapped off. So I ate it on thoseand did not return them. The next pair I bought were vermeil. Same story. This time I sent them back and we'll see if I get a rebate. I tried writing twice and got no answer. Thst does not bode well.I will never buy anything from Eve's Addiciton again. I'd rather got to the "Dollar Store". They at least have bettet QA/QCGood luck people who buy from this place. <end>  love eves  i really like these earrings they are so cute! i guess some people have bad luck when dealing with companies but the customer service at eves has always been so awesome, they always answer the phone and do what they can to make me happy! <end>
 B0009B8CUU  Sterling Silver X Ring ||	  Unique  I often get complimented for this ring. It's so unique and you can wear it two different ways such as the "X" or in a way where it looks like you have on two rings. <end>
 B0009BAK3M  Roman Numeral Style Open Sterling Silver Ring ||	  comfortable ring  This is a nice ring. Very comfortable to wear. good every day ring <end>  Like the Ring  The ring shipped quickly and arrived timely. Slightly disappointed that not all 12 numerals were on the ring, but realize space is limited.Am wearing it everyday <end>
 B0009BC4X6  Sterling Silver CZ Chandelier Earrings ||	  It was a lot smaller than I expected.  It was a lot smaller than I expected. <end>  movement  These earrings really are fabulous! they offer a lot of movement and sparkle without being too big and heavy for my ears - love 'em! <end>
 B0009BD9GW  Sterling Silver Gatelink Ring ||	  Very interesting design, but runs small.  Lovely, flexible design on this. Very nice price considering the prices of silver now days. Did not give it 5 stars as the item seems to run a bit small. I had to go back and order a size up, which I never have to do unless the band is really very wide all around. I should have realized since there is no graduation to the band and it is the same size all around that this could be a problem if it was not exactly true to size. I have other bands of this width where the sizing was not an issue, so I either got one just a bit off, or it does run small. Otherwise great ring. I hope the next size up is not too big. <end>
 B0009E02J6  Sterling Silver Heart Link Bracelet with Gold ||	  not bad for $$ at all  I wanted to get tiffanys version of this... it was like 400$. This is like lead with gold coating , alot cheaper... and not bad for the price, the very low price...It prob wont last long - but its nice. If you have a big wrist, i wouldnt get this. <end>
 B0009EJ9AE  Faberge Style PENDANT EGG ||	  faberge style moonstone pendant egg pendant.  It is a beautiful piece of jewelry. My parents gave me money to buy a birthday gift for myself. I chose this and couldn't have done better. <end>
 B0009EM33E  Pugster Size 7 Marcasite Hearts Gift Fashion Jewelry Sterling Silver Ring ||	  ACROSS THE SEAS AND SIZES  I bought this ring as it looked ideal for an outfit I had and was going to wear to a wedding with a victorian theme. unfortunatly American ring sizes are numbers and UK sizes are letters and I was told by amazon that size 7 was an S and as that is what came up on amazon I trusted it. The ring would not even fit my little finger. fortunatly it fitted my daughter who is a size M or N so it fitted her perfectly and so she had it.otherwise I would have had to send it back. This is a pretty ring and she likes it a lot. The delivery was fast and customer service polite. if you like 'old fashioned' or 'victorian' style jewellery then you will like this. <end>
 B0009ENE7S  Pugster Size 7 Cz Daisy Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  Beautiful ring, lost a stone already  I really love this ring. It is beautifully made, and it sparkles in sunlight like a diamond ring would. Unfortunately, I dropped it on my kitchen floor and one of the stones came out! I have not contacted Pugster yet, but am planning to do so. I would like to get it repaired. Hopefully they can help me. I've only had it about 2 months.Otherwise, it's a beautiful ring, but check the prongs when you get it, I've noticed another one which needs to be extended, it doesn't cover the middle stone properly. I'm not giving up this ring! 5 stars if not for the prongs and the lost stone. <end>  Beautiful ring, lost a stone already  I really love this ring. It is beautifully made, and it sparkles in sunlight like a diamond ring would. Unfortunately, I dropped it on my kitchen floor and one of the stones came out! I have not contacted Pugster yet, but am planning to do so. I would like to get it repaired. Hopefully they can help me. I've only had it about 2 months.Otherwise, it's a beautiful ring, but check the prongs when you get it, I've noticed another one which needs to be extended, it doesn't cover the middle stone properly. I'm not giving up this ring! 5 stars if not for the prongs and the lost stone. <end>
 B0009ETY6S  Heavy Gauge Silver Heart Tag Bracelet Length 8 inches (Lengths 7 inches 8 inches Available) ||	  No Way  This braclet is sooo cute, right? So why did I rate it one star? Because it is waaay more money than it should be. I bought one from Claires for less than 10 dollars and it looks the same. It was, of course, knock-off Tiffany, but no one REALLY cares... <end>  Perfect  love this bracelet, i can wear it with everything. nice weight and it hasn't changed colors or scratched too much since i bought it from them a while back! <end>
 B0009EYJJ0  Titanium Key Ring ||	  The keychain sucks  The first week of purchase, the plate got scratches on it(I didn't do anything though). And the stoppers kept falling off and several weeks ago, I finally lost one of the stopper and the keychain lost its function. <end>
 B0009EYJJK  Titanium Rectangular Cuff Links ||	  very elegant  I bought these for my husband's 40th birthday and got his initials engraved. He loved them and uses them as often as he can, they look very elegant, discrete and yet sophisticated. Great buy. <end>  Great Looking, Well Made  These cuff links are really good looking and the quality is excellent. I wish I had the same link in a round shape. The reason is that the links are not held in position very securely by the backs. They stay on and hold the cuff together, but the link can rotate out of position. <end>  Just like the picture!  If you like the picture, you will like these cuff links! They are represented very accurately. They are attractive, simple, modern, and light in weight. Very satisfied. Bought them for my fiance for our wedding. He loved them! <end>  Very elegant  Elegant and well executed cufflinks. The only minor negative is that some edges are a little sharp and cound use a touch up with some very fine sandpaper to round them. <end>
 B0009EYJJU  Titanium Cylinder Cuff Links ||	  Nice for 50 bucks  this cufflinks are very nice, but you should actually put attention to the measurments (they are a bit smaller than I expected) and it should be noticed that they are considerably less shiny than in the picture <end>  They'll work...  They'll work but they wont match the rest of my titanium attire (Very Shiny). I was expecting a larger set (should've paid more attention to Elijah's review). They are a very dull finish so no one will really say "Hey, those are nice cufflinks" (mainly because they wont be very noticable). Only paid $20 during the "Friday Sales" so I suppose they are worth the money. However, I would never buy these for $50. <end>  nice design. small size. minimal luster.  very nice design. the flaws are inherent with the metal itself. precious (expensive) metal --> have to make it small (which can disappear in your cuff). not much luster. <end>  Save your money.  This Item was not as nice as it appeared online. Smaller and lighter in weight than they appeared to be in the ad. <end>  great deal  For the money, you won't find a better quality cuff link. The design is cool and the quality is top notch. <end>
 B0009FHBC6  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality 18 Inch Round 6-6.5mm White Akoya SaltWater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Customer Service the way it should be done!  When this necklace originally came in, there was a small issue so I contacted the seller. They had me return the necklace free of charge and sent me another, this one even more stunning than the first.They were easy to get in touch with, courteous on the phone, and very concerned with my overall satisfaction of the necklace. I will definitely shop with them again and will recommend them to friends and co-workers! Thanks again! <end>  Exactly as advertised  I bought these as a Christmas gift and they were exactly as described. Perfect, beautiful and delivered quickly. I couldn't be more happy! <end>  Just as described. They are very pretty....no visable flaws.  No visable flaws....so pretty....great luster....pricey but worth it. Purchased for my pregnant daughter for Christmas. Box was sort of cheapy looking but the pearls were nice. <end>  Fun gift to give  I purchased these pearls for my daughter's 21st birthday. I wondered if the idea of getting pearls at that age would seem odd, but my concerns were misplace. She loved them! The pearls are uniform and have great luster. If you have an appreciative recipient in mind, who is mature enough to enjoy simple but elegant jewelery, this is a winner! <end>
 B0009FHBEE  AugustinaJewelry Double Strand 17-18 Inch 6.5-7mm White Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Critical Mom loves it!  My mother is 90 & has arthritis, wanted an attractive double strand pearl set, she dresses up every day at her retirement home, clasp is easy to do and undo for her, length is just right for that little "extra space" around the neck, she has other pearls from many travels, she rejected two other sets I bought in the Philippines (problems with length, clasp, stringing quality), she wears it regularly and likes it, that's good enough for me! <end>  Wife-well pleased  Pearls were received within four days of ordering. In my opinion the pearls are an AA grade, very well matched in size, color and shape. The strands lay perfectly when worn. Their overall appearance blends superbly with a single strand of pearls(AAA+), purchased at a price over 8 times the $149. Thanks for having a quality item at an unbelieveable price. <end>  Awesome  Wonderfully boxed. The item came with a certificate of appraisal. 1st Class company with a 1st class product. It was a big hit. <end>
 B0009FJ9W6  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality Round 6-6.5mm Akoya SaltWater cultured White Pearl Earrings with 14K Yellow Gold Mount ||	  AAA Akoya Saltwater Cultured Pearl 14k yellow gold Studs  I purchased this pair of pearls for my girlfriend and she is extremely happy with them. Item as described and shipped out in time, No problems. Would recommend to anyone looking for a nice pair of earrings to give to a loved one. <end>
 B0009FVRFS  Iolite necklace, 'Blossom in the Breeze' ||	  Very pretty but the color is closer to an amethyst  This is a gorgeous necklace. Sizewise I was very pleasantly surprised as it is a very nice size that sits well on the neck. The amount of detail does not show through on the picture. The detail around the center stone is actually a very delicate looping braid. It shows off the center stone beautifully. The metal work on the piece is very complex and the fact that time was spent on the piece is very evident. The stones are all matched nearly flawlessly in color. My only complaint and it is a very minor one is that the stones appear to be closer to the color of a deep amethyst then that of an iolite in nature. That in no way detracts from the beauty of the piece. Just know that its a very very rich purple should you choose to purchase this piece which I highly recommend. When you first open the box it will definitely be a keeper. I will wear it often <end>
 B0009G03C0  1/2 Carat Prong Set Sapphire & Diamond Hoop Earrings in 14k White Gold (with Safety Lock) ||	  The Perfect Earring!  Beautiful, well made, secure, perfect size. The company has outstanding customer service! I wish I had found these years ago I would have saved so much money on cheap earrings. I hope they add more styles in this locking hoop. <end>  perfect gift  The earrings look exactly as they appear in the picture, very good quality. they also have a very easy to open safety latch. I have no concern that the earrings may fall off from having the latch open. <end>
 B0009G11WQ  Amethyst brooch, 'Lilac Bouquet' ||	  Absolutely beautiful piece  I bought this piece because I wanted a purple broach for my Grandmother. I bought it and I didn't realize what I was buying. The piece is actually a part of a National Geographic programs designed to help artists from around the world get their designs out to the public. It took a little while to receive (2 weeks) but considering that they are handmade and imported I didn't think that as too long. The broach came packaged in a box that is wrapped in wrapping paper made by the artist. It was pressed paper with leaves pressed into the paper. It also came with information about the program, info about the artist and why they make their art, and a postcard from their native country. This piece is handmade and the beads and amethyst are beautiful. My grandmother was was extremely happy with this broach because it is such a special piece. <end>
 B0009G2P6W  Amethyst choker, 'Jungle Dancer' 2" W 17" L ||	  Fantastic jewelry from NOVICA/National Geographic  When I ran across this jewelry, I was quite pleased to find out, not only was the jewelry amazing, but that it was created/produced in Southeast Asia in coordination with National Geographic. Each piece (I have two now) arrives in its own handmade box that are about as amazing as the jewelry pieces themselves. If you are looking for jewelry for a friend or loved one, and also want to support a good cause, I highly recommend NOVICA! I bet you will be as pleased as I am. <end>
 B0009G2P8A  Lapis lazuli choker, 'Midnight Sea' ||	  Bravo!  I was very pleased with this necklace. It took a while to receive but it was well worth the wait. I've worn it once thusfar, but I received compliments immediately. The designer has obviously been able to create a delicate and feminine design that has a unique presence. What's not to like? I also like the idea of supporting talented artisans from around the world that have so much to offer aesthetically. <end>
 B0009GGZRC  Sterling Silver Loop Chain Earrings ||	  a favorite  I bought both the necklace and the earrings a few years ago and still love them! The earrings are great with the pendant or alone. They are large enough to provide an interesting complement to any outfit but not too large to detract from other accessories. <end>  Great for those who can pull off the look  one of the best received gifts I've given a girlfriend.they were pretty much what you see, not too huge, but at the same time big enough that the chain actually has a little swing to it.has a little bit of attitude to it, while at the same time not looking like rubbish. if you like what you see, I'd say gett'em. <end>  not pretty  not pretty enough to even remove from the packaging! pulled one out (pretty little bag though) and shoved it right back in! Couldn't even bring myself to give them away as a gift. <end>  Hip and fun!  These earrings are very well represented by the photo. I was worried that the loop chains would be flimsy or get easily kinked, and that does not seem to be the case. The piece will go well with a variety of styles, great for a nice evening out or a fun night on the town. I first purchased the matching necklace, and when I found the earrings, I could not resist. <end>  Unusual and fun  These earrings are unusual and I receive many compliments on them. The silver is nice and bright, too. Wish I also had the matching pendant. <end>
 B0009GH012  Sterling Silver Open Double Flower Pendant, 16"-18" ||	  Nice Necklace but Delicate  I've been eyeing this necklace for a while now and finally ordered it when it became a gold box deal. Love It!!! The chain is really delicate as is the pendant itself but it is a nice piece. I like the simplicity of the design but that it is still an eye catcher. This will look great in the spring and summertime paired with a v-neck shirt. <end>  Great necklace  Pendant is as described, and is very pretty. It's a great piece for the spring; I have worn it multiple times already and have gotten many compliments. <end>  Very nice!  I agree with the other reviewers that this is a beautiful pendant, very detailed and the quality is obviously good. I was wondering what one of the reviewers meant with "the piece of a different chain added to make it 18 inches"... I understood when I got mine. This chain is adjustable to the length you want it, between 16" and 18". It has an attached set of larger links to do that, so you can clasp it according to your preferred length. I think that's a plus... Overall a very nice piece, I recommend it. <end>  cute!  I have already gotten so many complemets on this and i just got it a few hours ago! <end>  Beautiful necklace. Great value.  This necklace was a beautiful gift for my wife. It was even more beautiful on than it was in the photo. It was big enough to notice but not so big it was gaudy. I was very happy with the purchase. I would have liked a more sturdy chain, though. <end>  very pretty  The pendant appears delicate and is very pretty. The chain has a very fine link. I don't think that it is cheap looking at all and it looks nice with the pendant. A heavier link chain could also worn for a different look. <end>  Love this necklace!!  I bought this necklace for something different and I love it. It is a beautiful addition to my collection and have received many compliments on it. It is just the right size and the chain isn't so bad either. <end>  Love it  I love this necklace. It is very versatile within my wardrobe and can be worn year round. The flower dresses up a plain outfit and gives a nice added sparkle. It is much more beautiful in person than in the picture. I have been very impressed with it's beauty. <end>  Beautiful necklace  I have already gotten so many compliments on this necklace. It is beautiful and I'm wearing it right now! It is a great size and is a very versatile piece that can be dressed up or down. I highly recommend it. <end>  Great core piece of jewelry  I placed this on my wish list and my husband later gave it to me. I love this piece. It isn't expensive looking, but it doesn't look cheap either. I love the versatility  you can wear it on a chain, cord, or ribbon in order to match the sophistication of your outfit. In other words, you can wear it with jeans and a tee-shirt or you can wear it with a formal dress.I was surprised by the size of the pendant - it is larger than I would normally wear, but it still seems dainty. Women of all ages will love the basic femininity of the pendant. (Amazon also sells a smaller version for girls.)If you have sensitive skin you might not want to wear this on bare skin because the points of the flower can be scratchy. It looks like a heavy piece that can't be supported by the delicate chain it comes with; however, it is actually very light - I forget that I am wearing it most of the time. A lot of people have been unhappy with the chain, but it doesn't bother me - it is fine for day-to-day use. If I were to wear it for a dressy occasion I probably would swap out the chain though. <end>  Lovely Pendant  Lovely necklace. The Pendant is beautiful ... the chain is nice but very thin and light weight. With the size of the pendant it would have been nice to have a weightier chain. <end>  Beautiful every day!  My fianc&eacute; got me this necklace for christmas and I have worn it almost every day for over a year now! I still get compliments on it. It's great for a day at work or an evening out. The size is perfect and it stands out nicely in photos. Sometimes people can't figure out if it is a star, a flower, or a snowflake which is cool. It adds a touch of elegance to all of my outfits. Love it! <end>  Beautiful Necklace, the chain WILL need fixing.  I absolutely love this necklace, I get compliments on it every time I wear it. The clasp on the chain didn't work from the first day that I got it. I wore it for a day or two but the necklace kept falling off because the clasp wouldn't properly close. One of my friends makes her own jewelry and changed out the clasp for me. (If you've got a clasp it's an easy task, even if you don't know what you're doing.) The flower is very prominent and will get noticed. I loved the pendant so much that having to replace the clasp on the chain didn't bother me. <end>  Very Pretty  I ordered this necklace along with the matching earrings. It is a very pretty and unique set. The necklace is large enough to be noticed, but not so big that it wears you. <end>  BUY THIS!  Great gift for the price, my gf wears it every time i see her, and she loves it.Buy this necklass. <end>  Flower is Larger Than I Expected  I purchased this item several weeks ago and was pleasantly surprised as to how large the flower portion of the pendant was. I agree with the other reviews that the chain is very flimsy and somewhat on the small size. I do have other chains to wear the pendant with. It especially looks nice on an omega necklace. The price for the item is great even if the chain is flimsy. For the flower charm you would pay a great deal more on another site! <end>  Beautiful!  My daughter bought this necklace for me about 2 years ago. I wear it often, and cannot tell you how many compliments I have received, from girls/women of every age. It can be worn with a dressy outfit, or a simple knit shirt and jeans. LOVE IT! <end>  Beautiful necklace but sharp edges  Beautiful necklace, can easily be worn with both casual and formal clothing. Size is perfect - not too large. The chain was fine for me, definitely held the weight of the necklace. Only caveat about this necklace is that the edges are quite sharp and can scratch you. I've been tempted to file down the edges... I'll update should I do so. <end>  Very pretty  I bought one of these for my mom and a few months later bought one for myself. For several weeks I wore it non-stop (I tend to do that with jewelry; if I take it off I'll forget to put it back on so I just leave it on). The tips of the petals would get a teensy bit bent but I doubt anyone else would notice. I barely noticed myself. And that was with me kind of abusing it by wearing it to bed and while snorkeling in the ocean and just everywhere. <end>  Stunning  It's a flawless necklace, larger than I expected from seeing the picture. I would say it is about as large as one of those dollar coins. It is made very securely, and I don't anticipate it breaking from wearing it unless it is roughly handled. The clasp is different from the picture because there are multiple rings that make the length adjustable. Personally, I hate spring ring clasps, since they are easily broken and difficult to put on. However, the flower is so well made that I believe it's worth it even if the chain had to be replaced. It's a beautiful necklace, definitely worth the price! <end>  Too big  This pendant was huge! It looks great online and is pretty, but was way too big. The chain is too thin and does not work well with this pendant. Buy your own chain. <end>  Birthday gift  When I received the product I was very pleased with it. It made a perfect birthday gift for a friend who prefers white gold/silver. Usually I like to see things in person before purchasing, but I like it on the website and took a chance. It was worth it. <end>  Not Too Big  Just received the pendant and love it. The flower is perfect size, not too big as other comments have said. The chain is fine, you shouldn't have to change it or worry about it being too thin for the pendant. <end>  Larger than you might expect (at least what I expected)  No dimension is given on the page about the size of the flower itself. From the picture I expected a small, delicate flower and this is a large pendant. It is pretty, but bigger than I was looking for. I would give the dimensions, but I returned it (and had to pay return shipping) and don't know what the actual measurement is. <end>  Makes a statement!  I received this as a gift, it is an instant fav! It is almost 2in-a big statement piece but the design makes it not look too heavy. It is shiny and really catches your eye. It easily transitions from tank top and shorts to evening dress and heels. The only down side for me is the "adjustable" chain. 2 inches of the chain are a larger link allowing you to clasp it at your desired length. I have lived in this since I got it and have not had the adjustable part slide to the front, so I guess it is a non issue but, the excess chain is all tangled and wrapped around the rest of the chain. Love the flower so much I will toss the chain if needed ) <end>  My favorite  I get so many complemtents on this necklace. I have purchased it for at least 3 people as gifts and they love them. I seem to lose it everytime I move homes and have repurchased because I love it so much. It is the perfect size and can go dressy or casual. <end>  Flower Pendant  Larger than I pictured in my mind when ordering it but love it anyway. Probably will change the chain as the one that came with has graduated links to wear it at multiple lengths. I have short hair and hate how that type of chain looks on the back of my neck...tacky and distracting. <end>  Unbelievably beautiful.  First  it got here quick! It was in it's bag which was in a small box, then that was in a bubble wrapped bag and put in a 12"x12"x5" box of bubble wrap. Lol. It was so big that I couldn't figure out what I had ordered. Got a huge laugh, it was in perfect shape when I got it, not all bent up like a couple reviewers said. Maybe that's why they do this now. It's beautiful! Hardly know it's on, great buy! Might get the earrings too! <end>  Love It!  I was searching for a silver pendant I could wear with various silver earrings. This is IT! I love it...just the right scale and is light. The pendant is slightly concave though, which means the sharp points of the flower edges poke a bit, but I'll get used to that. It's quite shiny, in a good way. Highly recommended! <end>  Like the Pendent  Like the Pendent not the chain, not as good as it looks. So, decided to put the pendent to a different chain. They should rather sell the pendent for a bit cheaper, which could be of better profitable <end>  Looks Great  The design looks really pretty. Fairly large, one inch or so. Chain is very thin. If you have an infant or toddler and you wife wears jewlery, you must get a thicker chain. <end>  It looks cheap up close  I did get a lot of compliments. I ended up giving it to my sister in law which was who I bought it for in the first place <end>  Beautiful!  I love this pendant! It's a great size, works on a short or long chain (I switched it to a shorter leather cord), and it's a substantial weight, not flimsy. It reminds me of some Tiffany pendants I've seen and owned, but much more reasonably priced. I've gotten lots of compliments since receiving it as a gift (it was on my Amazon Wish List!). <end>  Beautiful  This was a Christmas gift that arrived just as advertised and best of all -- on time! My sister loved it and it fit beautifully. <end>  Very Shiny  The pendant was large and very pretty, but the chain was very thin and cheep. It broke before I was able to wear it. <end>  it was gift  it was a Christmas gift and she loved it.... i really don't have much to say as i said it was a gift. <end>  Perfect  Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas.It is absolutely gorgeous in person, the chain has held up well so far and she is in love with it. <end>  Pretty but looks a little cheap.  I ordered this necklace for my daughter. When it arrived, I was dissapointed. The chain seems very cheap. The flower is very pretty though. My daughter did love it, so I suppose it was worth it. The price seemed a little high for the cheap chain. <end>  Beautiful  Bought if for my mother in-law it was exactly what we thought it would be and she love's it, I thought it was going to be bigger but my wife read the size and new it was going to be that size and it worked out great. <end>  Just Okay  The medallion was bigger than it looked and the chain was very thin. I would have liked to have seen it on a model. <end>  Very Pretty  I love this necklace its very light and dainty. I get compliments on it all the time. Great buy! <end>  Very dramatic  This is a beautiful, attention-getting product. I sometimes replace the chain with a silver or ice-blue ribbon, and strangers stop to compliment me on it. Beware  your friends and family will want you to buy them one too. <end>  Nice Necklace  The double flower pendant is very nice, and a good size pendant. I wish it came in gold, as my daughter likes silver and I bought her one, but I'd buy one too if it came in gold. <end>  Beautiful necklace  I got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it. It has a brilliant shimmer and a well made flower design. Definitely worth the $30. <end>  Open flower necklace  Sterling Silver Open Double Flower Pendant, 16" - 18"It is just as beautiful as the picture. I have received many compliments on it from my friends. <end>  Flower Pendant  The pendant was better than expected. I thought it was going to be too large, but it turned out to be just right (although I would have been happier with a smaller one). It is very elegant, cute and shines well in the light. I don't care much for the necklace either.I bought this piece as a present for my girlfriend. She loved it. She liked it much better than I thought she would and she wears it all the time. It really brings a nice touch to her ensemble and accents well. <end>  Appreciated  I bought this as a gift and my aunt loves it. She said it is beautifully made. <end>  Recieves complements all the time..  I recieved this gift from my boyfriend last year and it's one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. Whenever I wear it I recieve at least one comment about it (which the boyfriend loves, because he gets props whenever this happens). <end>  Nice silver flower  It is really nice and yes it is big. The shipping is really fast. I chose the shipping and I got it in 4 days. <end>  decent for the price  as others have mentioned, this pendant is bigger than expected. it measures a little more than 1 inch across. the chain is flimsy with a weak clasp that doesn't open and close well.but that said, the piece is simple and nice. hope it was a little cheaper though. <end>  Girlfriend is Happy  Got this for my girl friends birthday. Did get a longer, thicker chain, one that came with it is fairly thin. <end>  Silver Flower Necklace  I love this necklace! I purchased it at least 2 years ago and I still get compliments whenever I am wearing it.I don't think the chain is as flimsy as others have mentioned. However, I do notice that my hair gets caught on it quite a lot. <end>  Very feminine - love it!  Okay - to the folks who said the pendant was larger than they expected... don't rely on the picture alone. The specs are RIGHT THERE in the ad. I say this as someone who did just exactly that and was also surprised - but not disappointed - in the size.That being said... I love this necklace! Just got it for my birthday. The chain, although thin, is more than enough to hold the pendant as the pendant itself is very light - and I feel a thicker chain would probably detract from the delicate nature of the pendant. Folks looking for more stability without destroying the aesthetic might want to consider a thin box chain instead of the curb chain; I, however, love the chain and will not be changing it.This necklace will quickly become a favorite of mine - I can tell.  ) <end>  Excellent  I purchased this special necklace for my 102 year old mother. She was delighted with it. <end>  nice and good  the size is good, not small as what we worrypackage is very good and carefulthe only shortage is the chain isn't long and strong enough to match the pendant <end>  Much prettier in person!  I bought this for a Christmas present and when I showed my husband, he knew exactly who I bought if for! That's a sign of a good gift!   )It's much prettier in person, it has a 3-D look because the petals are staggered, I think it's a beautiful necklace. <end>  Beautiful necklace  I love this necklace, I wasn't sure what to expect for the price, I usually end up with jewelry that becomes unwearable pretty quick because I don't like to spend too much on necklaces, especially chains, having a 2 year old since a lot of times they get ripped off by mistake. This is very beautiful and looks like it could sell for double its price and still be worth it to me. I love it. <end>  Absolutely gorgeous!  I am complimented on this necklace every time I wear it. It is beautiful! One nice aspect is that the chain can be lengthened or shortened depending on what you are wearing. <end>  Beautiful  I LOVE this necklace. It's very elegant and yes the chain is very tiny and feels much too delicate, but anything thicker would detract from the pendant. Beautiful. <end>  Fabulous necklace!  WHen I first ordered this necklace, I was a little uncertain. Some people said the chain was so delicate it looked bad. Others said the pendant itself was of a cheap quality. These people were all wrong. The chain was very fine, but it seemed to match the delicate design of the flower. And the pendant was beautiful and looked like it had been bought at a nice jewelry store, not online. I bought it for a friends birthday, and she loved it and has worn it many times since. In fact, when my mother saw the necklace, she almost made me give it to her and buy my friend another present. It was well worth the money. <end>  gift  this item was beautiful just like all the other jewelry i purchased beautiful and 100% great product great gift for Christmas <end>  Very nice  This was a nice pendant, a little delicate, but simple and tasteful! I would order it again. It would go with many outfits. <end>  Sterling Silver Open Double Flower Pendant, 16&#34;-18&#34;  Really pretty. I was actually suprised when I opened it because of how little I paid. It almost glows when you take it out of the package. Hey guys if you are looking to get your gal something special you cant beat the price on this. I hear they have matching earrings as well (out of stock at this time). <end>  AMAZING PERFECT GIFT!  I was amazed that it was about the size of a half dollar! It is real 920 silver and is stamped on back of flower as well on chain near clasp. Perfect gift! I bought two! One for my mom and my best friend's mom! Merry Christmas them! They are going to be so amazed and think I spent a lot of money. All my friends who came and saw what I got them where like, &#34;WOW! THAT IS NICE! HOW MUCH DID THAT COST YOU?&#34; lol! <end>  Beautiful  Very shiny necklace that was a gift for my mom. She loves delicate jewelry and this is a necklace you can wear with really any outfit. I noticed other reviews complained that the chain was too thin but I think the chain looks good with the necklace and compliments it's delicate pendant. I have worn it on a few occasions and always receive compliments.Very beautiful gift for any woman. <end>  Neclace  This is a very beautiful but simple piece of jewelry. My sister loved it and wears it all the time especially when she is dressing up. I would recommend this product. <end>  Delightful!  Nice surprise! You know how hard it is to tell exactly what jewelry will look like online, and how much one has to rely on ratings? The rating that mentioned the pendant was larger than expected and looked so nice when worn was why I bought this one. It is just delightful and so wearable! Not dressy, yet dresses up a jean shirt, business cas top, or v-neck dress. Very pretty. Good buy for the price! This necklace would look good on any age! <end>  Poor quality  Will not order again as was very disappointed in the quality..especially the chain . Not worth the hassle to return <end>  One of my favorites!  I bought this piece probably 5(?) years ago and it remains one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. It is silver, so I can wear it with anything.The pendant was larger than I thought, but because of the quality of the design, that's actually a plus. It's a little pokey - if I try to lie down with it, the ends of the flower can dig in places, so I just don't do that.The chain is delicate, but over all these years I've never had a problem with it, and as others have noted it keeps the focus on the pendant itself, where it should be!Beautiful necklace. <end>  I like very much  This piece of jewelry is beautiful, you can wear it with anything, it compliments your clothes, dressy or casual, fits on any of my SS chains, which gives you the option to wear it short or long. <end>  Pretty Deal  I bought two of this silver flower pendent and it is pretty. The chain is not appropriate because it is very thin. Although I feel it is a good deal because the flower pendant is pretty. I recommend that this necklace is not for daily use..Thank YouCheers <end>  WOW  It is so pretty.. I love it.. Bigger than I thought it would be.. and just stunning can wear anytime of year.. <end>  Pretty Pendant!  For the low price that this was, I really love it. It compliments my outfits well and I am glad I purchased it. Its been over 8 months now, and it looks like it did when I bought it. Worth the low price! <end>  So pretty...not a single regret (as long as you use your own chain)  This pendant makes a real statement without overpowering -- that's always an issue for me. I find it to be something that's constantly in rotation in my wardrobe, especially in spring and summer.A good value, but I agree that the chain that it comes with is pretty worthless. Plan on picking up a more substantial one, and on getting a lot of enjoyment from this purchase! <end>  Sterling Silver Flower Necklace  This necklace is light, delicate and extremely versatile with my wardrobe. I wear this necklace a lot! <end>  Present for my sister  Got this for my sister. She's still talking to me so apparently she likes it. <end>  Beautiful pendant  This pendant was a bit of a surprise. It was larger than I expected -- over an inch wide. The good news is that it looked perfect with the matching earrings. My wife wore them to work and received many compliments. I would suggest them for anyone that likes silver jewelry. <end>  Very nice pendant, and worth the price!  I ordered this pendant for my son, so he could give it to his girlfriend. It's beautiful. I was surprised it was so inexpensive when I first saw it, and alot larger than I expected. She should love it, but it's being wrapped, so she'll have to wait until Christmas to see.  )Great job, Amazon! <end>  Beauty  Really love the necklace. It is even prettier than I had expected. Good price too. <end>  Beautiful!  I love this necklace! I get compliments on it every time I wear it. Some other reviewers have complained about the chain, but I liked the fact that the end of the chain has several loops to hook to, so you can adjust the length of the necklace to fit with different necklines. <end>  Wonderful necklace for an evening out.  This is a wonderful value in the Jewelry category. I purchased this for my girlfriend to wear at a formal party, and it really worked out well.The price is a very good deal considering the artistry, and the flower itself is just the right size. (I was worried it might be a little small, because things look a lot bigger with the zoomed-in closeups on the website, but I was not disappointed. If memory serves it was about the size of a half dollar coin).The other reviewers are correct  the chain itself is a little delicate, but it does the job. The focus of this piece remains on the pendant.Overall a fine addition to any jewelry collection.**Update** Amazon now lists a pair of earrings which match this pendant. I have not purchased them, but they look to be miniature identical versions of the flower pattern. <end>  Beautiful  I think this is just a beautiful piece. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that the chain that is comes on is very delicate and a piece like this needs a more substantial chain. Change out the chain and you have yourself a wonderful piece of jewelry.To answer the question of demention, the flower is an 1 1/2 inches across at it widest point. <end>  Nice pendant, bad chain  Like many others, I have mixed feelings about this item. The pendant is very pretty (although a little larger than I expected), but the chain that comes with it is ridiculous! It's much too thin and looks like it can barely support the weight of the pendant. I immediately swapped it out for a thicker, longer chain and now I'm pleased with my purchase. If it weren't for the chain problem, I would give this item 4 stars instead of 3. <end>  This is a great piece of Jewelry  I have had nothing but compliments from this necklace! It goes well with everything that I wear! If you like silver colored jewelry it's a winner. I have had it 5 months and still hasn't tarnished.**02/08-So now I am updating the review. I have had the necklace for over 3 years and it still looks great. The compliments are still flowing and I still wear it often. I am thinking of buying a backup just in case mine ever does start looking horrible. Hasn't happend yet though. <end>  Don't order with the 18" chain  I was unsure how to really rate this. I gave it four stars only because the chain was so poor. Don't order this with the 18" chain! When I did, I was sent a 16" chain with an obvious 2" attachment that was not even the same type of chain! It looked awful. Since I wanted to give this as a gift, that was unacceptable. So I had to scramble to order a follow-up chain, at extra cost and shipping expense. However, the Pendant itself is beautiful and well-made, sure to please. As other reviewers have commented, it is well worth the price. <end>  beautiful  The pendant measures a hair over 1.5 inches from tip of petal to tip of opposite petal in each direction (not counting bale). The bale is pretty big to accomodate a different chain (and the clasp), not big enough for an omega, though (almost 1/4 inch). I liked the chain that came with it and left it on. The photo is very accuate, but I like to have a real measurment! The chain is decent, not one of those stock chains you sometimes get that inevitably ends up in knots (you know the type!) It has larger links on the end to make it adjustable in length.It is very lovely on your neck or with a turtleneck sweater. It is almost modern in its simplicity, but feminine, too. It is slightly convex, not completely flat, which makes it look more like a flower. I bought it because I wanted it for the holidays (thought it looked like a pointsettia) but I think it will look nice all year long (even in summer since it also looks a little like a hibiscus!) I would have put a little crystal in the middle, but I tend to like sparkly things  ) Thinking about the earrings to match, but haven't decided yet...it might be too much...maybe something smaller. <end>  Beautiful flowers.......but.............  This is a beautiful necklace and just the perfect size, however I thought it would have more dimension rather than being a flat item. The gift receipient adored it and that is what it was all about! <end>  Beautiful Necklace-Great Value  I just received this necklace today and LOVE it. It is NOT too large, like one other reviewer had complained about. It is perfect for dressing up a casual outfit. I love it so much that I will be getting the matching sterling earrings, also sold here on Amazon. You would pay at least $40-50+ at a department store for a similar design. I could not be more pleased and think this necklace is a great value. <end>  to small  I just got this item and its very pretty, i got the matching earrings and they look nice. my only problem is that i expected it to be a lot bigger. it would be really usefull if in the description someone would add the size  its a little bit bigger than a quarter... <end>  Absolutely lovely!  This necklace is beautiful!!! I do not think it is too large, I think it is perfect. The chain is very delicate but the pendant is well crafted. It can be casual if you wear it with casual items but also adds a simple elegance to any outfit. It is simply gorgeous and definitely a bargain for $30. It will be a piece I wear for many, many years to come. I highly recommend this piece for yourself or as a gift, seeing as I've gotten many compliments on it from friends as well!! <end>  Good Product, Late Delivery  The product came as promised, perfect in tact, complete with unbroken chain and black velvet carrying bag. However, it came a week later than the shown date. <end>  Shipping is Terrible  The item was a good value. But beware of the shippers. When I received the package, the silver chain was hanging OUTSIDE of the box, exposed to all the elements ! Either the packer was in a rush or he/she just didn't care ! <end>  Looks better on web  The pendant looks 100 times better in Amazon website, compared to the stale look in normal daylight. Supplied chain is a joke. If you paid the normal retail price for this pendant, shame on you. <end>  on time  delivered on time as promised, product good quality. would buy from again <end>  Fashion Statement  I have received numerous compliments about my necklace. I would definitely recommend purchasing this item- great quality and price! <end>  So versatile!  I got this necklace for Christmas last year and I wear it ALL THE TIME! It looks good with everything. I even wore it in my friend's wedding and got a ton of compliments on it. It's big and eye-catching. I love it!!! <end>  beautiful necklace  I bought this for myself and I am very pleased. I've read other reviews stating the chain is cheap looking and too small for the pendant, BUT IT'S NOT. And the flower is just the right size, about an inch and a half square. <end>  LOVE IT  i seriously love this necklace. the pendant isn't too big or too small, and the length of the chain is fairly adjustable. it's not a cheap metal so it doesn't rust, and though the chain is kind of thin, i haven't had any problems with it tangling or breaking. it goes with almost anything so i wear it all the time! i've gotten so many compliments on it too, which is always a good thing. i definitely recommend buying this product if you're considering it. i love it and i'm sure you will too! <end>  Beautiful pendant, cheap necklace  The pendant itself is gorgeous! (I'm actually thinking of ordering the matching earrings because of the beauty of the pendant.) That alone is worth the $29.99 I paid for it. The necklace is not nearly long enough and is fairly thin, making me think every time I wear it that it's going break when my hair gets caught on it. Overall, I think the pendant itself is worth the price, but be prepared to buy a new necklace before you wear it. <end>  Love this!!!  I have gotten soooo many compliments on this piece. It looks great with so many things. I just ordered the earrings. <end>  Nice, delicate piece  My mother loved this flower pendant and chain. It is very light-weight, but looks pretty, and can be a great addition to your jewerly collection for the Spring/Summer. The chain it comes with is perfectly fine. If you want more sparkly, go get the sterling silver Italian diamond-cut chain, also on Amazon. It's not necessary, though. The flower pendant also can be accessorized with matching earrings, which look very nice, too. <end>  Silver necklace  The necklace is very pretty and seems to be good quality. I've gotten alot of compliments on it. The only downside is the pointed edges can be sharp. <end>  So-so  This necklace is very beautifle, just the right size and will match with any thing, but when I opened the package, the chain was knotted around the charm and it was hard to unknott <end>  Love Love Love It!  This is a beautiful, outstanding necklace. Very large flower done perfectly. Lots of compliments. <end>  Love this!  I have had this necklace for a few years and its still one of my favorites!!!! It's still in perfect condition. <end>  Very pretty  I love this pendant, I bought a black silk/satin cord to put it on and I think it looks even better.I've gotten lots of compliments on it as well. <end>  must buy  I bought this for a gift but i almost kept it fo rmy self. I loved it. It's nice and simple. <end>  I love this pendant  I had been searching for a nice pendant and love this one. People are also commenting on how nice it looks. I put it on one of my necklace chains though. <end>  awesome  got this as a gift for my wife she loved it was a great necklace so pretty the flower is a nice large size for the price <end>  Nice pendant but weak chain.  The pendant is quite beautiful, but the chain broke within a week. Easy enough to replace, but that shouldn't happen. <end>  it is wonderful!  i got this from my boyfriend and i'm very surprised to learn he got it on amazon! i am extremely skeptic about buying jewelery online for fear that it won't look the same as the pictures but this necklace is not a disappointment!it looks as delicate and pretty as the photo and the flower pendant is just the right size. it's neither too big nor too small and i can wear it in the office and night outs as well. i get a lot of compliments when i wear it looks expensive!i saw other comments saying the chain was rather too thin but I think it makes the piece even more delicate - meaning it's so feminine and very lady-like. i'm glad my boyfriend made a gamble on this one and bought it without hesitations.i am already considering buying another piece of jewelery from the same line and i'm pretty sure i won't be disappointed. <end>  Very Nice  The pendant is nice size and bright the chain length is very nice - chain is danty and does not really appear when wearing. The delivery was fast and accurate. <end>  Successful choice  I bought this to my girlfriend as a gift and she loved it! And most of all I think this piece of jewellery looks pretty good. <end>  Beautiful  Its beautiful & its priced right. However either the chain should be made better or it should be made available without a chain. <end>  Very nice for the Price  I really like this necklace, as another reviewer mentioned, the chain is kind of fragile and includes a 2" attachment, but the flower pendant is really really nice. It is a good size, large enough to be noticeable, but small enough not to be tacky. It really is a nice necklace for the price! <end>  Cute Necklace...hate the clasp  I really like the Flower Pendant and the chain, however, the adjustable clasp isn't to my liking. I have long hair and it gets caught tangled up in the clasp area or, because the pendant isn't heavy enough, the clasp comes down in front. <end>  Pendant is pretty  I liked the pendant, its very pretty - although it was a little bigger than I expected. The chain however looks cheap & I am going to have to buy one that will look nicer. <end>  Pretty Necklace  I bought this necklace for my brother's now ex-girlfriend as a Christmas present last year. She seemed to be happy with it and I'm confident it did not cause their break-up. <end>  Not too happy  This is a larger-sized pendant. I should've read all of the reviews and not just the first few. I really think that the pendant is too large. I also think that it looks a little cheap (I guess that's what you get for $29). I wouldn't recommend it. <end>  Size not stated  I ordered this as a gift and unfortunately the description did not include the size of the pendant anywhere. It came, the pendant was beautiful, the chain of poor quality as others have stated and WAY TOO BIG for the person the gift was intended for. If you are looking for a smaller type pendant keep in mind this one is a good 1 1/2 inches wide. <end>  Returned it...  The pendant was VERY big, almost the size of a 50-cent piece. If they had included the size in the description I wouldn't have bought it. <end>  Wish I could wear it every day  I love this peace! It is a great shiny silver, and the perfect size. I have a hard time finding pieces that are not too big, or too small, and this fits the bill. It is easy to find earrings that match too. I would wear it every day except that I guess I should have some variety with my jewelry, lol. I have had this for a year now (and I've worn it A LOT) and it still looks brand new. <end>  Love it!  I love this necklace. I disagree with other reviews. I think the chain is perfect. If it were any thicker it would take away from the pendant. I wear it all the time. I get many compliments on it. It looks beautiful on. I am going to buy a couple more as Christmas gifts for friends. <end>  Pretty necklace... but uncomfortable  I have this necklace and the matching earrings, and I like them both very much. I like the larger size of the pendant(and the size is listed in the product description). The only complaint I have is that the points of the flower pull back toward my neckline, and if I am not wearing it with a high neck blouse, the points poke uncomfortably. <end>  pretty pendant  the pendant for this piece is very nice, not too big not too small, the only thing is, the necklace is kind of thin, but thats not too bad. it came in a nice little bag too. shipping was very prompt <end>  beautiful  I got this necklace for my girlfriend - she absolutely loves it and gets comments on it all the time. <end>  Looks and feels cheap  I bought this when it was a gold box deal and I was so disappointed. Everything about it looked cheap. It looked like something a pre-teen would buy from Claire's in a mall. Needless to say, I returned it immediately. <end>  Super nice  this is a delicate piece of jewerly, I always get compliments when I wear it. Meant it to but for a gift and ended up keeping it for myself  ) <end>  Beautiful pendant.  Makes a great gift. We were pleasantly surprised at how delicate and attractive this pendant was when it arrived. The photo doesn't come close to what a lovely piece of jewelry it is. <end>  Excellent Welcome Home gift  I got five of these to say thanks to the people who helped me get through this year long deployment. <end>  Not All That  I ordered this as a Christmas gift. All I can say is that it looks better in the picture than it does in real life. I mean, it's okay, but just okay. Not too impressed. <end>  Too large  The pendant is a nice design but it is difficult to know the size of the pendant from the add. It is about 1.5 inches in diameter on a disproportionately light chain. I was expecting a pendant perhaps less than 25% the size. Size is a critcal element left out of the add. This is an important consideration because of the taste of the buyer and the style that best suits the wearer. I returned the item disappointed and out the cost of shipping. <end>  Very Cheap!  I purchased this for my girlfriend, and even I was shocked at the low quality of the flower pendant. It is much larger than I expected and the metal looks like steel. The pendant and chain did not match well at all!. I was too embarrassed to wrap this gift up for her for Christmas so I am returning it. <end>  shipping took forever  I got this for a mothers' day gift and didn't get it for days after the shipping day was supposed to be <end>  Looks Great  It's a nice size, big enough to be seen, but not gaudy. Light weight, but has a nice shine. <end>  Beautiful!  This necklace is PERFECT. It is a wonderful size (large), and extremely fashionable. I bought it for my friend, but now I want one for myself.  ) <end>  Lady wife is pleased.  Very pretty necklace. Gave it to my wife as one of her Valentine's Day presents. She was so pleased I have put the matching earrings aside for another day.She even likes the chain. Likes how you can change it for different lengths.She's pleased, I'm pleased. <end>  GREAT!  I got this for my sister and she absolutely loved it! Great item and speed on delivery! <end>  Nice but over rated  Its a nice item but I was expecting a bit more for what I paid. At least she liked it. <end>  Beautiful pendant!  This pendant is so beautiful and the perfect size. Some reviews mentioned that the actual necklace was too thin or flimsy, but I feel as though it is delicate and feminine - I absolutely love it and won't be switching it for another one. <end>  Big and Beautiful  I am extremely pleased with this item. It has been on my wishlist for a while and my M-I-L gave it to me for Christmas. I love it. I don't see any problem with the chain, it's fine so far. I love the size, but I knew that it was large thanks to the dimensions given and the reviews.I'm not much into high end jewelry, but I don't like "cheap" looking crap either. This is just a nice piece. <end>  Many compliments  I love this piece. I get many compliments every time I wear it. The chain is a bit cheap... but put it on a more substantial chain and it is fine. <end>  Loved It!  I have always liked delicate jewelry and I was trully pleased with this piece. I think the flower itself is a good size and it gives you that pop that you are looking for when wearing something more understated. <end>  Very pleased  Have had this beautiful necklace for about a year and half. Everytime I have worn it I receive numerous compliments, including my mom the other day. Guess what she's getting for Christmas? lol Also the chain is nice because it is adjustable and can be worn at different lengths. Highly recommend. <end>  WOW  This has become one of my favorite pendants! I don't actually use the chain since it is quite thin. But for this price, I just see the chain as a freebe. The pendant is not too big nor too small. It is just right and goes with just about everything. Great deal. <end>  A pleasing and appreciated gift  This pendant presents a very finished look and was very much appreciated as a gift. It could cost far more than the price I paid. The person to whom I gave it wears it on a regular basis and enjoys it. <end>  Beautiful pendant.  I purchased this for my mom for mothers day, she loves silver. The pendant is very nice looking, organic shape and she says it goes with just about everything. Like other reviews have said, the chain is very short and cheap, but she bought a seperate chain for it and it looks great. <end>  Attractive, but painful  The necklace came as promised with no defects or delay. It looked just as good as it did in the picture, but unfortunately was not made to be worn on bare skin. I gave it to my girlfriend for Christmas and the points on the edges of the flowers scratched her skin. After a day of wearing the necklace with a low-cut shirt, her chest was red. It is a beautiful necklace though, so I would recommend it for someone planning to wear it on a shirt, not on bare skin. <end>  Delicate Design  Lovely necklace to "dress up" a casual v-neck sweater. Delicate flower seems to be just the right size. Chain could easily be interchanged with another to accomodate a different length, if desired. Priced about right. <end>  Wonderful  I love the flower pendant. Great price for a very unique item. I have never seen another pendant quite like it. And shipping was free and FAST! Shopping is always a pleasure at Amazon.com <end>  Lacks Quality  I bought this necklace a few years ago for my sister-in-law. Once it arrived, I was a little embarassed to give it at a gift. I thought the quality was lacking and the pendant just looked cheap. I wouldn't have wore it and, come to think of it, I haven't seen her wear it either. <end>  Nice Necklace  Nice Necklace, flower is a bit bigger than I thought it would be. Chain it comes with is too long. <end>  Expensive  I just received this item today, which I purchased as an accessory for a wedding I am attending. I think the pendant is the perfect size, it's a little large (about 1 & 1/2 inches) which is exactly what I was looking for. I do think that it is very pretty.However, the pendant is VERY VERY light. I agree with another reviewer who said that this looks like something that would be sold at Claire's. I think that if the pendant had a little added weight to it, it would look more expensive, or at least worth the $29 I paid for it. As it is, it looks like something that would be sold at my university's craft fair for $5 - $10. Definitely if I saw this in store at $29 I would have passed, but since it's a hassle to return things on Amazon and not worth the return shipping, I'll keep it and just be a little sad that I spent so much on this necklace.Also, as many others have stated, the chain is flimsy and cheap looking. I definitely would recommend getting another chain.All in all, I don't know if Amazon has changed the quality of the pendant, because I can't really understand all the five-star reviews, but to each his (or her) own, I guess. <end>  Delicate but not tiny  I was pleasantly surprised when my husband bought this off my wish list. I thought it was going to be a little large and after reading the reviews was worried about the chain as well. I'm glad to be wrong- it's lovely. It's delicate and pretty without being frail (in looks or handling). It's also very eyecatching and I get asked about it every time I wear it. <end>  Elegant and Beautiful!  And no, I don't mean me.  ) I mean this necklace! I had my eye on it since August, but was a little wary because of the other reviews. Finally I caved in and bought it, and I'm so glad I did. I don't think the pendant is too big; in fact, it was perfect for what I was looking for. I have received TONS of compliments on it, so it makes it worth it. The clasp is kind of crappy, but one of these days I'll replace that. Highly recommended-- it goes with just about everything and will make you look even more gorgeous than you already are.  ) <end>  The picture is very misleading  When this arrived I took it out of it's box and was extremely disappointed, the pendant looks cheaply made (in some parts the metal isn't even smooth) thats all here really is to say. This might be impressive to middle and high school students but I wouldn't recommend giving it to your spouse or a relative. <end>  Not very sturdy  I bought this necklace because it would look good with a lot of my clothes but upon receiving it i noticed that it was not very sturdy and could easily be broken by a child. The flower itself is kind of flimsy. <end>  Flower Necklace.  I bought this flower necklace. It is very pretty and looks nice on. The only problem is that the places where the petals come to a point are a little sharp. (It rubs and irritates the skin.) This makes the flower necklace uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time. <end>  Cute, but free chain is verythin  I bought this for my wife, the pendent is great, it looks nice and seems to to be worth the price, but the free chain that is included is very thin and low quality...stuck out like a sore thumb when she opened the gift, "oh this chain is really bad". Took the glory away form the pendent. <end>  Very Feminine and Simply Adorable!  The flower iteself is very detailed, shiny, well made, and perfect in size! (And I'm a very petite girl! 5' 100lbs) It has a little body to it, so it doesn't lay completely flat against your skin, so it gives it a 3D look. It's big enough to be a great attention grabber but not overly big to be gaudy or take away too much from the "center" of attention.... ME! =DI wore it on my bare skin, and since I have VERY sensitive skin, I was a little concerned with the "edges" irritating my skin as other reviewers claim, but I did not experience this at all. As a matter of fact, I ran my fingers around the edges when I first received it, and although the points are on the sharp side, the way it lays on my skin, it did not pose a problem at all.As with the chain, it didn't look cheap at all  just not as shiny as the pendant, which is great because all the attention is on the pendant, which is the way it's designed. Also, I wear the chain on the shortest link, and it's perfect in length...even if it was a little shorter, it would have been nice. The 2" extension has the look all extendable necklace have, and to me, by having a little extra chain hang down on the back of my neck gives it a little oomph in style itself.I also did not experience the clasp pulling at my hair as other reviewers claim, and I have mid back, weak and abused straight hair.Overall, a great buy and a great addition to my jewelry collection!I have many silver pieces from the amazon collection and have been very satisfied and happy with them all! (Diamonds and gemstones...now that's a different story.....=) <end>  Larger than expected, but still very pretty  This necklace is extremely pretty; while the pendant is significantly larger than I was expecting (it's about an inch across, maybe a bit bigger), it still works as formal or casual jewelry. The matching earrings (Sterling Silver Open Double Flower Earrings) go perfectly and can really class up an outfit. I was worried that the "double" flower aspect would make both the necklace and earrings too busy, but that is not the case at all. Generally speaking, I think they can go with any outfit and I would recommend them highly. <end>  Beautiful  A very beautiful necklace. It is delicate and big at the same time. Always get compliments when I wear it. Very worth the price. Will buy the earings now and regret not buying the two together. <end>  Beautiful and Affordable  I received this necklace off of my Amazon wishlist last year for Christmas, and it is one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. It's very versatile - I can dress up or down with it and wear it to work or on an evening out. The flower is very delicate and is very lightweight, the perfect size. I have had no trouble with the chain on mine - I was sent one with an extender, and I actually prefer it because I like being able to adjust it to my blouse or dress neckline. <end>  Very nice for the Price  I really like this necklace, as another reviewer mentioned, the chain is kind of fragile and includes a 2" attachment, but the flower pendant is really really nice. It is a good size, large enough to be noticeable, but small enough not to be tacky. It really is a nice necklace for the price! <end>
 B0009GH01M  Sterling Silver Open Flower Earrings ||	  Great quality!  I have very sensitive skin and can usually only wear 14kt or higher gold. I recieved these as a gift, and, to my great surprise, I can wear them just fine! They're very good quality. Highly recommended. <end>  Love these earrings!  I also purchased the matching Sterling Silver Open Flower Necklace. These earrings are really lovely, but worn as a set with the necklace, they are simply stunning. I have received so many compliments. They arrive boxed beautifully, along with a care card. The earrings would make a wonderful gift, but for someone really special, the complete set would be perfect. With free shipping and no tax, the price and quality cannot be beat! Highly recommended. <end>
 B0009GH0BC  Sterling Silver Basket Weave Heart Locket Pendant, 18" ||	  Quality peice of jewelry.  I sent this to my Daughter as a gift. She really likes it and said it is very sturdy, especially the hinge, and it is big enough for two small cutout pictures of my Granddaughters. She wears it all the time, one of her favorite pieces of jewelry. <end>
 B0009GH0GC  Sterling Silver "Love" Heart Pendant, 16" ||	  Excellant purchase  I bought this necklace for my daughter for her birthday. She loves the necklace and I would highly recommend purchasing it. The necklace is very danty and pretty. <end>  My wife loved it!  I gave it to my wife for Valentine's Day and she loved it. She wears it everyday and even rec'd compliments on it from a few of her clients. <end>
 B0009GH0M6  Sterling Silver Double Circle Mother-of-Pearl Earrings ||	  Fantastic earrings!  These earrings far exceeded my expectations and were a great Mother's Day gift from our daughter. (Ok, I picked them out for her to give.) Great craftsmanship, sparkling silver and mother-of-pearl. Do not hesitate to purchase this item and you or your gift recipient will love them! <end>
 B0009GH0MG  Sterling Silver Double Circle Aqua Cat's Eye Earrings ||	  Pretty design...  I had ordered these earrings as they are I believe on a bit of a discount now. The design is quite pretty, and the pattern is very pretty. But the silverwork was not up to my expectations. The outter ring was slightly misshapen, and there were significant flaws near were flaws on the top portion of the inner ring near where they would have been attached. I know I am being picky, but I also paid good money. I know these aren't that expensive, but excellent quality silver earrings can be had for this amount of money. Maybe my pair was just especially low quality... but I think much better can be had for the price. <end>
 B0009GH0NK  Sterling Silver Double Circle Mother-of-Pearl Pendant, 16" ||	  Loved it for years. Wore it nearly every day!  I wore this necklace for over 8 years and recently lost it. This very fine chain was tough! Wish it was still for sale! <end>
 B0009HAQLM  Sterling Silver Black Crystal Threader Ear Wire Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  beautiful  I like these but the stones are a little larger than i had thought . I have been wearing them and the are comfortable. I will buy from that department again <end>  Small but nice  I wanted a thread thru earring and I figured these would do the trick. Shipping was prompt, packaging was fine and the product is lovely. The stones are small but if they were any bigger the earring would probably fall out. I'm pleased with my purchase. <end>  Great  I love both pair of earrings, if I had to change something I would make the end of the threader a little longer for people with larger fingers. Other than that they are wonderful. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  This item arrived in excellent condition and on time. It easily slid into my ear and stayed in place where I placed each end to dangle. It made it easy to wear on both ears. I love it and I will continue to doi business with this company in the future. I received plenty of compliments. <end>  Exotic!  These are beautiful summer earrings and I have been enjoying them with many outfits.Carol Robbin <end>  longer than appears  I bought these and returned them.They are very nice, but I felt they were too long and I have a very long and slender neck.They came to about 3/4 of an inch above my shoulders.Make sure you like really leangthy earrings before you purchase these. <end>  Gorgeous  The picture does not do these earrings justice. Very elegant but simple enough, light weight but they remain in place. Highly recommended product and seller. <end>  fp  Love these earrings. Light weight. Black crystal sparkles. Easy to put in.Very classy---if dressed or fun if in blue jeans. <end>  earrings  I recently purchased some earrings from Gem Avenue, and one of the earrings was defective, they had a new set sent to me immediately, and they were really polite and understanding, excellent service!!! <end>  threader earrings  earrings are very light to wear and it spaklers very nicely. i would recommend these who love cystal treader earrings to wear anytime. <end>
 B0009HFPZY  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Threader Ear Wire String Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Dazzling Multicolor Swarovski Crystal String Earrings  Although they are pretty and my daughter liked them alot but the crystals are too heavy which caused the earrings to slide out of the ears. My daughter lost them a couple of times at home and we were able to find them but she can't wear them anymore. <end>  very Pretty  These are very pretty, only draw back is they don't stay in place, the chain is ultra thin so they slip easily. <end>
 B0009HI1TG  SCER020 Sterling Silver 10mm Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Perfect Size  These errings are very pretty. You can dress them up or wear with jeans. Just the right amount of sparkle. I love them. <end>  Birthday gift  Brought these for a very fussy girlfriend and she loves them since they pick up whatever color she is wearing. Considering a pair for myself. <end>  Disappointment  I wore these earrings several times and enjoyed them. The crystal has a hole in it with a metal ring. I was unclipping it and the crystal broke. When I looked at the return policy it said I had missed the availability of returning them by 4 days. Wow. Awful. <end>  Cheap looking  These earrings are cheap looking and not worth the price. The crystals are mostly flat and do not capture the light well. Perhaps the faceted crystals would be more what I was looking for. <end>  These earrings made a great gift.  I bought these earrings as a gift for a young friend. She loved them. They look exactly the same in person as they do in the picture, very shiny and sparkly! They were shipped in a nice gift box that made wrapping a snap. <end>  They are quite nice  They are quite nice...but the cut of the crystals can be more cuts looks a bit flat. But I love the simple design. <end>  Awsome, beautiful!  Sparkly, very beautiful. The only thing is that they could have a slightly larger diameter for my taste since I have long hair and earrings have the tendency to hide behind it. Other than that, GORGEOUS! <end>  Swarovski Crystal Sterline Silver earrings  I was so pleasantly surprised with the quality, clarity and beauty of these earrings. I visit the Swarovski store from time-to-time and the prices I get from Amazon just beat the pants off their store. I've had many compliments and they look so expensive and reflective that I'm very proud to wear them.SCER020 Exquisite Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.25" Long Dangle Earrings <end>  Beautiful and sparkly  I bought these earrings, because when I was a young girl someone dear to me gave me a pair just like these. When I received them not only did it bring back memories, but they are absolutely beautiful. I forgot how pretty they were and they match with everything. Great buy. <end>  Very nice earrings  These earrings are truly unique they give you a different color with every turn of the head. They were purchased for a christmas gift. <end>  Swaroski earrings  The earrings appear to be of good quality. The crystals are clear and bright. They arrived in good condition. <end>  Beautiful!  I love this earring! Its very modern and chic, not to mention how much compliments I have gotten from people. I can't wait to order a matching pendant. If you are looking for something to dress up or down, beautiful and chic not to mention comfortable, this is it. <end>  Only Sparkled in One Color  I love the fact that these earrings are sooo light that you don't even realize you are wearing them. The only thing I didn't like about them is that whenever I wore them they only sparkled a yellow color. I'm keeping them just because I don't want to spend any money shipping them back.... <end>  disappointment  These earrings were such a disappointment! I couldn't wait to return them. But I could not because their address is a p.o. box and UPS would not accept a p.o. box address --my job does not permit me to go to the postoffice during working hours so I'm stuck!!The earrings are so poor that I would not give them to anyone on my cristmas gift list, not even to someone I did not like. <end>  Pure magic!  The earings are simply perfect. They sparkle beautifully with all possibe colors - depending on what you wear, are very light and delicate, yet encaptivating. To me they look like dew drops on spider web. I got them in set with the matching pendant - not necessary, but the whole set is simply "royal" and very elegant and stylish. They are so light that you dont even feel them. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Beautiful earrings  They are just what I was looking for, came in a nice box, and shipping was fast. <end>  gorgeous  These are spectacular earrings! Perfect size -- enough to look very sparkly but not overly done. I get compliments every time I wear them; they are great with either casual or dressy wear. <end>  Very nice, but small  These are very attractive earrings, but note that the 1.25 inches is overall length. The crystal part is probably less than 1/2" across. One thing these do, is to pick up colors of objects around them, so presumably, they could be worn with almost anything. <end>  pleasantly surprised  I ordered these for my daughter but didn't realize how beautiful they were until I received them. They dazzle in the daylight. <end>  Awesome Earrings  These earrings have great shine and wear well with all outfits. They take on the color of the top you are wearing. <end>  Great earrings!  Absolutely love these earrings and have had several comments on them. Very reasonably priced and good quality for the price. Light weight so they don't drag on your ears and very pretty. Love the lever back closure. I highly recommend them. <end>  very nice  )  i must say i thought they will be bit bigger, but that`s not a problem. those earrings are lovely - well made, light and absolutely great. i can wear them all the time. <end>  Cute But Cheap...  These earrings came...really cute. Wore them 3 times and they broke. Very cheaply made. <end>  Inexpensive, classic, stylish  These earrings are surprisingly affordable for their size and quality. These are sized right for the office, but can be dressed up or down. The irridescent crystal is visible, but not too showy. A great value on a classic piece of jewelry. <end>
 B0009HL07Q  Sterling Silver Cz Ring - Antique Inspired Ring with 3 Princess Cut Cubic Zirconias ||	  men can't spend all their money on this  This ring may be the perfect gift for your wifes birthday but sometimes she has to get off her lazy butt make her own money and buy it herself. <end>
 B0009I4YBY  Sterling Silver 7mm Heart Pink Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Great Earrings and Great Price  I just received these and they are great quality, especially for the price! The stone is a great size and the color of the stone is very nice. I would definitely recommend these earrings! Also they ship really fast! Mine came in just three days after ordering.... <end>  7mm CZ pink heart earrings  Great value! Pale pink, but bright. They tend to hang down because of their size, weight and small earring back/clasp. Recommend using a larger (disc) back to hold them more perpendicular to the ear lobe. <end>
 B0009I67I2  Sequin Flower Hair Tie / Pin (M13) ~ Red ||	  SEQUIN FLOWER PIN / HAIRTIE - RED  This flower pin is sparkly and pretty. It is very pretty in hair, too. It is easy to put on and a colorful red with sequins. <end>
 B0009IIAAA  Blue Recycled Glass Bead Bracelet ||	  Gorgeous, but small  I bought this for Christmas for my sister in law who is into organics and recycling. The bracelet was beautiful and she loved it. However, it was very small, even for a tiny wrist like mine. I would suggest the artist make this so that it's easier to wear size wise and show off. <end>
 B0009INJ7E  Fit for a Princess - Long Austrian Crystal Cascading Drop Dangle Earrings ||	  Great earrings  These earrings are so pretty that you'll forget the fact they're costume. I've gotten a lot of compliments on them. <end>
 B0009J6C86  Sterling Silver Pink Cubic Zirconia Dragonfly Earrings ||	  Dragonfly Earrings  Product looked great, arrived quickly and the GF loved them. Whats not to like? Would do business with this company again. <end>  Totally Cute!  Really cute earrings. My daughter received these as a gift and she absolutely loves them. Would work for an adult as well. <end>
 B0009J6CDG  Sterling Silver Necklace with Joined Hearts ||	  Literally joined together  I bought this necklace because I thought the hearts were separate but linked together. The two hearts are literally joined to make the illusion that its two linked hearts. The back is also craved in so it is not smooth like a regular open heart you usually see. The good thing about this necklace is that the hearts do lie flat on your neckline when you wear it and the chain is also a good length. <end>
 B0009J8RFC  Sterling Silver Earrings with Bezel Set CZ ||	  Nice Simple Studs  These earrings are great. I don't like a lot of big flashy jewelry and these suit my needs perfectly, I wear them everyday! <end>
 B0009JASMC  Small Sterling Silver Cross Pendant ||	  Wonderful necklace!  I bought it about a month ago and I love it! Prompt shipping and great quality, I will buy from the company again <end>  eve's addiction small cross  pleased with shipping time, necklace was just like it was pictured. I was very pleased with the quality and so was my wife. It was quality jewelry at a reasonable price. I would recommend Eves Addiction for quality. <end>  Great little necklace  I looked around for a while for a cross that was not tiny but not huge, simple, silver, with a 16 inch chain. I ordered this cross after I read mixed reviews. I received it within just a few days and have been wearing it ever since! So many of the crosses I had looked at were too big for my small frame or were so tiny it looked like I was wearing my daughter's necklace but this one is right in the middle so it's great. It's a rounded design but doesn't flip over while I'm wearing it. A few reviews said the bottom 'arm' of it was bent to one side a bit, which is true, so it does look slightly different than the picture. However, I like it and think it just adds to the stylized look of the cross. The 16 inch chain that it came with seems like it's good quality and has held up under tugging from my two kids over the last few months. I would recommend this cross in particular to women, or even teenagers, wanting an understated, simple cross. <end>  totally under the expectation.  I just got this necklace, and it just looks so different than the sample picture.The chain looks very cheap, and the end of the cross isn't straight. Looks very ugly and cheap.And I ordered my necklace as 18inches, and it came as 16.My true love waits ceremony is coming up in February 12nd, and I DO NOT WANT TO wear this necklace. <end>
 B0009JASX6  Sterling Silver Roman Numeral Round Pendant Necklace ||	  Great value, great quality in a Tiffany replica  I saw the Atlas pendant in Tiffany's when I was vacationing over a year ago, and I wanted one but felt like the asking price ($200) was too extravagant. Recently, I started considering replica items. This one was my second try at getting a similar pendant (the first one, from another seller, fell far short of my expectations), and I'm glad I gave replicas another chance. The quality is excellent! It's a good size and the silver is well shaped. It's not too thin or flimsy, although I don't think it's as thick as the Tiffany's piece. Still, for the price, it's certainly close enough for me! If you're been yearning for an Atlas-style pendant, definitely consider this one. I doubt that you'll find better quality at this price. <end>
 B0009JCJ4W  Tag Pendant in Sterling Silver ||	  My favorite purchase yet  I absolutely love this item. Bought it along with a few other pieces earlier this year and this is still my favorite. Looks great! <end>
 B0009JHWGC  Cute Stretchy Tiger Eye Bracelet ||	  Five Star Bracelet  This is really a beautiful bracelet. I've purchased a lot of tigers eye jewelry in the past and these stones are exceptional. I think it would fit an 8 inch wrist because it is a little large on me and I wear 7 inch bracelets but you can't go wrong on this one for the price and quality. I will purchase more colors in this bracelet in the future. <end>  I would give this 10 stars if I could!  I have lots of Tigers Eye. This bracelet is as good as some I have paid 25 dollars for! It is polished and strung with high-grade elastic( I make jewelry and know alot about elastic!)You will not be disappointed if you have an average wrist! The stones are pretty uniform and The elastic is well hidden. <end>
 B0009JKJDK  Cute Stretchy Mixed Gemstone Bracelet ||	  great find  for the money , this is a nifty little bracelet . it really looks like the picture . I had ordered two, one to keep and one to give away , and I know it will be a hit . The order was filled promptly, another plus . I see me weaing this along with some silver bangles for a splash of color this spring . I am very plus sized and it fits my wrist fine ............ <end>  "Cute" is right!  I ordered 2 of these with the idea of giving one as a gift, but I wear them both at the same time beacause they are just the right size and both have diferent stones in a different order so it almost looks like one bracelet. (I have ordered another bracelet for the gift). Superfast shipping too! <end>
 B0009JRHCG  Antique Inspired Ruby Cubic Zirconia Ring ||	  Nicely done, always garners compliments  This ring looks nicer in person than in the photo. It has a nice "old-fashioned" feel to it, with just the right amount of sparkle. I've had it for a couple of months, and wear it a couple of times per week -- so far, it's holding up well. I always get compliments when I wear it. For the money, it's a good buy. <end>
 B0009JXXAG  18k White Gold and Diamond Flower Pendant (.02ctw, H, SI) ||	  Unique piece  Looks uncommon, as if piece was individually made or hammered by hand. Only reason it didn't get five stars was because it's not perfectly balanced and tends to stay a little to one side. <end>
 B0009K88HI  Sonic Wave Ultrasonic Cleaner ||	  It sparkles again!!!  The wife and I have been in need of one of these for years. We'd always just make a trip to the mall to pretend to look at some jewelry and have the sales person run our personal rings etc... through the 'professional' cleaning device they all have. I must say this Sonic Wave cleans the jewelry as good if not better than the mall store's device. We love it! It brought back the sparkle to a very old dingy necklace in no time!! <end>
 B0009KNBZC  Sterling Silver Pink Freshwater Cultured Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings!  These earrings are beautiful. They are about two inches long, so they are not too gaudy or too tiny (I mention this because I was not sure how big they would actually be and was worried). They are a very pretty pale pink. Also, there is plenty of post in the back of the earrings, so you won't have to squish your earlobe to keep them secure. If you bought something similar in a store, you would be paying double or triple this amount. I am very pleased with this purchase and will probably purchase them again for friends and relatives. <end>  In the grove  The earings purchased were great quality,color and size. Had many complements when worn. <end>  beautiful and classy  I bought these for a friend who owns many pairs of sterling silver earrings, and she absolutely loved them, and called them "beautiful and classy". <end>  GIFT  THE PRODUCT IS GREAT FOR A GIFT. ONE FOR AN INDIVIDUAL WHO IS INTRESTED IN PEARLS JEWLERY, AND ALSO LOVE THE COLOR, "PINK". GREAT COMBINATION FOR ITS PRICE, A-MUST-BUY, FOR "PINK-PEARL" LOVERS...... <end>  Pretty, but I could have made them myself  My sister had these on her Christmas wish list and was very pleased to get them as a gift. However, she was equally impressed by the matching bracelet I made for her which looks like it came with the bracelet. If you know how to bead, do this one for yourself at half the cost. <end>
 B0009KTSJU  PalmBeach Jewelry 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Two-Tone Elephant Caravan Ring ||	  Looks like a million dollars  I purchased this ring for a friend who collects elephants. Of course the elephants on the ring are nicely detailed and set off in silver while the bands of the ring are electroplate gold. The ring looks like it cost far, far more than the paltry $20 charged. I am very pleased with the purchase and so was the recipient. I would suggest making this ring in some larger sizes for men. <end>  Great Service and Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my mother who collects elephants. It was hard to find an elephant ring in the stores but much easier to find one online especially for Christmas.This ring is well-made and doesn't look cheap. It looks more expensive than the price Palm Beach Jewelry is charging. It's a tutone ring made of 14k gold electroplate. I believe the tag on the ring said Made in Thailand. To clean make sure you use a soft brush and warm soapy water. Ultrasonic cleaners may be used.The shipping from Palm Beach Jewelry was quick and delivery time made it before Christmas.I would recommend this item and this company to anyone wanting to purchase jewelry online. <end>  I never take it off.  I am an elephant fanatic and, when browsing amazon for other elephant related items, excitedly came across this gem. I don't typically buy myself rings as I tend to lose them no matter how hard I try not to. But this has not left my finger since I received it in the mail just a few days after order. It is a beautiful ring and I absolutely adore it.Also, within the package, I received a free gifted shell necklace and polishing cloth along with the Palm Beach Jewelry catalog and am definitely going to order from them again because I am more than pleased! <end>  FUN FOR ELEPHANT LOVERS  I'm a big lover of 'anything' elephant (especially baby ones!), and ordered this PALMBEACH 14K GOLD-PLATED ELEPHANT CARAVAN ring. I would classify this as fun costume jewelry, and since it's only plated, I take it off when washing my hands so it doesn't start to oxidize and wear it only for special occasions. It sure is pretty and VERY shiny - for $20 bucks, and I'm enjoying it.Fun and inexpensive jewelry! <end>  as descibed and on time  The ring arrived on time and was the one shown in the picture. Inexpensive, nice-looking, and my girlfriend likes it! <end>  Bring on the compliments!!  I have been wearing this ring on top of my wedding band and have received many compliments and requests about where I purchased the ring. It is light weight and is comfortable to wear on a daily basis. <end>  Nice  This fits well and is as described in the picture. It is very clean and matches the necklace I bought to go along with it. <end>  ELEPHANTS!  I bought this ring for my gf, who loves elephants, and she absolutely loved it. She hasnt taken it off since i got it for her! <end>  100% Satisfaction  I had an issue with my order that was not technically the fault of Palm Beach Jewelry, but they went well out of their way to assist me to ensure that I received what I paid for, and made me a very happy customer. I can not say that about every seller I have experienced. Thank you Palm Beach Jewelry. I would have no qualms about purchasing through your company again, or recommending you to others. I give you 10/10 and 100% satisfaction. Thank you so much.I am an Australian Customer and Palm Beach Jewelry is in USA! <end>  perfect  i got this for my mom because her favorite animal's are elephants she loved it, it was the first ring she got since her wedding ring 17 years ago! the ring came before the time limit it was really small though but luckily my mom fingers are small so it all worked out! =) It was in perfect shape and very pretty i think it's a wonderful item for anyone. <end>  AhEffingMazing!  Bought two of rings one for my mother and one for my father... They love them, It was a great anny present. The rings are exactly how the picture shows, So perfect! <end>  Great Item Great quality  Got this ring for my daughter as she loves elephants. It came packed well and quickly. Ring is great quality not cheap looking at all. Nice heavy metal very pretty glad we got it! <end>  Love it!!!!  I receive my jewelry so fast. The size is true and fit perfectly. I really love the design. I recommend this product to anyone who like Elephant like me. <end>  This ring is absolutley beautiful!  This is the second time I've had to purchase this ring. The first one was stolen...and I almost can't blame the theif. It is gorgeous. The silver elephants sparkle like diamonds. It's my favorite piece of jewelry! <end>  Beautiful  When this ring arrived I opened it to see if I was happy, it was a gift for my teen grand daughter. The quality was nicer than I expected ...I would buy from this store again & again. <end>  Cute ring!!  My dad bought me this ring for Christmas, it is so cute I LOVE it! Doesn't look like a $20 ring!Great for any elephant lover!  o) <end>  Great Product, Gret Deal  My title explains it. Such a good ring for such a small price tag. I was really blown away. If you are into elephants and rings, get this! <end>
 B0009LSGYW  Miniature Harp Music Box ||	  Harp Art  A Beautiful Decoration  Looking like a tiny pedal harp, this product is a great little piece of harp art, a replica. It is NOT a real harp instrument; the strings make no "musical" noise. However, they have the look that they might could produce music. You can even see the harp's "sound" holes, which adds a touch of realism to this table ornament. This is basically a collectible piece, and with some fragile elements, it would NOT be appropriate for small children.The music box mechanism seems to be in the base, and to play the song, "The Music of the Night" from The Phantom of the Opera, one has to gently wind the little silver key / crank on the bottom. The music is pleasant and adds interest to this unusual, decorative piece. One may not, upon first glance, realize that it is a music box. From studying the product, it does appear to be handcrafted because it has features and elements that feel hand-wrought and unique. Some people who like perfect details in their products may be put off by aspects like a tiny paint spot or to on the base or feet. However, I like these elements because it reminds me that humans were involved in the conception and creation of this item.My Miniature Harp Music Box arrived in its very own case, which was a clever little touch. Makes a fun " thinking of you" gift for the harper or harpist in you life. <end>  Breathtaking  This item was better looking in person and I am so happy that I got it as a gift for a collector. <end>
 B0009MD57O  14K Gold 7 mm CZ Stud Earrings Brilliant Cut Basket Set 2 1/2 Carat Size ||	  Buyer Beware  In the photo of these earrings, the setting appears to be substantial. In reality, it much too delicate and flimsy for stones of this size. <end>
 B0009MI5LA  14K White Gold 4 mm CZ Stud Earrings Brilliant Cut Basket Set 1/2 Carat Size ||	  Great...Great...Great  The overall transaction was great!! Their shipping, communication, product was awesome...will definitely do business again in the future. <end>  size of earrings  I wish I had gotten the larger 1/2 carat size, these are too small for my taste. They are very shiny and look fine, I am just a tall person and need more around my face.Overall, the quality of the earrings are very good. I got the 14k white and yellow gold sets. I may give the second set to a young cousin who would love them. <end>  Not quite the same  I was disappointed with these earrings, the setting is not like the picture. The setting looks more like wires holding the stone, it is not nearly as substantial as the photo shows. <end>
 B0009MK9ZK  14K White Gold 6 mm CZ Stud Earrings Brilliant Cut Basket Set 2 Carat Size ||	  Love these earrings!  The size of these stones are just perfect! I have triple holes in my ears and these are placed in the second holes. They shine so brightly and catch attention. Worth every penney! <end>  Nice Earrings  These earrings look just like the picture. I wear these every day and havent had any problems. The posts bend easily, I wouldnt reccomend sleeping with them in. Other than that they are great! <end>  Nice looking, but cheaply made  I was happy with these earrings when I received them. Unfortunately, after only wearing for one week, the post broke off one of the earrings. <end>  Don't do it  It's too big. Doesn't look good. Too big giving the appearance of being really really fake. No one should ever wear cubics this big. Looks like glass in settings. Face it, we all want cubics to look like diamonds. Save your time and get the smaller versions. Half the size of this one. They look much better. <end>
 B0009MUG6C  Graduated Oval CZ White Ice Drips Sterling Silver Bridal Earrings ||	  nice but broke within one wear  I liked the look but they broke right away. <end>
 B0009MUG6M  Vibrant Sterling Silver Double Stone Red Garnet Hook Earrings ||	  Beautiful garnet earrings!  These earrings are SO pretty! Prettier than the picture on the web page!!! They're easy to put on, and have nice long hooks, so they won't fall off! <end>  Thanks  Just like I thought it would be and good time shipping to my APO box. Thanks <end>
 B0009N4B9E  Sterling Silver Diamond Cubic Zirconia Wedding Ring Set ||	  Gorgeous, but...  This set is beautiful when it first arrives, but the finish on the silver wears off so quickly! Not even professional cleaning could get the shine back. One of the stones has fallen out of the wedding band, and I had only worn it twice. I really wanted this to last, because the rings are so pretty! It's just too bad it didn't work out.  ( <end>
 B0009NGO9E  1.1 Carat Diamond Ring ||	  genius  the goldsmith out did him/herself. created illusion of 4 one carat diamonds. seller billed as 14K it was actually 18K. this was a great find! <end>
 B0009NIJ8I  1/4 Carat Antique Diamond Hoop Earrings in Yellow Gold (with Safety Lock) ||	  Love them!!!!!  They are the only hoops that truly stay in the ears.They do not come undone unless you want them too  -).My daughter wears them skiing, swimming, etc and I do not have to worry about loosing them.Great product that saved me lots of worries and money in long run.My daughter lost a couple of regular earrings and she got lots of ear pulls and pain before we got these ones. <end>
 B0009NIJDS  1/2 Carat Pave Set Diamond Hoop Earrings in Yellow Gold (with Safety Lock) ||	  Packaging  The earrings were great. Putting a fairly expensive jewlery into a common small plastic bag with no isolation from each other was bad style. And the package for the earrings was low cost cardboard...so product good, packaging was poor. <end>
 B0009NUG8Y  Tiger Eye Gemstone 5mm Band Ring Size 12.5 ||	  VERY DISAPPOINTED, especially in customer service  ring broke in 3 days. dealer contacted me because of negative feedback. told me "let us know when you remove your negative feedback so we can issue a refund." told them if I had to recant in order to get my duly owed refund they could keep my money and I would let everyone know what bad service they had. <end>  BEAUTIFUL BUT ONLY LASTED 1 DAY.  It so happened I clapped my hands together one time on the first occasion that I wore it, and the ring fell off my finger, broken in 3 pieces.  -( <end>  Ring review.  The ring was nice when I first bought it and it lasted a while, about 3-6 weeks back in 2007. I didn't think of updating this review to include that it shattered while I was grabbing onto a metal pole while on the bus and one of the pieces jammed into my finger, causing me to bleed. If this had been a major incident I would have been pushing a lawsuit for a faulty product. I wasted 10 dollars on this product and chalk it up to another faulty Internet product. Do NOT buy this product. Surf around and pick something else. <end>  GENUINE 5 MM TIGER EYE BAND GEMSTONE RING  PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IT WAS PACKAGED VERY NICE AND SAFE AND IT IS A VERY NICE RING. I LIKE THE 6MM BANDS MUCH BETTER THOUGH BUT IT IS STILL A NICE RING. <end>  Simple band ring  I like to wear tiger's eye jewelry with animal print clothing and this ring does well for that purpose. I combine it with my diamond ring for an unusual look. The color varies from a golden brown to a deep brown. The band is smooth, polished, and rather thick. It does well for dress or casual wear, but it is delicate as stated in the description and should not be worn for activities that involve manual labor, sports, gardening, etc. I have owned it for several weeks and have had no trouble with breakage. <end>  Pretty, but not what I wanted  The ring is beautiful, but very thick and chunky. Not really for a ladies hand at all. I will continue to look for something a little more delicate, and perhaps use this one as a pendant. <end>   -/  The ring I received matches the color of the picture only in bright light - otherwise it is much darker, almost black at times.While somewhat disappointing, this does make for a very interesting effect when viewed from different angles/under different light. <end>  Very Pleased  I am very pleased with this ring for what it is,a simple but nice band,by being simple there is no flaw the ring has a good feel and nice weight.I was worried about the shipping due to it being made of stone however it was very well packaged.The delivery was quick as well <end>  pleased  Ring is as described. Stone is unique, and minor differences from photo can be expected. <end>
 B0009NWTRK  5mm wide Green Agate Band Gemstone Ring Sz 4.5 to 11.5 ||	  not solid enough  This product looks and feels very nice but needs further improvement to make it a bit more solid. It broke into several pieces during the course of what was a generally relaxing day. <end>  Cool Looking Ring  Its cool ring, i've got many colors of it, Its strong solid.Buy It you won't regret ;> <end>  Cute...  It's very cute, a little darker than expected,size was just right. all in all a sweet little ring. <end>  Agate Ring  It's a decent product but the picture of it is a little deceiving from what was actually delivered. <end>  really cool looking....  ...but order a larger size than you think you'll need, because the bands are thick and since it's entirely stone there's not as much "give" as with a metal ring. This agate one is my favorite of the ones I ordered, it looks much neater than the picture shows. <end>
 B0009OFB4M  Belly Back Waist Chain Dragonfly Small - Medium ||	  She looks so cute with it!  My wife loves this chain and the dragon fly really makes it for her! She looks sexy wearing it too. I love seeing it on her. Dragonflies are her favorite and i was so glad to find one on the belly chain. It's hot! <end>  Sexy!  Gave this to my girlfriend and she looks great with it on! (She looks great no matter what, however.) A sexy out of the ordinary gift. <end>  cute but cheap  This belly chain is really cute, but it broke the first time I tried to put it on. Also, it was advertised as "one size fits all" but it was tiny. I'm a size 8 with a small waist and I still had to add about 10 inches of additional chain so that it would fit comfortably above my hips. <end>  not what i expected  This is a cute belly chain but its the only one I could find that would really fit me. I don't really like the fact that the design part goes to the back it will take some getting use to. <end>
 B0009OLXMG  Sterling Silver Turtle Ladies Toe Ring ||	  So cute!  This toe ring is just too cute. And, best of all - it didn't tarnish in salt water. I've ruined many rings because I forget to remove them at the beach. Not a problem, still looks great. I think I'll buy a few more from this vendor. <end>  Cute and sweet!!!!!!!  This toe ring is cute and very well made would recomend this item to anyone who love's toe rings!!!!!! <end>  PERFECT!  I have been looking for a toe ring exactly like this after my last one broke that I bought in Florida. I have since moved and thought I would never find one again. I was hopeful this would be a decent replacement but it is exactly like my old one. I absolutely love it! It is better than I expected! I will use them again and highly recommed them. <end>  Toe Ring & More  I first started getting these toe rings for a friend and myself as a joke, but turned out that we love them and you don't have to just wear them on your feet. They also make really cute and conversation starters as a pinkie ring. The almost invisible band that goes either around your toe or finger make the total effect really nice.The Seller has wonderful prices and good shipping (quick and fair in price) along with a huge selection of different items. After about 6 months and a ton of wear one (1) of my frog tow rings bit the dust, but never fear, I had backups in all different colors. If you like to be different try any of their products. Recommend Seller and Products. <end>
 B0009OLXNK  New Sterling Silver Filigree Floral Toering ||	  My favorite!  Purchased several toe rings and this has become my favorite. Cute but classic. Fits comfortably. Very nice. <end>  a pleasant surprise  I've wear my toe rings all summer, and I've had this one on a couple of weeks now. Very comfortable. I don't know it's there. No rough edges to get caught on the towel, no pinching in the back. It is pretty shiny without looking tacky, and is wider than my Silpada toe ring on the other foot. The ends just meet on the back of my toe without overlapping(the one next to your big toe). For the price, you can't beat it. <end>  cute and comfortable too!  I was very pleased with this product. It looks exactly like the picture and arrived in a cute little red draw-string bag. Many toe rings can be uncomfortable, especially in close-toed shoes. I can't even tell this one's on! It's absolutely darling and I highly recommend Gem Avenue. <end>
 B0009P3C4W  Tiny Cat Face Head Sterling Silver Post Stud Earrings ||	  Very cute for the young kitty cat lover  These little earrings are very cute. They are a little smaller than I had anticipated, but they are perfect for my 8 year old. This seller is awesome as well. The earrings were well packaged and got here super fast. <end>  Cute, cute, Kitties!  I purchased these as a stockin' stuffer for my cat-lovin' 11 year old daughter. She absolutely loves them! If you have a kiddo who is really into cats, these are the earrings for her! Or for Mommy...I borrow them!  ) <end>
 B0009P74ZK  Heavy Sterling Silver Sunflower or Flower Link Bracelet - 7" ||	  very disappointing  The thin, tiny bracelet that arrived does not match the description of, 'heavy sterling silver' at all. I have bought many nice pieces of jewelry from Silver Insanity, so was not expecting such a poor quality bracelet. <end>  Beautiful bracelet  I rate this 5-Stars--I got this for my mother for Mother's Day and she loves it. Well-made and so pretty. And it was shipped very quickly. <end>
 B0009PDTAY  Belleek Shamrock Ring Holder ||	  well made  beautiful, a little smaller than it looks, however it is a good quality. It made a great gift for my daughter. <end>  LOVE IT!  This gorgeous ring holder sits on my dresser and holds my wedding ring every night. It's gorgeous and I love it! <end>  Mom Loved It...  My Mom has been collecting this stuff for more than 30 years. She loved this piece. I wanted to keep it for myself... it's very classy. <end>  Perfect bridal shower gift  I gave this as a gift to a friend that is marrying an Irishman. She loved it. It is very pretty porcelain. <end>
 B0009PIVD4  Black Gambling Dice Charms Silver Tone Stretch Bracelet ||	  Cute, but not very durable...  I loved this bracelet! It is really cute, but unfortunately, two of the dice fell off the first time I wore it. I can wear it, but it still has the long silver pieces that are supposed to be holding the dice just hanging out... <end>
 B0009PRAMM  Sterling Silver Small Heart Charm Toggle Rolo Bracelet - 7" ||	  Nice but don't expect much  This is a cute toggle bracelet in sterling silver with a dangling heart. I was expecting something a little bit chunkier but gave it four stars anyway considering the price. This would be a suitable gift for a teenager but I wouldn't buy it for someone you love. <end>  NOT HAPPY  Just not as good in person as the picture..very small, frail looking. already scuffing and it has not even been worn yet <end>
 B0009Q00IC  Classy! Black Hills Gold Sterling-silver Yellow-gold Dream catcher pendant-necklace ||	  Dream Catcher Pendant  Excellent craftmanship, lovely piece, received within a few days of ordering it in a box suitable for gifting. <end>
 B0009QZUZU  Cute Stretchy Crazy Lace Agate Bracelet ||	  Really nice  For the price, I did not expect such a nice bracelet. Nice design and the stones blend nicely with a variety of outfits. <end>
 B0009R11NE  Cute Stretchy Silver Leaf Jasper Bracelet ||	  Prettier than the picture!  The photo does not do this piece justice. An adorable bracelet that is sure to get compliments. <end>  Beautiful colors!  This is a very lovely and pretty bracelet. The colors are striking with black, grey and light baige moddled together. <end>
 B0009RCQA6  7x7mm Trillion Smoky Quartz Sterling Silver Post Stud Earrings ||	  You get what you pay for.  I bought these studs and they're very pretty, simple and nice. However, they didn't last long. The post came off of one of the earrings and the stone fell out. Not worth even the 14.99.  -( <end>
 B0009S54QS  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets fine 0.9mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  SUCKS! Broke in 1 week!  Save your money. The chain snapped in one week after light wear. Not the clasp either, the whole chain. Do not buy!!! <end>  This One Is A Keeper  As I do not care for gold necklaces, I always choose fine silver and this snake necklace is delicate, dainty, the right size, 20" and besides it looks fabulous around my neck no matter what pendant I put on it. I usuallly don't like snake chains but this one is a definite keeper and I wear it all the time. Love it. Thanks Amazon.com, you bring us the best products. <end>  Thin Italian Snake Chain  The most comfortable chain that I have ever worn. It is very light weight and does not stick or itch in hot and humid weather like some other chains that I have worn. <end>
 B0009SOGN0  14K Yellow Gold Created Blue Star Sapphire Men's Ring ||	  Perfect Blue Star Sapphire  This was a Christmas present to my husband. He had wanted one for many years. He is very pleased with it. <end>
 B0009U4YD0  Sterling Silver Cross on Coffin Tomb Locket Poison Pill Box Pendant ||	  unusual use  I bought this item to use as a receptical for my late husbands ashes. My son wants to wear it on a rope necklace so he can have his father with him always. <end>  Daughter loves it!  Creative and stylish way to encourage daughter to take her medicine. Comforted that she has an emergency dose when she forgets. <end>
 B0009V6BVC  Two Tone Diamond Earrings Jacket ||	  A Gift Worth Waiting For  I was a little concerned about ordering these jackets online without being able to see and touch them. My parents were giving me these as a 40th birthday gift. I can honestly say they are as nice as I would have expected from any jewelry store I would have walked into. They are quite stunning and are of a nice weight. The diamonds are clear and sparkly. I was thrilled to put my 1/2 ct. Princess cut diamond studs into these jackets. <end>
 B0009VPT0Q  THREE STONE CZ RING - Sterling Silver 3 Stone Cubic Zirconia Ring ||	  Cute!  This ring arrived much earlier than expected. It shimmers nicely in the evening - during the day, well, you can almost tell that is not diamonds - if you look closely - but who does, really? It is much prettier than in the picture, and it is really well made. A lovely little trinket, arrived in a silver box. <end>
 B0009VTXEE  Cubic Zirconia Bands - Sterling Silver Baguette & Round Cut CZ Band - Size 6 ||	  NOT REALISTIC  I bought this ring based on ebay reviews. It was extremely heavy. The simulants look like simulants. It's very heavy and most uncomfortable. It did teach me a lesson, however...BUY REAL! Save your money and buy something that's real. This is so chunky my 8 year-old told me it looked fake! <end>
 B0009WKCJ8  Cubic Zirconia Wedding Rings - Sterling Silver CZ Wedding Ring Set - Size 4 ||	  Eye catcher  Perfect item, looks better on than in the picture. I have had so many compliments. Everyone even thinks its real. They cant believe that my other half finally gave me a ring.  ) Until I fess up and tell them I bought it myself and its not even real. They tell me that I had them fooled. I love wearing it everyday and it gets noticed. They had no idea they could get one like this with Hope Chest.Having kids and all it goes through a lot and is still holding up. Still looks like it did the day I got it. I recommend it it to anyone. Not only that but now he knows what style I am looking for. Even when I get the real thing I will still be wearing this one. thats how much I love it... <end>  Simply Stunning!!!  I have just received my rings! The best way to describe my reaction and everyone else's initial reaction is that they are simply stunning! I was so amazed at how different the stones looked 'in person'. This ring absolutely has character and a personality all it's own. It is elegant, feminine and charasmatic - it just shines! Everyone will notice it and everyone will have a comment about this ring.. at work, at the grocery counter, at the bank..doesn't matter. I still catch my better half staring at it in disbelief. We were buying a home, selling a home, preparing to move, conjoining families, buying automobiles all while trying to plan a wedding. I decided to shop online for a replica ring of something old estate style but with elegance (that looked like a fortune). I found it! And I will continue to wear it..we had initially agreed that it was just temporary, but I will always wear this ring!! <end>  Could fool anyone  I bought this ring to wear at work so that I don't get my "real" ring scratched up and ruined. I am now finding that I think I might like this ring a lot better than my very nice "real" one. The stone is a believable size unlike many CZ rings that I have seen lately and as a set they just look great. I am so pleased with this product. I never write reviews but I just had to for this ring. I would recommend it to any one- even to be used as their one and only wedding ring. It sure would have saved us a boat load of money. <end>  green is not my color  beautiful at first[three days] then it all went down hill from there.the ring is gray and the stones look like i dipped them in vaseline very cloudy looking.my finger is green and i am out 50.00 bucks.all of the awsome reviews had to come from the makers of this ring.not happy. <end>  Husband likes it  Not too sure about this product. It will turn your finger green, but nothing that a little clear finger nail polish can't take care of. Looks different online. I thought about sending it back but the husband likes it. <end>  Absolutely stunning!  This ring set is absolutely stunning! And it looks so real! My original wedding set costs $4720.00 and does not even compare to this set. I will wear this one from now on. Everyone keeps commenting on how gorgeous the rings are and how my husband must have spend a fortune. Definitely worth buying!!! <end>  Very Pretty  I ordered this ring set for my upcoming 3rd anniversary. It really is very pretty and modest. Not at all flashy. Has an antique-looking quality. <end>  This ring will turn your finger green  I was very pleased with this ring when I first got it in December. Within a couple of weeks it was turning my finger green. I have only had it for a few months and it has become tarnished very quickly despite the fact that I clean it. It is a very beautiful ring so I am a little sad that it is not the quality I was looking for. <end>  Diamonds too small to see, Band too thin.  This ring I ordered because I loved their Jessica Simpson replica, however it is uncomparable. The main diamond is on the large size however, the diamonds all around the wedding band and engagement ring are so tiny you need a magnifying glass to see them. Additionally, the wedding band width is SO THIN, it is obvious that it is not real. The silver is also too shiny making it look cheap. I did not return the item, good enough for wearing around the kids. I would NOT go out of the house with this one... not worth it in my opinion. I was very disappointed. <end>  Not worth the money  The ring turns your finger green which is quite embarrasing. The cz is loose in its setting and actually makes a small rattling noise. I tried never to get any water on the ring and it still looks dull and has lost it's sparkle after only two months. I know it was less than $50 but I have purchased other cz rings that hold sparkle and shine for years. This set should be priced at around $20 <end>  Fool anyone  I bought this ring after reading the other reviews and they were right- it is just the right size to fool anyone. It is a classic, beautiful ring with an antique feel. It is beautiful. <end>  Nice to look at, but it wore out quickly.  My husband bought me this ring and it was so very lovely when it arrived. I wore it for a couple of months and received many compliments. Since I rotate my jewelry, this was not a daily wear item. That is why I was so disappointed when it started looking dull and the "silver" started to wear off. Even a light buff with a shine cloth did nothing for it, and I was afraid to use a cleaner since the color was already coming off. It was beautiful to start with, but it did not last long. If I had to guess, I had worn it maybe 15 to 20 times. I expect even my costume jewelry to last longer than that. <end>  I like it a lot...  I just received my ring in the mail yesterday. I think it is stunning. Best of all, this company offered a ring in my size.I was a little nervous about this purchase after reading a few of the other reviews. However, so far so good. I have no complaints. <end>  Great set  I ordered this ring set to replace my "real" one when I discovered I was allergic to gold. I liked it so much I ordered another set in order to have two bands, one on each side of the engagement ring. I enjoy wearing this set as much as my real ones. <end>  Delight  Once this ring reached me I was very happy with it. It looks real, has a nice shine, and fits perfectly. BEAUTIFUL. <end>
 B0009WMNJK  Amazon.com  Clava Zip Top Shopper Handbag  Kitchen &amp; Dining ||	  Perfect gift  Bought this as a gift for my daughter-in -law who is going back to school for her MBA. She wanted a "bookbag" that wasn't the canvas bag from undergraduate days. She LOVES the purse and she is VERY particular. The leather is soft, the zipper allows for safety and there is room for her many "gadgets". It is a beautiful bag. I recommend it without reservation.JRM <end>
 B0009WYTVK  Warrior Necklace (length  18") ||	  Warrior Necklace  This is a very nice product. Heavier silver than I expecteed. Very well made. The cuts are extremely well done. I Love Mine! <end>
 B0009X9PDQ  Kit Heath Flying Dragon Pin ||	  Stunning!  This dragon pin is delicate and feminine yet sturdy. It is more beautiful than the photo. <end>
 B0009XFT68  Kit Heath Tiny Trinity Knot Post Earrings ||	  Much smaller than I expected.  These earrings are EXTREMELY tiny. Make sure you pay close attention to the dimensions before purchasing. <end>
 B0009XLGM4  Arctic Penguin - belly button ring ||	  awesome bellybutton ring  This belly button ring is very durable. It has not broken, yet. Unlike most bellybutton rings i have purchased in the past. It is not very heavy either. Heavy bellybutton rings tend to put too much pressure on the piercing, and then cause an infection. I am very happy with this belly button ring. <end>
 B0009XY15S  14K Gold Diamond Cut Italian Horn Pendant ||	  Not at all what it looks like in picture  I purchased this by the picture what we got was junk all scratched up dull, no cut design. JUNK <end>
 B0009Y58TK  Checkerboard Cushion Cut Lab Pink Sapphire 10k Yellow Gold Pendant Necklace Gift Boxed ||	  Review about this  At first when i got it, it arrived in a pink box which i thought good because my girlfriend loves pink. I opened it up to find that the pink sapphire was really small and that the photo was just a close up on it. Just another example of be careful of what you buy. Overall, it was great but i still expected it to be a bit bigger its smaller than the tip of my pinky. I still say thank you soo much for it, it was a great gift. <end>  Feedback  Purchased this for my sister for Christmas itcame in a cute pink bowed box. the gem wasbeatiful-I'm very pleased, I almost keepedit for myself. <end>
 B0009YTKWG  7mm Sterling Silver 20" Anchor or Gucci Chain Necklace ||	  very good!  i've bought it gor my friend, it's as excellent as it's shown on the picture! <end>
 B0009YV13M  Earrings - E370 - Sequin Dangle - Comet - Fuchsia ||	  good product  The product was exactly as described and it arrived super fast, and I didn't even pay extra for speedy shipping. <end>
 B0009YV13W  Earrings - E368 - Sequin Dangle - Comet ~ Silver Tone ||	  Not satisfied.  The picture made these earring look different colored. When I received these earrings, they were silver... and very flimsy. I could easily bend and break them. I'm very disappointed. <end>  Funky, but not for long  I really liked these earrings when I first got them. With each wear, though, the finish comes off a little more and silver just disappears, leaving chunks of just clear plastic intermixed with the silver color. They're very cute for the first few wears, but be aware they won't stay new-looking for long. <end>
 B0009YX6B2  Earrings - E369 - Sequin Dangle - Comet ~ Copper ||	  Nice Earrings but they already fell apart  I liked these earrings but only had a chance to wear them once before they fell apart on me. I guess if something is cheap its really cheap. <end>  Very Different....  The actual product is a lot cheaper looking and larger than depicted in the photo. The picture is almost misleading and I was very disappointed. <end>
 B0009Z0QPK  Mother of Pearl and Red Garnet 14K Yellow Gold Bracelet ||	  Gorgeous  It was much prettier in person than the picture. I bought it as a gift, and would like one for myself, but they are currently sold out. <end>
 B0009Z0QPU  Genuine Tanzanite and 10K Yellow Gold Band Ring Size 7 ||	  She Loved It  This is a beautiful product that she loved when I gave it to her. The stones are well set and it looks like it costs far more than it actually does. The one thing I must say is that, if you plan on getting it re-sized, you will likely find that cannot be done, at least in my experience. However, if it is the right size, this is a wonderful piece that I highly recommend. <end>
 B000A0CIK0  Cute Stretchy African Turquoise Bracelet ||	  Natural Looking turquoise  This bracelet reminds me of how I think of turquoise comming straight from the grround. It is not polished. Very organic feeling. Lots of matrix in the two I bought. I like them alot. It you want green blue turquoise, that looks and feels real, this is for you! I am happy with this purchase, it is what I expected! <end>  nice bracelet  This bracelet has nice colors and looks more expensive than it is. Cool Styles has some nice items in their stretchy gems collection. <end>
 B000A0CIMS  Cute Stretchy Peach Aventurine Web Chip Bracelet ||	  Precisely as depicted  This is a pleasant, earthy, friendly kind of bracelet. It looks precisely as it does on the picture. In addition, it arrived quickly and it was carefully packaged. <end>
 B000A0ERLS  Cute Stretchy African Jade Bracelet ||	  Very beautiful bracelet.  This is the most beautiful Jade piece I have ever seen. I can't believe the price. Shipping is fast! <end>
 B000A0ERO0  Cute Stretchy Green Tigereye Chip Bracelet ||	  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000A0EROU  Cute Stretchy Midnight Sandstone Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bracelet, Beautiful Price  This Midnight Sandstone Bracelet by "Cute Stretchy Gems" is amazing! It is midnight blue with myriads of glittery sparkles all over. It is breath takingly beautiful and I recommend it highly. It fits a 7" wrist comfortably. <end>
 B000A0ERPY  Cute Stretchy Red Jasper Chip Bracelet ||	  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000A0FK78  Cute Stretchy Crystal Bracelet ||	  very cute and simple bracelet  The bracelet looks absolutely cute in person and wonderful on the skin. Its not bulky at all and lays flat on the wrist. Its simple and strong. The clear crystals are just so pretty glimmering in the sunlight. <end>
 B000A0FK8W  Cute Stretchy Labradorite Chip Bracelet ||	  I love this stone...  I'm going to get a long strand of these so I will have a neckleceto go along with the three different bracelets I have of this stone. <end>  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>  beautiful  exceeded my expectations in quality of the stones/crystals in this inexpensive bracelet. labradorite is used for getting for helping to get rid of fears and insecurities from previous disappointments. <end>
 B000A0HVWU  Sterling Silver Marquise Cubic Zirconia Ring Set ||	  Excellent Ring  I just got my ring and I am really impressed with it. I've searched for a Marquise style ring set, but they are either way to expensive or look fake. This ring looks real and people can not tell the difference. My friends thought that I hit the lottery or something! The center stone is about 2 cts, but the setting makes the whole set believable. <end>  Not like the picture  It's pretty, but it's not like in the picture. The two rings don't fit together, so there's a big gap. Not for me. <end>  Great value for price  I bought this ring and was skeptical, but I've been proven wrong, it's lasted really well, and I get compliments all the time. It's a great every day ring. <end>
 B000A0OO20  Planet Pendant, Earth Or Mars Marbles On A Gold Fill Or Stainless Steel Chain ||	  Natural Continents not worth the $$$  I was really disappointed in this necklace when I opened it. I ordered the "natural continents" version. The continents are obviously computer printed stickers that are stuck onto the marble. You could see all the pixels, and even see wrinkles where the sticker had overlapped. There was a big gob of glue on the top where the chain had been glued on. I had expected the chain to be a little heavier and of better quality. Instead it felt like one of those light fake childrens necklaces you buy out of the quarter machines. I cannot speak for the gold continent version of this necklace, but the natural continents are definately not worth the money, however, a portion of the proceeds do go towards environmental foundations and the marble is made from recycled glass. <end>  A miniature wonder  Fantastic detail in this piece. Even some of the smallest islands are visible! I ordered it because I love unique jewelry, but I imagine this would be a great gift for anyone interested in cartography or geography, a social studies teacher...I must add that mine came with a 20-inch chain; the length was not specified in the product description.Very nicely made product, and sure to elict comments. <end>  Global  I have been looking for something like this for awhile. I really like it. It is realistic. It is not cheaply made. <end>  Bargain  This was exactly what I wanted and expected. For this price it is a great buy. Be aware that the continents are simply stickers. They are very high class stickers though (I ordered the gold continents pendant). I ordered two of them as gifts - one was perfect, but the other has a slight crease across South America. However, the price is so cheap that you can't have your expectations too high. <end>  Better than I thought  I bought this item as a &#34;gag&#34; gift for someone who had told me that they wanted the world for Christmas. Well, I just recieved it and am amazed at the quality. I must admit I expected it to be a tad more chintzy than what it was...the quality is superb, the color rich, and this is one of those times where the picture does not do the item justice <end>  alright  lovely piece but not what I expected, returned item and was very easy to do so. lindsay was great. A++++ <end>  Completely amazing! don't understand the bad reviews  I was unsure at first about ordering the Pendant, Blue Earth Marble, Natural Earth Continents, Endless Stainless Steel Chain, 1 Inch Diameter because of the bad reviews. The review that stood out to me was that the marble had "cheap" stickers on it - they are not cheap stickers at all! They are printed on the marble with great quality and do not have any sign of peeling off at any time at all. They are not overlapped in any way! The continents have great color and detail - every small island is printed! The marble is also a sparkling deep turquoise that shines in the light. I am completely amazed with this product & I am so glad that I ignored the few bad reviews! I will love with product for the rest of my life for sure. Def. go for it! <end>  Marble Earth  Lovely piece! Purchased for 11 year old grand-daughter who dreams of traveling around the globe!Will probably replace chain, as it seems a bit heavy for a younger person. The details of the marble are intriguing.Next time I'm near Shasta, I plan to stop by the store and look at all the 'earth' products. <end>  earth necklace  great necklace , climate detail , see through , to spice it up you can get some permanent white paint and and a tooth pick and make your own atmosphere , durable chain too, love that its recycled glass <end>  Great tween gift  This was a gift for a 12 yr old girl and it was a big hit. She wears it everyday and it appears to be holding up well. <end>  Smaller than you think.  It's a pretty tiny globe. I mean its nice if you, like me, specifically wanted a globe necklace, but its pretty tiny and a bit too pricey. It ended up being almost [...] bucks. Too much. Really expensive shipping too, especially for such a small. I bought a DVD at the same time, and paid double in shipping for this little necklace. Maybe try a different one? <end>  Nice details  I bought the pendant and the earrings. The detail of the maps is really nice, and knowing that is made from recycled glass is like making a statement... The chain is not good quality so i got another one. Beautiful. <end>
 B000A0OX6C  1/3 Ct.T.W. Round Brilliant Cut Diamonds, 14Kt. Yellow Gold. Diamond Fancy Earrings Jacket ||	  Stunning addition  Bought these as a gift for the wife. They will be a great addition to adding variety to her diamond stud or pearl earrings. It will take a plain diamond stud, and change it instantly into something glamorous. Definitely a great addition to her jewelry box. <end>
 B000A141TU  Tiny Sterling Silver Lock-Key Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Nice just one little problem  The studs on the back of the locks are very long. They need to be cut down a bit to be comfortable. My GF had to do that she never takes them out. <end>  Little Lock and Key  I really love these little earrings. They are very dainty and highly detailed. I am very happy with them!!! <end>
 B000A1420S  Sterling Silver Non-Pierced Nose Ring / Cuff Earring 14 mm (one piece) ||	  Beautiful!  Wonderful purchasing experience. Beautiful quality. Prompt service. Would definitely purchase other items from this seller in the future. <end>  Classy and stylish.  Simple, classic styling makes this earcuff suitable for wear to all occasions. <end>
 B000A1421M  Small Sterling Silver Musical Note Non-Pierced Nose Ring (one piece) 3/8 inch ||	  Musical Note nose ring  I'm a musician and I'm always looking for unique way to express myself. This nose ring is perfect and highly recommend buying from this seller!! <end>
 B000A15UNQ  Tiny Sterling Silver Mushroom Stud Earrings 1/4 inch ||	  Teeny earrings are teeny  I purchased these earrings a few days ago, and when they say tiny, they are tiny ! But that's actually fine, as I wanted some understated earrings. They are approximately the length of a pinky fingernail, a bit shorter even, to give an idea. They fit well, and I am not allergic to them. The only thing I would have liked is multiple purchases from Sabrina Silver would combine shipping, as she put both pairs I ordered into one tiny silver box. Hence the four stars versus five. So, nice item, but be advised, the shipping is a bit much for such small things, even with multiple orders. Still, I'll be ordering from this co. again as I've WL'd Christmas gifts for my daughter and friend. <end>  Adorable!  I actually bought these for myself - not for a child and they are great. They have a lot of detail for being so small - $$$ well spent!!! <end>  Very nice  We were very happy with these little earrings. They look great in my daughters ears! <end>
 B000A15WWU  Tiny Sterling Silver Adjustable Wrench Stud Earrings ||	  Father's Day gift  they are the perfect gift for the guy who turns a wrench!! I thought that they were AWESOME!!! <end>  Wrench earrings  We love the earrings but they started changing colors just in a few days of wearing them. <end>  My husband loved them  I got these for my husband, who is a mechanic. They were nice and small, which was what we were looking for. He really liked them and he has gotten compliments them (well 'it' anyways, he only wears one) <end>  It's a wrench!  So I bought these for my husband and he now wears one when he's doing work around the house, which is pretty hilarious. They are exactly how they look, pretty small, perfect for a guy or a girl, just covering the earlobe. Nice earrings, if the back is too long just take a wire cutter to them. <end>
 B000A15WXY  Sterling Silver Peace Sign Stud Earrings 3/8 inch, 3/8 inch(10 mm) ||	  cheap  although i did really like these earrings, they were very cheap and the back post broke off after only 5 wears...i was very disappointed <end>  Alright quality.  The quality of the earrings was alright. It looked a bit cheap which might explain the price but they looked okay. They shipped very quickly and in great condition. <end>
 B000A15X6K  Sterling Silver Frog Cuff Earring (one piece) 11/16 inch ||	  looks exactly like the picture  this tiny silver frog is adorable!!but the part that fits onto your ear is totally hardto pry open. my fingers hurt!ditto my ear.but the shape is so cute that i took away just one startee hee -) <end>  adorable but not right...  this frog was so small and very cute but it was totally uncomfortable!! i've had others before that i lost in the years but ordering this one was a mistake!! it hurt SOOOOOO badly!! and putting it on was always hard. finally it just broke!!! don't bother.. find a different frog <end>  hurts but is sooooo cute!  Like the other reviewer, I love the shape of this cuff, but it hurts on the ear and gets caught in long hair. I have tried it on the lobe, upper part of my ear and inside part of my ear and doesn't matter. It's hard to get on and I'm constanly checking to make sure it's there.Even with all that I only took one star away beucase once on it is very cute if you can handle the discomfort. <end>  gipped  I expected to recieve 2 frogs and only got 1. What happened to the other one? It is cute but toooooooooooooooooo little. <end>  Great!  This product is very cute! I purchased it as a gift & I am very happy with how fast I recieved it & the quality of the product. I would recommend. <end>  Froglet  I gave it to a friend, and he thought it was great. I thought it might have been a little too feminine, but apparently it was not. I kind of want one for me, too. <end>
 B000A15X88  Small Sterling Silver Spider Non-Pierced Nose Ring (one piece) 7/16 inch ||	  Spider nose clip  Review of Spider nose cuff  Over all I liked the product.ProsGood detail on item (antique on finish makes it stand out).Made of silver as advertised.Shipped promptly by vendor.Price was right.ConsStem on unit was not thick enough kept bending would not hold its shape.Bead on tail should face the other way to help hold the unit in place.Finish on bead at end of cuff and stem of cuff was very rough (lots of casting residue), especially for something that goes on a sensitive area like the inside of a nose. <end>  Spider nose ring  I received the nose ring earlier than promised but the spider itself was to large. <end>
 B000A16Y2W  Tiny Sterling Silver Flower Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  flower earrings  They were larger than I had hoped for but not bad.I kept them as it cost too much to send them back. <end>  Sterling Silver Flower Stud Earrings...  Well made! The posts are longer making the earrings easier to put on... <end>  precious flowers!  Although I order from Amazon often, I am always weary of what I will end up with when I open up the package. I ordered these earrings for my mother for Christmas, so of course I had high anxiety of how it would look. When I opened up the package these earrings came in, I was very happy with my purchase! So happy in fact, that I wanted to keep them myself! I know I was being selfish, but they were so beautiful! So I am now going to order my own pair! <end>  Beautiful Flower earrings  These are delicate flowers, with wonderful detail. They are a great size, if you don't like large jewelry. Nice with jeans or a suit. <end>
 B000A19D0C  Tiny Sterling Silver Scorpion Stud Earrings 7/16 inch ||	  Very Nice  I have had silver Scorpio items in the past. I know how easy it is to bend a claw or a leg. When I got these the back post's were slightly bent, and the one big claw on the one earring was slightly bent out more than the other earring. After a few little light tweeks and little bend I got them to look the same and to sit flat on my ear lobes. I really do like them, they are not too huge, just right. (from past experience I know you cant bend the silver too much, or it will snap, just a heads up.) <end>
 B000A19D2U  Tiny Sterling Silver Turtle Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Cute! Cute! Cute!  The have great detail as well, even as small as they are. All of these little earrings would be great in second, third, and fourth holes also... I really love their tiny little size! <end>
 B000A19EJC  Tiny Sterling Silver Moon-Star Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Perfect  I am absolutely thrilled with these earrings. They look exactly as in the picture, and are perfect for every-day wearing, or a little something special. <end>  Great earrings  Great earrings, no complaints! Would buy again. I wear them all the time. They're the perfect size, look exactly as I expected. <end>
 B000A19GTK  Tiny Sterling Silver Faucet Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  teeny tiny faucet earrings  these are adorable on!! very cute and i get many comments on them!!!!! very inexpensive and i will purchase more for gifts. <end>
 B000A19GZY  Sterling Silver Cuff Earring (one piece) 7/16 inch ||	  Very Comfortable & pretty too!  I forget I have them on sometimes and whenever I wear them &wherever I go I always get compliments! NICE  -) <end>  Cheap and pretty!  So this is my first cuff earring (I've been dying to get one so I'm pretty excited), and I don't know if it's just because I'm still learning how to wear it (hard to get on when the gap is smaller but tends to slide down a little on my ear when the gap is bigger) but I am having some minor issues. Even so, I love that it was so cheap and because the metal bends easily so I can adjust it. I think it's very pretty, and once it's on, it's very comfortable, and I completely forget it's there. <end>  ear cuff  This is a bigger cuff that I have had for quite some time and I do love it. I have pulled it off when combing my hair, but have been able to retrieve it due to its size and the noise it makes when it hits the floor. I have lost a few smaller and more delicate ones, but not necessarily from hair combing. <end>  Sterling Silver Cuff Earring  I absolutely love this earring cuff, it is perfect for any size ear and it bends easily in order for it to be adjusted properly. <end>  Returned...  Unless my ears are abnormally small, these cuff links were way, way, WAY too big. I attempted a return but the return shipping costed more than the product. I am now using it as a toe ring...good I suppose. A word to the wise--only use free shipping and free returns. <end>  ear cuff  Bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loved this product. She says it fits great and the design was better than she expectated. <end>  ear cuff  The diameter of it is a bit larger than I expected however it is a very nice piece and I love wearing it. <end>  I love my Ear Cuff!  I wanted an ear cuff for so long, so I finally bit the bullet and bought this one! I love it! People are always asking me if it's real and complimenting me on it. I wanted to look edgy without having to commit to a permanent piercing or tattoo, so this was the perfect compromise. <end>  Very Pretty  This product was even better than I thought it would be. The picture doesn't do the product justice, it is much prettier in person. I always get compliments when I where it. Very comfortable to wear and put on! <end>  Awesome buy...  I have wanted an ear cuff for years, and I finally decided to just go ahead and buy one, and I am so glad I went with this one! It's not too thick and is very pliable to fit around different parts of my ear. I would totally recommend this to anyone! It's super comfy, and I forget I have it on... 5 stars! <end>
 B000A1ADWY  Sterling Silver Cuff Earring w Hanging Feather 8 mm wide (one piece) 7/16 inch ||	  Great Ear cuff  I brought this Ear Cuff awhile back and I am still impressed with it as much as when I bought it. It is good quality and value for money. It was a really quick delivery, even to England <end>  My fav!  I adore earcuffs and this one is my fav one. You know, in reality it looks much better than on the pic. It's comfortable and pleasant to wear. And looks amazing! <end>  Perfect Gift for a friend or yourself!  My grandmother bought me this ear cuff for Christmas a few years ago, I love cartilage piercings but am not up to getting one as of yet, but this cuff is more than I could have ever asked for! I wore it everyday for over a year until I lost it, but I mentioned it to my boyfriend and he got me an identical one that I have been wearing ever since.Cons -It is predictable but cuffs pinch your ear and if it isn't sitting right it hurts, it can take a little maneuvering and adjusting to make the fit right and then it isn't a problem at all.-The metal is thin, so this item can be bent rather easy. This help when adjusting the size so it doesn't hurt your ear, but it makes it so the connection can become smaller or larger rather easy. You may have to re-adjust the size every now and again.-Don't lay down! Sounds silly, but it hurts if you lay down your head on the side that the cuff is on. It pinches a lot!-It is small, a.k.a. easy to lose. Just watch where you put it when you take it off and I would recommend taking it off before changing cloths or playing sports.Pros -No piercing!-Removable when-ever you wish.-Good price-Comfy once you get it positioned right, I forget I am wearing it half the time.-Beautiful design! <end>  In Love  I got this cuff not expecting much from it, but after putting it on with my other stud earrings, it matched perfectly with everything, I fell in love. The feather definitely adds some edge and cuteness to the cuff. I just wish I could wear it with everything, but it looks weird to wear it with other dangle-y earrings. <end>  A Feather On My Ear  This ear cuff is so cool and makes me feel special when I wear it. Everyone notices it and ask about it. Very different! <end>  Awesome addition to my style!  Normally, I'm not a big one for jewelry, and the only place I am rather picky about appearance is my ears. The first day I wore it, I got so many comments! It's really comfortable, and I hardly notice that it's there. It's simple, yet beautiful!Very prompt shipping and a good seller. A+ <end>  excellent  This ear cuff is just beautiful and so easy to wear. I have long hair, so sometimes the ear cuffs get caught in my hair. Not this one. It is just beautiful and I love it! <end>  Cute, but easily broken  I love my ear cuff and it fits very comfortably; however, after having the cuff for a week the feather link came off the cuff. I put it back on and squeezed the metal together, but it still falls off sometimes and I have to be careful not to lose it. I really like the jewelry piece, but I am disappointed the feather was not more securely attached. <end>  Love it, second one i've ordered across five years  I ordered my first version of this four or five years ago and wore it every single day through all kinds of weather, situations, headwear and hairstyles. I've gotten more compliments on it than pretty much anything else I've ever worn. It didnt break until the 4 - 4 1/2 year mark when it finally got caught pretty bad on something and the little eyehook that connects the feather let go. Finally ordered a replacement and found that not only was the price the same, but the shiny new exact same thing arrived perfectly on time. Would totally order another replacement in five more years if I have to  P <end>  Beautiful  This is really pretty, stays on pretty well. I got a lot of compliments on it, but it did fall off twice. I enjoy wearing it anyway. <end>  Cute  This ear cuff is small, as many ear cuffs are, but it is adorable with the little feather. The metal is soft enough to bend to adjust to the ear. <end>  Pretty neat!  This is really cute! Got it last night and despite my fear of it being cheap-looking, it's pretty well made as far as I can see, I'm happy with it. <end>  Feather Cuff Review  I found that this cuff was rather nice but too thick for my ear. The width wasn't flattering but I have given it to a friend of mine and it suits her perfectly! Very comfortable, many great comments. <end>  Best ear cuff ever!  i bought this a few years back and lost it recently, i was so heart broken over it's escape, but still the best darn thing i've ever ordered from amazon. i was so happy with this item. i wish it wasn't sold out! D <end>
 B000A1BHZQ  Tiny Sterling Silver Spider Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  spider earrings  They are a great size, not too big, and darn cute, but the spider only has six legs. <end>  fun studs  These earrings are just what the dr. ordered. not too big, just right. The detail is great, and they arrived early. Great job Sabrina Silver! <end>
 B000A1BI1Y  Tiny Sterling Silver Snake Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  They mean TINY!  These are really cute little earrings. However, they are so tiny, it just looks like little squiggles in my ears. I have to hold them right up to my eye to see that they are actually snakes. The workmanship is nice and the product description is accurate. <end>
 B000A1BJTU  Tiny Sterling Silver Rose Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Beautifully Detailed  These earrings are perfect, down to the last detail. They're a modest size, but not overly tiny.They deffinitely fit anyone's style, and can be worn with anything. I was really impressed with the quality of these earrings. <end>  Delicate Silver Roses  I absolutely love these small rose earrings. They are not too small, and definitely not over-large, which I don't like. The detail is wonderful, and you can wear them with anything. <end>  Simply beautiful  These earrings are intricately designed. They are small, but not too small. They are perfect for everyday wear. <end>  Tiny Earrings  The earrings are sweet, just a little tinier (old lady not into metrics) than expected. Kept them anyway. Maybe my granddaughter will like them. <end>  SMALL earrings  The earrings came quickly and are very pretty. They are, however, very tiny, measuring only approx 6mm across. <end>  Good idea  I bought these earrings to go into a second piercing I have in my ears. They mixed wonderful with the other set I have in and are small enough to be pretty but not overwhelming. I thought they might be a bit too big but are wonderful for standard posts or for the alternate piercing that doesn't need changed often. The packaging of the product and the arrival was efficient and timely. I am very satisfied with the product and the response I received from the company. I will order from them again. <end>
 B000A1BLZC  Tiny Sterling Silver Jesus Stud Earrings 3/8 inch ||	  Jesus Stud Earrings  These earrings are very detailed like no other earrings youre going to find in astore. They dont snag on anything or scratch its just Jesus not the cross so I expected the arms and legs would of bent up but they are all in place still and in good condition <end>  nice  Received it today and was surprised how much detail could go into something so small. I can't wait to give this to my mom for Christmas. <end>
 B000A1EJN8  Tiny Sterling Silver Giraffe Stud Earrings 1/2 inch ||	  small but adorable  They were a little smaller then i thought they would be but i LOVE them. I am thinking about buying another pair! And they got here super fast!!!! <end>  small ss giraffe earrings  The earrings are minute! I didn't realize they were that tiny! I would have preferred a little bigger. I thought they would be as big as the picture shown. <end>
 B000A1EV22  Sterling Silver and Pink Tourmaline Children's Cross Pendant, 14" ||	  Cross Necklace Review  The picture is very deceiving! It showed a lot of detail and it looked much bigger. We were a little disappointed, but needed this gift for a birthday the day it arrived. <end>  Children's Cross Pendant  Definitely pleased! This was ordered as a birth gift for my infant niece. The birthstone color was accurate and the petite size pendant was very appropriate for the 14" chain length. <end>  Cross Necklace  The Cross was nice once we got the chain untangled. Should have been packaged better. <end>
 B000A1EW4O  Children's Sterling Silver Heart/Cross Pendant, 14" ||	  adorable but broke ...tiny  I was quite surprised at how tiny the charm actually was. I ordered it for my three year old and it was perfect. She is a petite frame girl and this was small looking on her! However, it is sweet and she loved it right away.The chain (so thin)broke the next day. Replacing this chain will not be easy due to the tiny scale of the charm. <end>  Beautiful and Sweet  The title pretty much says it all. This is a sweet little heart with cross, perfect for a child, but I actually changed it to a longer chain and wear it myself. It is petite and nice quality. I definitely recommend it. <end>  LOVE IT!!  I bought this for myself. I have a tiny neck, so yeah anyway, its such a gorgeous little necklace, simple but I get compliments on it all the time. Its great! thank you! <end>
 B000A307B4  Gift-Boxed Genuine Mystic Rose Topaz Heart and 10K Yellow Gold Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful necklace gift for Amy Lee  I purchased this beautiful necklace especially for Amy Lee (Evanescence) for her birthday on December 13th, because I admire & respect her, and I love her music soo much.I chose this necklace since Amy's birthstone is the Topaz, and I believe she also likes heart shaped necklaces. It is so beautiful in its genuine Mystic pink Topaz stone, and its beautiful heart shape.I really hope that Amy liked it. <end>  FINALLY  After waiting for almost a year I was happy to see that this item was once again available to purchased. It has replaced the one that was stolen from me. <end>
 B000A3JNPA  Sterling Silver Amethyst Heart Stud Post Earrings ||	  Good earrings  These are nice earrings, but turned out to be big for my face. Still can be worn for casual occasions when you need a little more than daily wear. The stone color is true to the picture and good quality. The reason for four stars is , somehow the picture gives the idea of a smaller earring when it actually is not. But overall is a good purchase <end>  Lovely  I wear these earrings frequently and always receive compliments on them. For me they are just right - not a bit flimsy, nor are they too heavy. I've been wearing them frequently for over a year yet they are in as good condition as when they were brand new. <end>
 B000A3TCXS  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets light 1.2mm Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful  I love ordering from Sabrina Silver . product is always as described and she ships very quickly. I goofed with one of my orders and she was so easy to work with for an exchange. <end>  14" Necklace  This necklace is just as advertised. I like it a lot. I was looking for an "almost choker" necklace. I would really like a wider one, but this one will do. <end>  silver chain  I purchased a sterling silver Italian snake chain bracelet. I'm allergic to anything with nickle so this worked nicely. It was shipped quickly and exactly what I ordered at a very reasonable price. I would buy from this vendor again. I have never been disappointed with an item I have ordered through Amazon. <end>  Just what I was looking for  I have had this chain for about a week now, and I wear it 24 hours. I bought the 14" one, and it sticks to the neck - which is what I wanted. It's hard to find the 14" length in stores and was glad to find it here on Amazon. The chain is thick, all nice and silvery and I like that it's nickel free. The shipping was quick as well. Thank You! <end>  Sterling Silver 1.2 mm snake chain (14")  Purchased three of these chains for grandchildren. They are absolutely beautiful but 2 or the 3 chains broke at the point where the chain is joined to the ketch.I would have given these chains with 5 stars but I do not know why the chains failed. (i.e. If grandchildren mishandled or if chains had a poor connection joint.) <end>  Poor Quality  Had this for only a couple of months or so and it's already broken. It only ever received occasional, light wear. The chain snapped clean through. Do not waste your money. <end>  Good buy!  I had metal allergy, so I was looking for nickel-free chain. I bought 18", and it's good length for me. Fast shipping, good packing. I really like it, and am happy because I don't need to wear old silver chain.(Of course, it includes nickel!) <end>  Very nice necklace  I ordered this chain as a replacement for another chain I already had but broke, and I'm happy with the purchase. It's very good quality and after 3 weeks of wearing it constantly, there is no signs of wear or tarnish. I would buy from this vendor again. Thanks! <end>  Nice product  I purchased an 18" chain. My order arrived very quickly. The chain is nice and appears sturdy. In my opinion, this is a good product. <end>  Silver Snake Chain Necklace  I bought this snake chain necklace in the 14" length. It is beautiful and of very good quality. I love it! I am a small adult so it is not just for a child. I am enjoying wearing mine with various pendants. <end>  Sterling Silver Chain  Excellent buy. My purchase was intended for my 2 nieces for Christmas! Upon arrival, my daughter claimed one and I claimed the second. Now I've got to order 2 more! Fast delivery, too. <end>  BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE  I have searched & searched for a necklace exactly like this one. I love the look of a short chain - I got this children's necklace & it works perfectly!I love it!Sandy <end>  Great item! Hard to find!  I bought two of these (one for each daughter 3 & 6). It is very hard to find sterling chains in the length needed for children. Thank you! <end>
 B000A3V1NW  Seafoam Chalcedony Earring ||	  Disappointed...  For the money ~ I was very disappointed in these earring and I wrote to the seller right a way.I had to go away on a family reunion but I did not even bring them ~ they are not classey looking at all. For Chalcedony I was so sadly let down. Think Twice is my advice! Lynn C. ~ South Jersey, N. J. <end>
 B000A3WXBQ  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets light 1.2mm Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful  I love ordering from Sabrina Silver . product is always as described and she ships very quickly. I goofed with one of my orders and she was so easy to work with for an exchange. <end>  14" Necklace  This necklace is just as advertised. I like it a lot. I was looking for an "almost choker" necklace. I would really like a wider one, but this one will do. <end>  silver chain  I purchased a sterling silver Italian snake chain bracelet. I'm allergic to anything with nickle so this worked nicely. It was shipped quickly and exactly what I ordered at a very reasonable price. I would buy from this vendor again. I have never been disappointed with an item I have ordered through Amazon. <end>  Just what I was looking for  I have had this chain for about a week now, and I wear it 24 hours. I bought the 14" one, and it sticks to the neck - which is what I wanted. It's hard to find the 14" length in stores and was glad to find it here on Amazon. The chain is thick, all nice and silvery and I like that it's nickel free. The shipping was quick as well. Thank You! <end>  Sterling Silver 1.2 mm snake chain (14")  Purchased three of these chains for grandchildren. They are absolutely beautiful but 2 or the 3 chains broke at the point where the chain is joined to the ketch.I would have given these chains with 5 stars but I do not know why the chains failed. (i.e. If grandchildren mishandled or if chains had a poor connection joint.) <end>  Poor Quality  Had this for only a couple of months or so and it's already broken. It only ever received occasional, light wear. The chain snapped clean through. Do not waste your money. <end>  Good buy!  I had metal allergy, so I was looking for nickel-free chain. I bought 18", and it's good length for me. Fast shipping, good packing. I really like it, and am happy because I don't need to wear old silver chain.(Of course, it includes nickel!) <end>  Very nice necklace  I ordered this chain as a replacement for another chain I already had but broke, and I'm happy with the purchase. It's very good quality and after 3 weeks of wearing it constantly, there is no signs of wear or tarnish. I would buy from this vendor again. Thanks! <end>  Nice product  I purchased an 18" chain. My order arrived very quickly. The chain is nice and appears sturdy. In my opinion, this is a good product. <end>  Silver Snake Chain Necklace  I bought this snake chain necklace in the 14" length. It is beautiful and of very good quality. I love it! I am a small adult so it is not just for a child. I am enjoying wearing mine with various pendants. <end>  Sterling Silver Chain  Excellent buy. My purchase was intended for my 2 nieces for Christmas! Upon arrival, my daughter claimed one and I claimed the second. Now I've got to order 2 more! Fast delivery, too. <end>  BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE  I have searched & searched for a necklace exactly like this one. I love the look of a short chain - I got this children's necklace & it works perfectly!I love it!Sandy <end>  Great item! Hard to find!  I bought two of these (one for each daughter 3 & 6). It is very hard to find sterling chains in the length needed for children. Thank you! <end>
 B000A3WXD4  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets medium thick 2mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Nice looking but....  The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on. The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp. Not very happy. <end>  Nice looking but....  The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on. The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp. Not very happy. <end>
 B000A3WXDE  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets medium thick 2mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Nice looking but....  The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on. The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp. Not very happy. <end>
 B000A3WXE8  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Heavy 2.5mm Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Sabrina Silver ROCKS!!  Excellent product, price and service. I've made multiple purchases from Sabrina and am perfectly satisfied. I wouldn't hesitate to transact again. Thanks Sabrina! <end>  pandora silver bracelet  Item is superior to others I have seen and was promptly received. I will go back to them for future items <end>  Sterling Silver 2.5 mm Snake Chain Bracelet  Quick response and delivery. Beautiful bracelets, I purchased 2 to give as gifts. Great buy. <end>  Great bracelent  I love this bracelet, it is real sterling silver, I previously purchased an imposter that claimed to be silver and it wasn't. This bracelet is comfortable to wear and looks great. <end>
 B000A3Z69W  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets thin 1mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Wonderful value ...  This is a lovely small-ish chain. The description says it's "very thin," but it has some weight to it, certainly enough to handle some of my larger pendants. It's a higher-quality snake chain, very fluid, and a great compliment to my nicer silver pendants.I'm planning to purchase a couple more of these in different lengths. They're really very nice, and the shipping was fast and reasonably priced. <end>  sterling necklace  this is the most beautiful necklace. It is smooth and round feels great on. Love it with my different pendants. <end>  Excellent Value  Very good chain for the price - it's lovely - but your hair WILL get caught up in it! <end>  Great Product - Excellent Price!!!  I love my snake chain. I wear it 6 days out of the week. It was the lowest price online - even cheaper than ebay!!! I received it quickly as well. I highly recommend this seller. Great product at an excellent price! I will shop again! <end>  Happy with this product!  Very happy and planning on ordering MANY more!Michellewww.keepsakerosaries.com <end>
 B000A44IA4  Nickel Free Tarnish Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Rhodium Plated 7mm Band Mens Ring Size 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 ||	  ok  shines nice light weight but the bottom is very thin. would think the thickness at the top would be all the way around the band <end>  Great wedding ring for my husband.  I got this for my husband for our wedding, and since we were on a budget it was a great help and so beautiful. <end>  Not What I Expected  The ring was too shiny and unappealing to me, upon opening the box, I knew that it just wasn't what I wanted, I gave it away to a family member. <end>  Perfect for the price  I absolutly love my fiance wedding band. It is shiny and is really perfect for the price. My man loved it <end>  cheap  item was very cute but in only one month time gems started falling out i would have just put my money towards a official ring if i knew this was going to happen !!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Eccentric!  This ring is very beautiful and looks very masculine on his hand. Well worth the cost! The design is like none other that I have seen and I have looked through many catalogs at men bands! I am very pleased! <end>  Very Nice Ring  I expected it to be a little heavier then it is -- but other than that I really like the ring.It sparkles on the hand and looks like the real thing <end>  LOVE IT!!!  We absolutely love this ring. It looks expensive and has a wonderful shine but be careful, it runs a little big so look into a half size smaller. <end>  ***Stunning*** Beautiful  This ring is BEAUTIFUL! Purchased this as a wedding band for my Fiance and even though he preffers to wear only yellow gold He LOVES this ring. Other reviews are correct in that the ring DOES scratch easily- But still ABSOLUTELY a wonderful choice... This ring ended up getting lost/stolen after having it only a week and we were both VERY relieved that while the ring IS amazing-stunning- at least we didn't lose hundreds or even thousands $  ( We will deffinatly be ordering an exact replacement! I just wish this was available in 1/2 sizes so that I wouldn't have to pay a resizing fee somewhere again- Still worth it though!4**** because it does Scratch easily- but HEY!- It's a man's ring! <end>  At first glance  At first glance this ring looks like no other. Ever since then, however, it has been nothing but a horrible mess. The tarnish free has tarnished! All of the stones lose their shine! Everything gets caught in the inside of the ring because it is practically hollow. If it even skims something it scratches. All in all nothing but a piece of junk! <end>  not so sure??  man..i went on SO Many different sites trying to find the perfect ring for me and my boyfriend's anniversary present. I was so close to getting a ring from limoges.com for him, but i decided that the ring wasn't "SPECIAL" enough. I didn't receive it yet, but i hope that he'll love it..because I loved it, and fell in love with it first sight...and if you have similar taste as me, you could get the http //www.amazon.com/Simulated-Diamond-Twin-Band-Silver/dp/B000B4TDBW/ref=sr_1_51?ie=UTF8&s;=jewelry&qid;=1196044465&sr;=1-51BUT FOR FEMALES!!---^ yes, now my only concerns is that i PRAY the ring will fit, and the "fragileness" of it as said by the other customers. <end>  Not What I Expected  I bought this ring for my boyfriend. It wasn't wide enough to look masculine unless your man has small, feminime hands. I will be returning this ring. <end>  Nice masculine handsome ring  I bought this ring for my husband. It looks very nice and is a good quality ring. Have not had it for very long and have not been able to give it to him yet so we will see how well it holds up when being worn. I did purchase a females ring from here as well and the silver and everything still looks great and I have worn it everyday. <end>  Classy  WHen I opened the box I was shocked it is a wonderful ring. My husband is going to love it on his birthday. <end>  Very nice.  It is a very nice ring. The price was good and the ring is holding up well. I don't wear it every day but it is nice. I would recommend for anyone who loves rings like I do. q -) <end>  i love this ring  the ring was great its perfect the shipping came when it was supposed too everything was perfect <end>  great ring  this is a very nice ring and ver fancy, but you have to be carefull with it and where you put it. <end>  Wonderful Item  I got this as christmas gift and he loved it. It was wonderful. Thank you! <end>  Its ok  It is ok, nothing special, You get what you pay for. It is too small for my husband so I wanted to exchange it and made several calls and e-mails but never got a response so I just gave up. So I am hoping my husband can have it enlarged. So not real happy right now. Angela <end>  Beautiful, but very fragile  This ring is as beautiful and fancy as it looks. I would recommend this for anyone willing to slip off the ring during any activty. I scratched mine up the first night I slept with it, now I know how soft it can be . Otherwise its nice. <end>  Wedding Band  Nice ring, but kind of small. I should have read the description more carefully.I wanted something a bit larger but thats my fault. It is 8mm at the top and tappers down to about 4mm at the bottom. Thats an average width for a mens wedding band. The mounting is well finished and the cz's are good quality. All the stones are channel set square (princess cut) the center stone is only slightly larger the side stones.Seller did not mention weight but my estimate is .50 cttw .This would be a good choice for an understated inexpencive wedding band. <end>  Beautiful  I would have to say that this is the nicest ring for a guy that I have seen in a VERY long time. It's just beautiful. The only thing is..It gets dirty really quick and you have to watch what jewelry cleaner you use. The one we used on it turned it a gold looking color. Just be careful! You dont wanna ruin it! <end>  RING IS OUTSTANDING MUCH BETTER IN PERSON PICTURE DOSE NOT DO THIS RING JUSTICE JUST BEAUTYFULL LOVE THE RING  I BOUGHT THIS RING BECAUSE I OWN A YELLOW GOLD COLLECTION OF JEWELRY A WHIT GOLD AND PLATNUM SO I FIGURED I WANTED SILVER I SAW THE RING AND SAID WHAT THE HECK FOR THE PRICE WHAT CAN I LOSE THIS RING IS STUNNINGLY BEAUTYFULL I PUT THIS ON WITH MY WHITE GOLD WATCH EVERY ONE THAT LOOKED AT MY RING NEW IT WAS WHITE GOLD LITTLE THAT THEY KNEW ITS SILVER .PEOPLE ARE ALWAYS LOOKING A MY FINGER I CAN WEAR IT AS MY WEDDING BAND ANY FINGER ANY HAND IN FACT MY WIFE TRIED IT ON AND WANTED TO KEEP IT.PS THE STONES ON THIS RING WILL NEVER FALL OUT BEHIND EVERY STONE IS A HOLE IN THE SILVER A STONE KNEEDS TO BREATH IN ORDER TO STAY IN PLACE.IVE BEEN INTO JEWERLY MY ENTIRE LIFE IF YOUR READING THIS JUST BUY IT .IT WILL BLOW YOUR MIND MEN OR WOMAN <end>  I love it!  The ring is more beautiful than I expected. My husband has not worn it yet because it is too big, but he thinks I paid a fortune for it. Beautiful just beautiful! <end>  Beautiful Ring  I must say that I absolutely love this ring. It is beautiful and very classy. Since wearing the ring, I have gotten so many compliments and everyone wanting to know where I got the ring. Of course, I tell them. I would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves class and beauty. <end>  Mens .925 sterling silver ring by gem avenue  I bought the sterling silver ring for a christmas gift. I was very happy with it when I recieved it. I think it is beautifully made, inspite a picky guy- he likes it too. I am happy with the ring. <end>  Valentin  I not just like it - I LOVE it!!!Eventhough I got myself confused with a size and have to wear it on another finger now, I love it from the moment it apeared in my hands,MY PRECIOUS..... <end>  Great... for now  I think the ring is beautiful, and so does the person I gave it too. Every precaution is being taken to avoid scratching, and after reading other reviews, we'll be taking that many more. I reccomend it, but be careful! <end>  Good gift  Good gift for the man in your life without having to break the bank! You must remind him to be gentle with it. I, personally, was hoping for something a bit more sturdy, but its still a great ring. <end>  Gorgeous ring!  My husband did not think it was too feminine. Perfect fit - and arrived the day we married in the cutest little box. Very shiny and sparkly - looks completely real. <end>  Mens sterling silver wedding band  This ring is a nice ring. My husband liked it, however it is a little small, should have ordered 1/2 size bigger. But overall it is pretty. <end>  lovely elegant nicely made, simple but eye catching.  i never thought i'd wear a shiny diamond (cough cough... ok cubic zirconia) ring. but i thought hey with all the doom and gloom in the world, i just want something pretty to look at. seriously.took me forever to find a simple, non-gaudy design. i think there are over a thousand styles on amazon, literally took me like an hour to pore through them. but found this and ordered it.it's a very pretty, simple, and tasteful ring in person. i've had it a month or so now, it is not nearly as shiny with the brilliant chrome finish like the pic shows, tho it did arrive that shiny. it's just silver is a soft metal, so quite soon it will just look "normal". i actually wish they made one in white gold, maybe i'd step up and pay just for a metal that keeps its lustre a little more. but again, it is the nature of silver to dull a bit and even though this isn't as blindingly shiny as it was out of the box, i still love it.overall, a very nice piece. and not expensive at all! i wear it on my bird (as in flip the bird...) finger, or my index finger. not as a wedding band on my fourth finger. not married, not interested.... thank you very much!). so i really do just wear it as an accent / accessory piece. a very subtle, eye-catching piece.;-) <end>  Nice  My husband gets compliments all the time. He beats his rings to death!! For the price I could careless lol!! <end>  Nice Balance  This ring seems to have the perfect balance between the silver band and the channel of stones, with the slightly larger stone in the center. It is very comfortable to wear and looks good for every day and more dressy occasions. <end>  Blown away!!!!  I wish I could have rated it 10 stars! I received this ring about 3 days after I ordered it! That impressed me first. Then, I opened it and I was just speechless! My husband had been without a ring for so long and we just hadn't had the money to buy him a ring. I was so pleased with what I received. The picture does it absolutely nooooo justice! And my husband just smiles everytime he looks at it. It was suppose to be a Christmas gift for my husband, needless to say I didn't wait, I was too excited! He loves it! And I do too! <end>  Amazing!  I don't usually take the time to leave reviews, but this is something special. Beautiful piece, awesome value, and it really looks very expensive. My first purchase of jewelry for myself in a very long time and I couldn't be more pleased! <end>  Great looking ring  I love this ring. I bought it for my husband and it looks great on him. Very high polish, the stones seem to be set well, nothing is lose or missing. He wears it daily and the ring is holding up very nicely. Great product!! <end>  Amazing  This ring is the best ring I have ever gotten. It is simply amazing and the price is outstanding. I would most definitely recommend this ring to anybody else. <end>  Wowed with this ring!  Ordered this ring for my fiance. We were both WOWed when we opened the box and saw how beautiful it was. We were both extremely surprised to see that the photo used on the website was no where near doing justice to this ring. It's a nice heavy weight, shines & we both love it! Just hope it's not as hard to keep clean or free-from-nicks-&-scratches as some other reviews here have stated. <end>  Beautiful Ring  i just received this ring and i have to say it is the most beautiful ring i ever own. i cant wait to show it off to friends and family. it is better in person than it is in the picture. i would recommend this ring to anyone!!!! <end>  Stunning  I bought this for my BF of nearly 2 years for valentines day. He was so surprised and thought I had spent a lot more than I did. he wears it often and despite a crack about it looking like a mens engagement ring, he loves it. very special, and yes it sparkles like that. <end>  very pleased  I was very impressed with the product ( ring ). It was exactly as described in your ad. I showed it to some friends who were also impressed. The ring exceeded my expectations and I was very happy with the price. Thank You <end>  Beautiful ring  I bought this ring past four month, People thought I'm really married or engaged because the ring I wear it looks very expensive and people couldn't tell where did you bought from. I love this ring so much. May be when my girlfriend's birthday present I will buy a ring like this, but I won't tell her how much it is cost, it is cheap and looks very expensive such as you bought a ring at the mall. <end>  Its very feminine.  It looks like a ring for a man when you look at the picture online, but in real life its a very feminine looking ring. <end>  very nice ring  very nice i will use it as a back up to my wedding ring thank you very very very much <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring exceeded all expectations for quality and looks. I have had so many complements on its style and beauty. <end>  Very impressive!!!  This ring sparkles everywhere - not just under the right lights. Looks like a very expensive ring. Way to go whoever decided to sell these ones. <end>  DECENT BUY  Nice looking ring for the decent price; not aware of how it happened but the ring bent after some time. <end>  cons on amazon  I bought this ring for my boyfriend bevause he liled it and the wonderful reviews. He wore it and in 90 days the stones start falling out. This is considered a DEFECTIVE PRODUCT I CONTACTED THEM THEY SAID ONLY 30 day gurantee would not fix replace or exchange. I buy alot of silver rings for example Avon silver jewelery lasts forever and will exchange or credit you no problem. PLease email me if u have had problems w/this company betsortiz@verizon.net they call themselves a customer service team with that kind of team the customer will lose everytime. I am questioning ring quality on this site i returned a womens ring same reason to a different amazon.co and they were wonderful. What is happening to customer service very hard to find now a days. <end>  First Glance...  I was looking at several differnt rings, almost made up my mind until something told me to view the next page..SO GLAD I did! When I seen this ring, it took my breath away! Literally...I knew it was the ONE. Couldn't wait to get it, and it seemed overnight there it was in my mail box...I practially RAN back inside to get it open. ALL SMILES...and I have to also add, What a SMILE it put on his face  o) Now I'm searching GEM AVENUE for one to match for myself  o) Besides it taking my breath away, what a GREAT DEAL for such a nice looking ring! <end>  Beautiful ring, great price and value  This is a beautiful ring. I purchased it for my husband and was ecstatic about the quality and beauty of the ring. My husband loved it as well. The price was phenomenal. <end>  Great Ring!  This ring is a great find. I've gotten a lot of compliments on the ring. It's great for those that like the look of silver or white gold. It's a ring for everyday wear. <end>  Men Ring  Very good deal, nice ring, even it is my ring but my wife loved it. <end>  6 Stars  Absoutely beautiful...I haven't had it long enough for it to get solied, but I will use a good silver polish to clean it,and I am sure it will polish like new again...It has the looks of very expensive and quality jewelry... <end>  Mens .925 Sterling Silver Band Cubic Zirconia Ring... Great Buy!  I bought this ring for my fiancee and he absolutely loves it! It's just a nice as the picture leads one to believe. Thank you Gem Avenue for supplying me with a perfect gift at a reasonable price. =] <end>  !!!  Its a very nice ring, though expecting something more sturdy and heavy, its nice anyway. <end>  Nice Price for a nice Ring  Really awesome ring to give a gift. Shines brighly and the price is just awesome! <end>  A Good Looking Modest Ring!  Much nicer than I was expecting for the price. This is a modest looking ring, not gaudy or the "look at me" some rings made with CZ's portray. I think, sometimes, because Zirconia is so inexpensive that it would be easy to get a stone too big and would just look phony. This has a nice look, it is a simple design, stones are set down in the band, protecting them from snagging. So much for my ranting about overdoing it with CZ's! Have fun! <end>  Excelente Anillo  Por lo general no soy muy dado al uso de este tipo de prendas. Hace 10 a&ntilde;os que no tenia uno. En los &uacute;ltimos meses me he interesado en el tema y luego de una extensa b&uacute;squeda, he decidido adquirir este en particular. Una vez lo tienes puesto en la mano, te hace lucir que tienes una joya de alta calidad. Lo he comparado con otro anillo que mi esposa tiene en oro blanco y no existe diferencia apreciable. Una muy buena compra. <end>  amazeing  the service from gem avenue was first class and on time . the ring i bought was better than i thought and looked as if it was white gold i will be buying from them again has i have already from amazson .thanks <end>  Mens 925 Sterling Silver Band Cubic Zirconia Ring.  I was very impressed with the ring i bought it is beautifully made and it looks alot more expensive than it is. There is a real quality to it. <end>  Very Nice  I gave this to my boyfriend for Christmas and he LOVES it. He generally doesn't like men's rings because they're too large and clunky, but this one is just perfect. It's true to size and it's sparkly without being overdone - it's something he can wear every day - he fixes electronics and it doesn't interfere with his work. Would highly recommend to men who like smaller, less massive rings or who like a little sparkle!  ) <end>  Beautiful ring, and has held up well  I bought this ring as an engagement ring for my then-fiance/now-husband, way back in April. I have purposely waited to write a review, because I wanted to wait and see if it was really as fragile as I feared. I'm happy to say that the ring has held up VERY WELL. It looks just about as good as it did when he first put it on! There are a few minor scratches, but nothing noticeable- most of them are on the back side of the band. I will note that my husband does take the ring off to shower, wash dishes, work on mechanical stuff, etc. I will also add that this is a relatively thin and understated men's ring, and looks best on a guy with nice hands and fingers. It is extremely elegant and lacks the gaudy chunky look that some men's jewelry has.Anyway, I have to say that it's an absolutely gorgeous ring and looks quite expensive in real life. It really sparkles! My guy loves it. This ring has proven to be both attractive and sturdy... I recommend it! <end>  Stunning  This was going to be my husbands Temp wedding band. We cannot afford the one that we would like to purchase, but after receiving this one, he really really really loves it and doesn't want to purchase a different one!!! How awesome is that! <end>  Great rings  I wrote a review before and for some reason, I'm being asked to write another one. I really like the rings, both the men's and the women's!!! <end>  Excellent bling for the buck  It looks like it costs much more. Very nicely done, and not too big a statement (that giant photo may mislead you). <end>  Very pleased  As soon as I saw this ring I ordered it without hesitation,it was shipped promptly and professionally,I will recommend it to anyone on a tight budget and want to look fabolous. <end>  Great  I loved the ring I bought for my fiance. I recieved the ring in less than a week after purchasing, and it came in the cutest little box with a bow on top! The ring is a little smaller than i had first imagined it to be (not finger size wise, but in accordance to actual width) but i was very pleased not only with the quality of the product, but int he delivery and packaging as well. <end>  Very nice  This is a great ring for the money it fits and fast shipping. NO problems <end>  Got it as a gift for my BF  Hey guys, Just wanted to stop by and let you know the rings are beyond great, I was very surprised with the quality or the ring !!! Interesting enough my B/F LOVED it and he is SUPER picky!!! Let me tell you my friends still think its a gold ring since the quality of silver used to make it its great and can full anyone to think its white gold... For ANYONE reading this review dont think about it twice, its a GREAT buy and for me to take the time to go online and white this it takes A LOT hehehe... &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; And FYI, the pic in the website does not look as good as the real thing >>>> Once you get the ring you will see what I am talking about... <end>  WOW  Wow is an understatement for this ring. My husband put it on and I was in awww. It has the most amazing shine and glisten to it. Not too flashy but says a lot when you see it. Stunning. <end>  Nice Ring! Great Services!  The shiping from Gem Avenue is very fast. The ring is well polishing as well as the cz stones are sparkle and always shiny in the light! If you look for the nice ring with the reasonable price, go for this ring and you will love it! <end>  Great ring! Great transaction!  This is a great ring. It is very shiny, and looks real. I get compliments on it all the time, and it will definitely do the job until we can pay off all wedding bills and purchase a real one. I am sure that I will buy one that looks very similar to this one. <end>  AMAZING!!!  My fiance' loved the ring!! Brought tears to his eyes. The ring is so amazing, highly recommend!!! Best of Luck! <end>  Simple yet very elegant  This is simply a very beauty ring. It doesn't feel like you are being flashy or trying hard to make a statement. If I just step back and just imagine myself wearing, I would think that the person has good taste and style instead. I have only been wearing it for one day, but it look very shinny especially in natural light. It look very expensive and feel like the really thing. The width is just right I believe. Someone mentioned that it's too narrow. I have small finger, so it's slightly bigger on mine, so I guess you can't please everyone. Also, this is a very versatile ring. You can wear it with a t-shirt, and it's still appropriate and beautiful. <end>  Ring  This ring is absolutely beautiful. My husband thought it was real and you cannot tell the difference. Only thing is that it runs big in size. <end>  Value Beyond Compare  Mens .925 Sterling Silver Band Cubic Zirconia RingWith a little care this ring will remain as handsome as the day you took it from its box. I frequently recieve compliments on mine. <end>  Affordable wedding band  On a tight budget. This is the perfect wedding band for guys who are looking to save extra cash to purchase other things for the wedding. <end>  nice ring, but could have been great  Like the other reviews, i agree the material is soft, but it is a nice looking ring. I am very pleased with the order, but i wish the band width was the same all the way around the ring. It is about half the size in the back. I guess some people might really like this feature, but for me...not so much. You still can't go wrong on the price!! <end>
 B000A6VFIK  Faberge Style Egg on the Pearl necklace ||	  nice necklace  I recently purchased one of the pearl egg on necklace for a special lady in my life. Shipping was a bit slow, but got here before Christmas. The pearl egg had 2 very minor scratches and it was packed in an after market case that did not fit well. Faberge is not stamped anywhere on the necklace and no certificate of authenticity was included. However, overall the necklace did look very nice and is attractive. Only three average stars. <end>
 B000A7XIW0  14k Yellow Gold Small (S) Size threaded 3mm Ball Stud Earrings, HypoAllergenic ||	  Good Earrings  I bought this for my then 5 month old daughter when she lost her existing earrings. The earrings are of good quality. It was easy to put the earrings in her ear. It is also the correct size for her small face. It does not overextend at the back, so it does not poke her even when she lies down. The only downside is that the thread is tiny, so she may not be able to wear any other earring if the hole in her ear closes to the tiny dimensions of this thread. I would have bought the bigger size if the product information and photographs were clearer. Hence the 3 stars. <end>  Great for secondary piercing..!!!!!  Bought this as a Christmas present for my 17-year old daughter. She has a smaller piercing above her regular one. Her ears are very sensitive and cannot tolerate anything non-hypoallergenic. They are very small but do look elegant. Love the screw-back feature; ensures that she won't loose the earrings. They're also comfortable to sleep on; posts are not too long. Nice for busy teen who doesn't want to change earrings all the time. Daughter is very happy with these gold posts. <end>  too small  I had a very hard time putting them in my granddaughters ears. Much to small..... <end>  Tiny, Delicate, and just perfect for babies and small kids!  These worked out great as a gift for baby, tiniest screw in ball you will probably be able to find, but quality construction, and allergy free gold. <end>
 B000A7Y4V4  925 Sterling Silver CZ Stud Earrings ||	  Tarnished!  Item arrived baldy tarnished. I was very disappointed when I opened the little blue box to see a set of tarnished earrings. I wanted to use them for an event and I did not have any cleaner. Sad day. Sent back immediately. <end>
 B000A8DBO4  14kt #1 Daughter-in-Law Charm - XAC615 ||	  Gift purchase  Disappointed by quality of item. Too fragile and thin and discolored on back of charm. If not returnable I will not be ordering from Amazon or this jeweler in the future. Thank you <end>
 B000A8Q9H0  Peridot and Blue Topaz Fashion Earrings in 10K White Gold ||	  Very nice  I really liked the way these looked and the stones matched my wife and daughers months so I got them for my wife along with the matching neckless. she loves them and I think they look great on her. I wasn't 100% sure about buying peridot jewelry but these are great. <end>  Beautiful  I received these as a gift more than a year ago and they are simply beautiful. The artistic shapes draw a lot of compliments and the stones look expensive. <end>  Something beautiful for a beautiful lady  Once she was what I got her, she told me how great taste I had (This gift made her happy and that made me happy....and the fact that girls are crazy about white gold these days helps too) <end>
 B000AA2VN4  Pink FLOWER Belly Button Ring ||	  OK, but ...  Looks really cute online, but you'll notice that the flower on the lower bead is at a downward angle ... so it doesn't peek up at folks (or the wearer) ... only the white part really shows up.Very impressive shipping though (FAST), so I opted to give it the three start. I plan to try other designs by Body Candy! <end>
 B000AA2VUW  Dark Blue AURORA BALL Banana Belly Ring ||	  You get what you pay for  I like this belly ring, but the "aurora" effect scratched off in the first week with basic cleaning. It's now a plain, dark blue belly ring. It's still nice, but I was a little disappointed that the irridescent effect was about the same as painting one coat of fingernail polish on it. <end>  Get what you pay for  Let me first say that the delivery was excellent. I got the item earlier than expected. I don't blame the seller at all. However, the problem is that I got what I paid for. The balls are plastic so the metal post easily stripped the grooves where it screws into the ball. There was no way to tighten it. I lost the ball and the ring the 2nd day I was wearing it. However, the one day I had the ring, I loved it. It was pretty that first day. <end>
 B000AA7JE0  Rainbow AURORA BALL Banana Belly Ring ||	  aurora ball belly ring  i was pleased when the item arrived, until i wore it. the aurora finish came off after only a couple hours wear now it's just a black ball. i love body candy products but will stick to the metal jewelry in the future <end>
 B000AA8BQU  Acrylic BLACK HEART Belly Button Ring ||	  It's so pretty  It looks really nice for going out. It made it to my house in one piece. <end>  my stuf  The items all arrived very quickly and they where exactly what was described. <end>
 B000AAQXGU  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Antiqued Buckle Toe Ring ||	  I like it a lot  I used to have a chain-like toering, but after about a year and a half of use it broke in half.. I wanted to find something just as unique as it and then I finally came across this.I might even like it more then my old favorite! It's very very shiney and I have to say it's very thick! I doubt this one will ever break in half... It took a lot of strength to tighten it around my toe but once I did it's very comfortable and doesn't rotate.Usually when I get toe rings at this price and this type of metal it's very flexible and might come off easily, but this one is staying put and I'm not worried about it coming off while swimming, or getting uncomfortable when wearing shoes.Overall if you're thinking about buying this toering, or even this brand I highly recommend you do =) <end>
 B000AASQH4  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Antiqued Skull Toe Ring ||	  Just what she wanted!  Its a toe ring! I got this as a gift for a very good friend of mine who wheres flip-flops every day of the year. She loves it. And its less than $5 for this... just order it, how can you go wrong? Size it yourself with no tools, just like any toe ring. Stays on tight. <end>  jewelry  I love this toe ring. Very good quality for the price. Would reccomend to my friends. It's exactly as it was portrayed to be on line. Very happy. <end>  nice ring, but a bit small  Small size, would not fit on the big toe even at max size. Craftsmanship is good, well made. I got it for my daughter, she wears it on her pinkie & likes it, she is into 'pirate stuff'. For the price, well worth it. <end>
 B000ABL2UQ  Platinum Heart Pendant ||	  Beautiful piece of jewelry  I highly recommend the seller,Jewelry Days, of this beautiful piece of jewelry which I wear everywhere. Platinum is an extremely durable precious metal and one of my favourites. <end>
 B000ACYVN0  Toe Ring .Egyptian Cross Sterling Silver ||	  This is such a pretty toe ring!  I really enjoy my toe ring, and I have received many compliments on how pretty it is. I recieved it in about 3 days which is the quickest I have EVER recieved anything from on-line. I recommend this product to anyone who enjoys toe rings. <end>
 B000ACZ4JK  Ballet Dancer Necklace from the Artazia Collection #258 GN ONK ||	  Ballet Dancer Necklace  A very fine piece of art, I did not imagine such miniature pendant. It is reminiscent of russian style of jewelry. <end>
 B000AD35BS  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Antiqued Claddagh Toe Ring ||	  claddagh ring review  I really like this ring! I have ordered several of them, because they only last about a year (of constant wear). This is not a complaint at all! I am thrilled with the size and shape of this ring. <end>  The perfect Claddagh Toe Ring!  This gem of a toe ring is yet another great buy from Goldfinger!The craftsmanship is of high quality with the best materials used.Definitely worth the money spent.The metal is easy to adjust to your toe size/width without loosing shape or becoming weak. I own several by this company and I am extremely pleased with how well their toe rings stand up to everyday wearing!Claddagh Ring Meaning [...] <end>
 B000AHU4OK  Ankle Bracelet - Sterling Silver Heart Anklet With Black Cats Eye (9 inch) ||	  Ankle Bracelet  Super quick service, arrived 4 days before scheduled delivery, great value for the price. Thanks, LJF <end>
 B000AHX0ZU  Sterling Silver 5mm Plain Kids 2 inch Bangle Bracelet With Push Button Clasp ||	  DAMAGED...GOING BACK  This arrived with a dent in it and it will not stay closed. Has a chain for security but does drop of wrist. Not happy with the quality of this bracelet.The one star I gave it is only because they did ship it! <end>
 B000AKWQUW  Amazon.com  Marc Ecko The Genius ( sz. One Size Fits All, Black/Black )  Clothing ||	  What could have been..  In the product description for this watch it says there is "floating 5, 6 and 7 on the patterned lower dial". This is almost true except for the floating part. Instead the numbers just fall freely which causes them to often get jammed together. What could have been an excellent idea of having the numbers float in some sort of translucent liquid, making the design moreso unique, the watch instead has lifeless numbers that appear clumsy. The other quirk I had with this watch is that it's unisex but the face is huge, too big to fit onto a girls wrist.I still love it though. <end>
 B000AM8WAS  Men's Diamond Band 1/15ctw ||	  Loved It!  I bought this as my husband's wedding band. It is very handsome on him and we both love it. <end>
 B000AM8XPC  14K White Gold 1/2 ct. Diamond Heart Pendant with Chain ||	  Diamond heart pendant with chain  My wife loved the necklace! Super Fast shipping!! I will always continue to shop with Katarina. <end>
 B000AMPJRM  Planet Earrings, Earth Or Mars Marbles With Gold Fill Findings ||	  I have the world in my hands...  Well, I have the world in my ears, anyway! Two years ago, I came across these little globes - as marbles - in a gift shop in Asheville, North Carolina. It was a special day shared with my travel companion, so I purchased one of the earth marbles, dropped it in my companion's palm, and laughed that I had just given him the world. Two years later, he "retaliated" with two earth globe earrings, the ones you see here, and now these funky little globes hang from my ears. I have the 22K gold version, and they are fun, pretty, well made, and the hooks are a comfortable size so that they hang freely and catch the eye with a gold glint against blue. Delivery was quicker than promised. I plan to purchase the matching necklace to complete the set. Once you have the sensation of world domination, you only want more... <end>  Beautiful, Nice details  I purchased both the Earth earrings and the necklace and think that they are beautiful. The details on them are really nice. <end>  cute earthy wear  Cute, must haves ... naturally good to go ! and get the matching necklace <end>  Beautiful detail  I love them, they have so much detail. also bought the necklace.and they are made of recycle glass! <end>
 B000AMVSPE  Kryptonite 5ft. 5in. New York Chain and Evolution Series 4 Disc Lock ||	  Keeps thieves away!  I bought this after I had my motorbike stolen (as it wasn't chained up) and although the chain is VERY heavy no one will be able to easily or quietly steal my new bike. <end>
 B000AMXM30  Planet Pendant, Earth Or Mars Marbles On A Gold Fill Or Stainless Steel Chain ||	  Smaller than you think.  It's a pretty tiny globe. I mean its nice if you, like me, specifically wanted a globe necklace, but its pretty tiny and a bit too pricey. It ended up being almost [...] bucks. Too much. Really expensive shipping too, especially for such a small. I bought a DVD at the same time, and paid double in shipping for this little necklace. Maybe try a different one? <end>  Nice details  I bought the pendant and the earrings. The detail of the maps is really nice, and knowing that is made from recycled glass is like making a statement... The chain is not good quality so i got another one. Beautiful. <end>  Natural Continents not worth the $$$  I was really disappointed in this necklace when I opened it. I ordered the "natural continents" version. The continents are obviously computer printed stickers that are stuck onto the marble. You could see all the pixels, and even see wrinkles where the sticker had overlapped. There was a big gob of glue on the top where the chain had been glued on. I had expected the chain to be a little heavier and of better quality. Instead it felt like one of those light fake childrens necklaces you buy out of the quarter machines. I cannot speak for the gold continent version of this necklace, but the natural continents are definately not worth the money, however, a portion of the proceeds do go towards environmental foundations and the marble is made from recycled glass. <end>  A miniature wonder  Fantastic detail in this piece. Even some of the smallest islands are visible! I ordered it because I love unique jewelry, but I imagine this would be a great gift for anyone interested in cartography or geography, a social studies teacher...I must add that mine came with a 20-inch chain; the length was not specified in the product description.Very nicely made product, and sure to elict comments. <end>  Global  I have been looking for something like this for awhile. I really like it. It is realistic. It is not cheaply made. <end>  Bargain  This was exactly what I wanted and expected. For this price it is a great buy. Be aware that the continents are simply stickers. They are very high class stickers though (I ordered the gold continents pendant). I ordered two of them as gifts - one was perfect, but the other has a slight crease across South America. However, the price is so cheap that you can't have your expectations too high. <end>  Better than I thought  I bought this item as a &#34;gag&#34; gift for someone who had told me that they wanted the world for Christmas. Well, I just recieved it and am amazed at the quality. I must admit I expected it to be a tad more chintzy than what it was...the quality is superb, the color rich, and this is one of those times where the picture does not do the item justice <end>  alright  lovely piece but not what I expected, returned item and was very easy to do so. lindsay was great. A++++ <end>  Completely amazing! don't understand the bad reviews  I was unsure at first about ordering the Pendant, Blue Earth Marble, Natural Earth Continents, Endless Stainless Steel Chain, 1 Inch Diameter because of the bad reviews. The review that stood out to me was that the marble had "cheap" stickers on it - they are not cheap stickers at all! They are printed on the marble with great quality and do not have any sign of peeling off at any time at all. They are not overlapped in any way! The continents have great color and detail - every small island is printed! The marble is also a sparkling deep turquoise that shines in the light. I am completely amazed with this product & I am so glad that I ignored the few bad reviews! I will love with product for the rest of my life for sure. Def. go for it! <end>  Marble Earth  Lovely piece! Purchased for 11 year old grand-daughter who dreams of traveling around the globe!Will probably replace chain, as it seems a bit heavy for a younger person. The details of the marble are intriguing.Next time I'm near Shasta, I plan to stop by the store and look at all the 'earth' products. <end>  earth necklace  great necklace , climate detail , see through , to spice it up you can get some permanent white paint and and a tooth pick and make your own atmosphere , durable chain too, love that its recycled glass <end>  Great tween gift  This was a gift for a 12 yr old girl and it was a big hit. She wears it everyday and it appears to be holding up well. <end>
 B000AMY252  Sterling Silver Crown Jewels Cubic Zirconia Pendant ||	  as advertised  First of all,I recieved the item in a very timely fashion..Approx 3 days..Second the packaging was very nice..The chain was a good quality snake chain and the pendent was a very good quality..Heavy and prettier in person. <end>  Very impressed!  Not only did I get this pretty necklace 3 days after ordering it, it is really stunning in person! It is larger and has more quality than the photo does justice. Very professional gift packaging too.It's a perfect gift for Prinzessin Kat 2005/2006! <end>  Gorgeous Necklace!!  I bought this necklace in hopes of having it in time for a pageant that I was attending. Not only did it arrive in time considering I live overseas, but it was more beautiful in person than in the picture. The only thing that I will say is that the chain didn't exactly fit with the necklace and I had to buy another one. But was it worth the purchase..ABSOLUTELY!! <end>  PERFECT!!!!!  Eves Addiction is Awesome! They shipped this necklace out so quickly, I got e-mails when the order was recieved and when it shipped out (the same day the order was placed). The crown necklace is GORGEOUS, even prettier in person, I love it! I must add that another seller is selling this item for $20 more with almost double the shipping cost. I am sooooooooo Happy I chose EvesAddction their service was perfect and the necklace is perfect! I highly recomend them and their jewelery. <end>
 B000AN12ZE  Sterling Silver Pave Cubic Zirconia Peace Sign Necklace ||	  A good buy. Updated Oct.27th, 2009. And it's STILL a good buy...  I've been shopping for a Peace-sign necklace for a while and I am very happy to have settled on this one.I did buy the real thing first. In "real" 14k White Gold with "real" .20 Diamonds,but even if the sparkle was there it was simply to small and deinty.This necklace is pretty, looks well made and the size is perfect for everyday use.Does not look like a "fake".I am very happy with this purchase.Update. October 27,2009.It still look just as it did the week I bought it.Turned out to be a very good buy. But as everyone and their grandmother is wearing anything "Peace" these days,I'm even happier that I didn't spend a lot on it..Happy. Happy!Peace! <end>
 B000ANKUHK  Natural Lavender 10-11mm Art Deco Interlocked 14k Gold Diamond Cultured Pearl Pendant Necklace 16" - Dahlia Classic Collection ||	  gorgeous  this looks amazing on - it is very delicate but makes a statement. I get tons of compliments when I wear it. <end>
 B000AO6HWQ  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Antiqued Toe Ring ||	  This one is beautiful  I got this toe ring and just love wearing it. Its pretty sturdy but is slightly different from the image shown. in the middle portion its more of silver but image shows a white tinge.The only problem is that they are too narrow that they fit only super thin toes though they are adjustable. <end>  Sturdy, quality toe ring  I bought this ring after returning one that I bought online from another seller. This toe ring is sturdy and very pretty, highly recommended. <end>  Nice purchase!  Received this toe ring, exactly how it looks in the picture. Very nice, priced right and shipped within reasonable time. Overall quite pleased! <end>
 B000AO70IQ  Sterling Silver Toe Ring ||	  Classic Style Toe Ring  This is a simple classic toe ring. It's not real fancy but it still looks nice. The picture does not do it justice though. It has a nice design on it. The metal is strong and thick. I think it is great and if you want something simple and not outrageous this is perfect. <end>
 B000AO97WI  Elegant square rhodium plated cufflinks with tartan pattern with presentation box ||	  Great little find  I purchased for my son's prom and he liked these better than the ones that came with the tux rental. His friends liked the square look of these better than their round cufflinks. <end>
 B000AOE7J6  Queen Anne Style Jewelry Armoire In Mahogany Wood Finish With Eight Deluxe Drawers, Two Side Doors, And Mirror ||	  Jewelry armoire  The packing was INCREDIBLY sturdy and I was very pleased that there were no scratches or dents on the armoire. It fit together very well and looks very nice in my house. <end>  Beautiful Armoire  This armoire is a beautiful mahogany color. It is very sturdy and has ample drawer space. This is a wonderful piece of furniture and I would gladly purchase this item again. <end>  Saved by Amazon  Time was running short for me to find the gift I wanted for my wife's birthday, a jewelry armoire. I found the perfect one on Amazon. I printed a picture of it and wrote on the bottom of the picture "IOU". I placed the picture in a box and told her happy birthday. My wife laughed and she liked it. I placed my order for it and it arrived by the date promised. It was well packaged with no damage. It was very easy to assemble. Wife happy. I'm happy. Life is good <end>  almost happy!  I bought this piece as a gift to myself to add to my bedroom set. It was delivered rather quickly once my order was placed-within the 2 weeks promised. It was packaged well so can you imagine my surprise when I opened it up and discovered a nice nick out of the top front lid. It's not something that can be hide and it clearly sticks out. One of the delicate handles on the 4th drawer down was also broken. It's a beautiful piece. It's made well and pretty solid. However I feel the few issues it has takes away some of the unique beauty of this beautiful piece!!! <end>  Poor packaging and material  Bought for my wife. When I received it, the top cover had visible scratches. I assume that was due to inadequate packaging. Also, after less than a week of use, the bottom drawer fell apart. <end>  good choice!  This item was easy to assemble and looks great...the best part is now I can see all my jewelry with ease. I am going to enjoy wearing the things I forgot I had. This armoire was a fantastic deal...you won't be disapointed. <end>  Armoire received damaged  I received this item in good time. However I was distraught when I opened this item the day before my wife's birthday only to find that the bottom draw was broken (the back had come loose from the fascia) and the underside of the lid was very badly scratched. This was very disappointing and I feel that some better quality control would have caught this before it was shipped. <end>  Poor Quality  Arrived in pieces. Made of low quality particle board and poorly constructed. I don't expect this thing to last over a year once it'S all glued back together. <end>  Absolutely Adore It!  My husband bought this for me as a Xmas gift last year. It was absolutely beautiful and I will Cherish it always. I love Queen Ann style and dark mahogany and cherry woods. It is very big and has plenty of room for all mu jewelry. This piece is an accent/decoration all in itself. Some pieces my husband had to put together, but it was very simple. It arrived in perfect condition. Not a scratch on it. <end>  Armoire Review  Unfortunately the product I recieved was defective and had to be returned. The bottom drawer was stuck and wouldn't come out. Not only did this eliminate use of that drawer, it also prohibited the attachment of the legs to the armoire since the screws to attach the legs were located beside the bottom drawer.The Company I purchased the armoire from, VISIONDECOR, was very accomodating and easy to work with. I highly recommend doing business with them. <end>  Beautiful  This item was a gift from myself to myself, and I love it! The dark woods and drawer handle style is lovely. I pondered over what might be improved with this item, and could only find 2 negative drawbacks 1.) The dividers divide the upper few drawers into 4 compartments. If you have a lot of small earrings, they don't each get their own small divider (and can easily get lost).2.)Although the drawer handles are pretty, they often like to stay in the "up position," once you've closed the doors and you have to fix it so they all look uniform.Minute details, I am happy with it. <end>  A very nice piece  Item was beautiful and has a lot of character - my wife loved receiving it on Christmas. Assembly was easy (just attach the legs + the mirrored top/lid). Since it was a Christmas present, I very much appreciated that the product box was encased in a plain brown outer box by the seller. The double packaging also helped it's perfect arrival condition as it has some weight to it. It arrived within a week of ordering. Great price, great experience - I definitely recommend. <end>  Nice Jewelry Chest  As much as I really like this chest, it did arrive with mild damage from the factory. This would not have been a concern to me except that I read several other reviews in which the product also arrived with minor damage. It makes me wonder if the price is so low because these are factory seconds. Had that been stated in the ad I would still have purchased the item because it has all the features I wanted and I would not have even blinked an eye at such minor dings. I'm choosing to keep the product and touch up the spots instead of having to take it back apart and return it. I have NOT called the company to complain. I still feel it is a very nice product for the money and the spots are hidden so noone will see them but me. I would still highly recommend this product, but be aware, based on my and other reviews, that there may be a few minor flaws when it arrives, and I do mean very minor. <end>  BEAUTIFUL JEWELRY STAND AT A GREAT PRICE!!  I am in love with this jewelry armoire!!! Use it EVERY DAY!! It has tons of drawer space, it stands pretty tall at 4 feet. It came with NO dents, no broken pieces it was perfect! It was also very easy to assembly!! I highly recommend this armoire!!! <end>  Jewelry Armoire from Amazon  The Jewelry arrived about a week late, but when it did arrive my wife was thrilled. Putting it together took less than 15 mins, since the only thing to do was attach the legs and the top. The finish, however, was more cherry than Mahogany but that did not matter. Overall, I would recommend this product, especially since the price is very reasonable. <end>  Jewelry Armoire  The jewelry armoire is great, my wife loves it. It was very easy to attach the legs. <end>  I've always wanted one of these...  I got this armoire and the bottom drawer was broken, but since the manufacturer wouldn't process a replacement drawer, I had to send the entire thing back! Since this vendor doesn't underpromise and overdeliver, it took the full shipping time to receive my original order. Which made it even more frustrating to have to send it back and wait another 8 (on top of what seemed like 10 days for the original to come) days to get a replacement. I ordered this armoire, sheets and a car charger all on the same day. The armoire was still "processing" 4 days later and I had already recieved my other 2 shipments by the time the armoire even shipped. The replacement armoire was fairly simple to put together and I actually love it, it just took to long to get. I got an email from a representative of the company noticing my first lukewarm review and they asked me to contact them for a resolution. I called them and left a voicemail and never got a return call. I guess it doesn't matter, there's nothing they can do about their shipping vendor or the manufacturer. <end>  armoire  it was not as nice as i thought, its cheaply made the wood is good but it looks like a 2 year old put it together. <end>
 B000AOVAR8  Oval Genuine Russian Green Amber in Ornate Framed Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Beautiful!  I received several compliments on this when worn. It is very unusual. I thought it would be to fat by the measurements given, but it wasn't at all. It's a nice piece with mostly a topaz amber look, but when you get it in the sun at an angle, you can see a hint of green in it. So the gem looks fluid. Really love it! Goes well with all clothing colors. Once again, Silver Insanity shipped very quick! <end>  Russian Green Amber  I received this piece in the timeframe promised and am very pleased at the quality. It is sterling silver, and actually has some weight to it. Very well crafted, the inclusions in the amber are quite beautiful, and I would recommend this piece to anyone to loves amber. <end>
 B000AQG3UA  Earcuff 9 Triple SS Sterling Silver ||	  For a small child?  Very pretty ear cuffs. But they are SO small. Looks like it is for a SMALL child. Afraid to bend them to a more open postiion, but as is, can't get them on my ear. (Which is by the way, small to average-my ear that is). Will keep them and save for re-gifting at later date. <end>
 B000AQKMD4  Sterling Silver Three Cubic Zirconia Bow Bracelet ||	  Pretty Bows  The product is nice. the bows them selves look kinda cheap if you REALLY look at them but otherwise, great present  ) <end>
 B000AS4OCC  14K Yellow Gold 2.0MM DIAMOND CUT SOLID ROPE 18" NECKLACE ||	  Beautiful Gold  I recently purchased this necklace and I am very pleased. I got many compliments. My own mother asked to wear it for a wedding shower and she got compliments on it too. It shines best in natural sun light. You'll feel good wearing this and never grow bored of it. I anticipate putting it on before I leave the house. Part of why it shines so well is because of how clean the cuts on the little circles are (not sure what the correct term or word is). Augustina is an incredibly great company, and although they are big into pearls the necklaces are for both men and women. Buy this item for yourself or give it to someone as a gift(just imagine the expression on their face when you hand it over to them). Just make sure you know the thickness and length you want. <end>
 B000AS9SDM  14K Dangle Garnet Oval Leverback Earrings 8X6mm ||	  Stones do not have the color shown correctly  The stones in these earrings are a lot paler than shown in the picture. If the earrings had been accurately depicted, I would not have purchased them. <end>
 B000AUMHWY  Southwestern Tiny Lizard or Gecko Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver, #11515 ||	  shipping cost ridiculous  This item is very nice and a good price although the shipping cost was absolutely ridiculous. These are tiny silver pierced earings and could have been sent w/two first class stamps instead of being charged $5.00. <end>
 B000AV1AY4  Three Dimensional Lizard Charm in Sterling Silver, #11523 ||	  Gecko  Very cute. I bought this as a gift. Hope the person who gets it thinks it is as cute as I do. <end>
 B000AXQJ84  Easy to Match Any Ring - CZ Wedding Band ||	  Great little ring!  This is a sweet little ring. Very comfortable, sparkly, and does exactly what it says  goes with any other ring. I may order another one. <end>  horrible!!  When I got this ring it was beautiful! But then not only 4 months later it looks like crap! I now have to find a new wedding band! I do not recomend this ring!!!! <end>
 B000AXTNKK  14k Gold Diamond Butterfly Pendant Necklace (0.10 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity), 18" ||	  So pretty  I got this as a present after putting it on my wish list. I love it. It is really delicate and pretty. It's a little smaller than I thought it would be but still one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. <end>  Beautiful Butterfly  This is a lovely necklace, the pictures do not do this necklace justice. It is much prettier in person. It was shipped fast and arrived as promised. I would highly recommend this piece for anyone who is looking for something like this. <end>  Very Elegant!!  I was very happy when I got this piece, it's a little smaller than I thought but it's just as pretty. It gives off a great sparkle in the light. The chain is thin but it works well with size of the pendant. I love it! <end>  not that much value  the chain of this product is really thin that you are worried all the time it is possible to be cut off but the butterfly's size is not that much badit is not a good present for your wife or girlfriendremember that <end>  Wife Loves It  I bought this necklace and butterfly pendant for my wife as a Valentines day gift and she loves it. The quality is just as good as anything I have bought in a jewelry store. I think the chain is a liitle short but my wife seems to think it is just fine. This has quickly become her favorite necklace as it is always around her neck! Dont believe the negative reviews as I have spent 5 times as much on a piece and it wasnt any better quality than this. Shipped very quickly and packaged in a nice jewelry box. <end>  lovely  this is a very beautiful pendent. very elegant and goes with anything. just change the chain cause it's very flimsy. <end>  Butterfly pendant  I purchase this item for my girlfriend and it was a Christmas present the girl while to open it is how I wrapped it when she opened it she loved it <end>  Very pretty, and value for price  I read enough reviews to anticipate the size of the butterfly and the fineness of the chain, so I was happy for the most part with the product. It is very pretty, delicate, and feminine. I did have complaints about the packaging since this was purchased as a gift. The velvet box was very nice, but, and this was a major problem, it really smelled badly, very chemical. Also, the necklace was packaged backwards so I had to dismantle the packaging and replace it correctly. Thirdly there is no indication in the gift box that the piece is white gold and diamonds. I had to trust to the description on the Amazon invoice that I was in fact getting what I expected. All that said, the recipient of the gift, my mother, thought it beautiful and was very pleased. <end>  Not what was expected.  I ordered this for my wife. It doesn't really look like the pictures. When it arrived the chain was knotted; it was difficult to fix this so that she could wear it. <end>  butter bug  Looks better in person, very nice. It was a gift for my wife for our anniversary. She also loves it. So what more can i say! <end>  Small but nice  Nice piece but is very small. I guess I should have read the dimensions in more detail to pick a better gift. <end>  Get what you pay for  My wife picked this out from a picture online. I orderef it to suprise her when she gave birth to out daughter which will be in a week or so!!!!!! However i was the one with the suprise. It was wat smaller than i had anticipated. The chain was so extrrmely fine and delicate. It also came shipped to me in a complicated knot that i need two friends to help me get out. So ill oresent it to my wife on that special day an aee what she says. If its not what she expected ill return itOr at least buy a different chain that wont break when u breathe on it too heavily!!! <end>  14 White Gold Butterfly pendant w diamond accent  When I received this item I was pleasantly surprised at how pretty it was. From reading the other reviews I had pictured it being very tiny, but i found that it is a perfect size, not too big and not too small. It is also very versatile too, you can dress it up with other earrings or make it more of an everyday jewelry piece. I also love how the tiny diamond accents on the part of the butterfly catch the light and give it some extra sparkle! Its a great piece. <end>  Pretty Filigree Necklace  This is a sweet and pretty necklace. The filigree work is well done. The chain is pretty flimsy though. <end>  shiney  Okay, I bought this as a gift for my sister. It is a lot smaller than I thought by looking at the picture online. It is however still very beautiful. Very shiney. Looks good with just about anything nice you may have on. <end>  Picture and product not the same  Looks ok not that shiny did not live up to expectations. If you expect this necklace to be sparking then don't buy. <end>  Sparkly!!!  This was a birthday present from my boyfriend. I did have it on my wish list so that worked out just fine! And to see it in person I was definitely very happy! It's so dainty and can be worn with practically anything with a low cut shirt! The only thing I would change is the chain, it is very fragile looking, I'm a 5'9 girl and am not very "delicate" so it worries me I'll break it. And the chain rips those little baby hairs out every so often to remind me it's still on my neck. But I still wear it every day!!! <end>  Not as bright as it looks  Doesn't shine like it looks like in the online pic, but my fiancee loves it so I can't really complain =) <end>  R U Kidding .... Betty JAXNC  This was a total waste of money, it's a real cheapo like something out of a cracker jack box. <end>
 B000AXTNL4  14k Yellow Gold Dangling Heart-Shaped Amethyst Earrings ||	  Earrings  Nice earrings. A little smaller than I thought, but they are very pretty once you have them on. <end>
 B000AXWVA4  14k Yellow Gold Amethyst Drop Earrings ||	  Defective and Shoddy Merchandise  [...]I ordered these earrings as a Christmas present for my wife. About two months after the order, the stone for one of the earrings broke into two pieces. There is a hole drilled into each amethyst stone through which a support is threaded to hold the earrings. It is along this hole that the stone cracked. It was the second time my wife had worn them.[...] <end>
 B000AXY4HW  Master Replicas Pirates of the Caribbean Replica Coin Necklace ||	  Cool piece  Good buy looks exactly like the one from the movie and I've been Getting non stop compliments on it! the cord is cloth which I couldn't tell from the picture ( i hought it was twine ) but it looks good on. <end>
 B000AXYEA4  14k Yellow Gold Citrine Dangle Earrings ||	  Elegance in Simplicity  These earrings were purchased because they matched a ring of the same stone. They are light, well-made, simple, and elegant. I have had many compliments on them. So, it goes to show you that more is not always more! <end>
 B000AXYEAO  14k Yellow Gold Amethyst Dangle Earrings ||	  Perfect for casual attire  These earrings are reasonable quality for the price, and they're a great size. They're big enough that you can actually see the stones, but they're not ostentatious. I wear them all the time with casual outfits, and I love them.Here's a tip  Keep an eye on Amazon's Gold Box page. I've seen them put these earrings on sale in the "Our Best Deals" section several times. I was lucky enough to get them for about $45. I hope you can too. <end>
 B000AY6KRS  Reversible Angel Charm - M1836 ||	  beautiful  This angel charm is beautiful. The detail was lovely and well worth the cost <end>
 B000AZ81OM  Amazon.com  Superman More Powerful Than A Locomotive Wristband Bracelet  Clothing ||	  Super Girl Loved It  I bought this for a granddaughter who is in to all things Superman. She thought it was cool enough to wear straight out the gate! <end>
 B000B0Y3TS  Sterling Silver Pink Mother Of Pearl MOP Shell Inlay Bracelet ||	  Pretty in Pink  Elated is how I felt when I received this bracelet as a gift. Disappointed is how I am with the fact that it's so small. By adding just 1/4 to 1/2 an inch more to this bracelet I could enjoy wearing it so much more. At 7" it's too small to wear comfortably. I'm looking into trying to find a way to add length but haven't found one yet. As for the color and style, they are just what I would want in this type of bracelet...the only thing holding me back from giving it more stars is the size. <end>
 B000B11NXG  Sterling Silver 7.5" Open Heart Link Toggle Bracelet ||	  great bracelet for heart lovers  I put this bracelet on my birthday wish list and my brother bought it for me. I love jewelry with hearts and I had a similar bracelt (it wasn't sterling silver) that had broken. The bracelet is very pretty and shiny when received and although it bears the 925 silver stamp, it feels very light. It feels lighter than it looks. I still love the bracelet.A word of caution to potential buyers. I have 7.5" and 8" bracelets. My 8" bracelets hang too long from my wrist; a tad to large. I requested the 7.5" version of this bracelet and was shocked to see it was so tight on my wrist. I took out a ruler and it measures 7.5". I put it alongside another bracelet that measures 7.5" and they are exactly the same. With the other bracelet, I have comfortable slack. I don't know what the problem is and I am toying with the idea of taking it to a jeweler to have a link added near the toggle.A co-worker suggested that it might be because of the large links. I'm not sure about that but if I had tried this on in a store, I would not have purchased. While I do love the bracelet and have worn it twice after only having it for a week and a half, I am disappointed at the fit. No one's fault as it really does measure 7.5". It's just and observation. <end>
 B000B11NYK  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Armor Ring(Sizes 5,5.5,6,6.5,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  STERLING AMETHYST RING  tHIS RING IS UNIQUE AND GORGEOUS.I BOUGHT IT FOR MYSELF AND AM REALLY PLEASE WITH IT.IT LOOKS BETTER IN PERSON THAN IN THE PICTURE.I HAVE RECEIVED SEVERAL COMPLIMENTS ON IT.THE BAND IS QUITE COMFORTABLE AND NOT TOO THICK.IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HEAVY DUTY RING YOU SHOULDN'T GET THIS RING BECAUSE THIS IS QUITE DELICATE AND FEMININE.IT IS NOT CHEAP IN APPEARANCE AND IS OF GOOD QUALITY.RECOMMENDED. <end>
 B000B12TVG  1.5mm Sterling Silver 22" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Nice!  I bought this chain because it was cheap. Really inexpensive. I thought it would be very thin and cheaply made, but it is very nice! The silver is shiny and beautiful. I bought it to use with a silver spider charm, and this chain glistens like a spider web in the rain. <end>  Love these chains  Price was good, delivery quick, and just the right length. Love these chains, since I have longer hair they do not tangle up when I go to take the chain off AND it doesn't rip the hairs out! <end>
 B000B4MPP8  Sterling Silver Coil Dragon Black On Onyx Ring Size 10(Size 10,11,13) ||	  Greedy Dragon ring  This is a magnificent ring! It is heavy, high quality sterling silver. The dragon is in very detailed high relief with dark interiors and very shiny, highly polished exterior details. The dragon is jealously guarding a polished onyx ball. It is very dynamic and artistic in its design. It wears very well and very smoothly. <end>  Too big!  This was too big even though I have other rings in size 10 that fits me perfectly! Very strange - totally useless to me. Otherwise cool. <end>
 B000B56IIM  Silver Leaf Natural Seed Pearl Bracelet - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  My favorite bracelet.  The bracelet is extraordinary. Unique design, elegant as everything from Dahlia. It is my favorite bracelet. Thank you, Dahlia. <end>
 B000B5KOVE  Drops of Wisdom Cultured Pearl Sterling Silver Chain Necklace - Various Colors ||	  Beautiful!  This necklace is even more beautiful in person than the picture shows. It looks delicate, but is very well made, and the pearls have very clean surfaces with good luster. The color is beautiful, and the way the pearls hang from the chain is very graceful. I love it! <end>
 B000B5MFES  Lavender AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (LS1R2) ||	  Disappointed  My wife liked the Dahlia necklace I got her last year so much, that I ordered her another one this year. Very disappointed! First of all it was shorter than 16 inches, so it didn't fit as I expected. Plus, the color wasn't that impressive. Almost looked white. Needless to say, this will be the last Dahlia Christmas pearl necklace. What a shame  ( <end>
 B000B5MK9I  Lavender AAAA Cultured Pearl Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Stud Earrings (LS1B) ||	  lavender earrings  Nice earrings at great price. Not as round as the white ones, but nice lavender, silvery color. Came in pretty green jewelry pouch. <end>  Very nice pale lavender earrings  I received these earrings as a gift by purchasing and reviewing a more expensive pair of earrings. They are a lovely size and the color match is reasonably close for such an inexpensive pair of earrings. Small and simple enough for every day,they can still add a nice touch to going out for the evening after work. <end>  Lovely lavender  Not too small, not too big. Just right for everyday but pretty enough for dress-up. I forget I have them in. Most earrings bother me if I don't take them out, but these do not. The color is a rich shade of lavender (I held them up next to my pink pearls and these are lavender). But the color is also subtle, which I like. <end>  Lavender Pearl Earrings  These are very lovely pearl earrings. The color looks more pink than lavendar, but can't complain. It's a perfect size. Can be worn dressed up or dressed down. I just love it. <end>  The lavender pearl earrings are gorgeous!  I am not a big pearl lover but I believe that just changed with these lovely lavender pearl studs. I was also truly impressed that the posts had the notches in them so that the earring would not back out. Simple, lovely and can be worn with any type outfit! Stunning. <end>  Perfect Size!  I have three holes on each side of my ears and many times I don't want my ears look "too busy" with all three pairs of earrings. The size of these pearls are perfect. The "button" shape of the pearls makes the earrings not so bulging and the pearls are "shiny." The lavender color on the earrings is darker and more purple than the ones shown online. (I think the lavender ones shown on the pictures are more peach than purple. Maybe it's just my poor eye sight.) The friction post is perfect because the back of the earrings stays on very well. <end>
 B000B5OA6O  White AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (LS1R2) ||	  Excellent gift  I'm blown away by the quality of these pearls. Of course, it's not perfect, and there are minor flaws. The flaws are so minute, you would have to be close and look for them.In my opinion, to get a perfect pearl necklace would require a lot of money. I think the flaws, to a certain extent, give the necklace character. The luster is incredibly high. The uniformity is pretty close to perfect. I think this was an excellent buy. <end>  Just OK  Thr rose clasp was very small and insignificant. The pearls are pretty but the necklace was stiff and needs some working in. The packaging was OK because I bought it for myself, had it been a gift I would have been upset. <end>  Beautiful Pearls  Purchased these for my girlfriend recently, they came in a nice little box. They hang fluidly right out the box, no stretching or breaking in needed. Just like the description says...overall I would say these make a very nice gift. <end>  Absolutely amazing necklace for my wedding  I bought a set for my wife to wear at our wedding. Pearls look stunning, the clip is easy to open and prevents from loosing the necklace. <end>  Pretty  This piece is pretty but it was alittle too tight on the neck for me. I wish I would have looked to see if it was avail. in a longer style. I will look again. Unfortunately i sent it back. <end>  Beautiful Set  This is a beautiful set of pearls. They have a lovely luster and color. The shape of each pearl is not perfect, but it is a great price for the quality. <end>  Good  These are a gift for my mom, just got them yesterday. Looks like a choker pearl necklace, so I'm a bit worried she won't like them. I figured they would hang a bit lower on the neckline. Probably, my fault since I know very little about necklace lengths. I do like the size of pearls though. <end>  Great Pearls for the price  I bought these pearls for my wife to wear on our wedding day. She loved them and they (and her) looked stunning. The pearls are very closely uniformed and half only very mild (only detectable from inches away) blemishes. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that the knotting in the silk was so tight it came out of the box quite kinked. No worries, it straightened right out with a little exercise. All in all a great product! <end>  Perfect Gift  This necklace was a Christmas gift for my daughter-in-law. It is beautiful! Much nicer than more expensive strands I looked at. I couldn't be more thrilled with my purchase! <end>
 B000B5OEYW  Pearl Essence 7-8mm AAAA Drop Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Earrings - Various Pearl Colors ||	  Not as half white as pictured  The picture shows almost - bone white with the pearl luster. But they are not as "half white" - as it looks in the picture. But that does not take away the beauty- lovely looks, perfect shape luster of these pearls. So if your looking for Non white pearls go for these - wont go wrong with these <end>  Perfect!  Beautiful earrings. Pearls are a nice shape, and have very clean surfaces with good luster. The earrings themselves are attached to the pearls very cleanly. The pearls dangle gracefully from the hooks, so the effect when you wear them is subtle and delicate. I love wearing them. I would have expected to have to pay more than this for something this well-made. <end>  Pretty pearl earrings!  The earrings look as they do in the picture. The peach color is nice but subtle, and the pearls match each other well. I really enjoy wearing them with a string of pearls I own that have peach, pink, and cream pearls. <end>  As advertised  This product seems to be good quality so far. As advertised. Did see anything wrong with product. It is also priced reasonably low. <end>  Very pleased  I love pearls. The sizing was perfect for my small frame and square shaped facial features.The quality was excellent. The color I purchased was lavender. It has a nice silver hue, perfect for those with cool skin tones. <end>  Very nice to have  Very nice earrings and go with everything. The price was also right, although I waited for them to be on sale. <end>  Very pretty  I don't normally review jewelry, but I am so pleased with these I wanted to post this.I like pearl earrings because you can wear them with anything, and they are so simple and pretty. I have had several pair of nice pearl earrings but it seems like I am always losing one when the stud comes out while I am wearing them. So I thought I would get these earrings and I am so glad that I did. Not only are they very very pretty (much better than I thought they'd be for the price), they are also drop earrings and they lay perfectly on my ear without fear that I will lose one.Highly recommended. The color is beautiful and the pearl is of a substantial size. Truly simple but elegant. <end>  Simple elegance.  Simple elegance is the word for these earrings. They can be worn with jeans or dressy outfits.You can never go wrong with a good set of pearls. Great price too. <end>  Very please witht his purchase  Purchased for my niece who will be getting married this summer. She loved them. They hang very well from the earlobe. <end>  Very casual  These are good for everyday wear, but not at all dressy despite being pearls. On the picture the silver looks all soft and bright, but in real life it looks a little more like stainless steel. The hooks are wide and I have already lost and found them once. Probably would not buy again, would rather have something a bit dressier that can go both casual and dress up. <end>  Post earrings are hard for me to use. I was so happy to find pretty pearl earrings with the loop back!  Because of illness, I have no feeling in my fingers, making post earrings difficult. I have been looking for this type of pearl earring that are pretty and not cheap looking. These fit the bill exactly! They are very easy to put in and stay in. The pearl looks so pretty with the silver.I love this pair of earrings! <end>
 B000B5OF0U  Silver Deco Rose Drop Cultured Pearl Sterling Silver Earrings - Various Pearl Colors ||	  Prettier from the back than from the front  I ordered these earrings and a couple other pieces from Dahlia to wear with my mother-in-law's pink pearl necklace on my wedding day. When I put them in all the women who were helping me get ready voted they looked better when I put them in backwards so a silver stem was showing versus the detail on the front. So that is how I wore them the day of the wedding. In all the earrings worked well and I would buy from Dahlia again. <end>  Good quality, price  I was very pleased with this item. The color was very good and the detail excellent. It was of very good quality for the price. Delivery was also excellent. <end>  cute rose beads  I like the rose beads the best. Good price for real pearls and silver. <end>
 B000B5QEHC  Drops of Wisdom Cultured Pearl Sterling Silver Chain Necklace - Various Colors ||	  Beautiful!  This necklace is even more beautiful in person than the picture shows. It looks delicate, but is very well made, and the pearls have very clean surfaces with good luster. The color is beautiful, and the way the pearls hang from the chain is very graceful. I love it! <end>
 B000B5QEI6  Lavender AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (LS1R2) ||	  Disappointed  My wife liked the Dahlia necklace I got her last year so much, that I ordered her another one this year. Very disappointed! First of all it was shorter than 16 inches, so it didn't fit as I expected. Plus, the color wasn't that impressive. Almost looked white. Needless to say, this will be the last Dahlia Christmas pearl necklace. What a shame  ( <end>
 B000B5QW1K  Heart Shaped Pewter Jewelry Box ||	  It is now my favorite jewelry box  I ordered this jewelry box on the 21st, along with a couple other items, they just arrived earlier today, on the 24th. I'm perfectly satisfied with my purchase.The detailing on the exterior of the box is lovely. The little heart on the center of the lid and the hinge at the back are lacquered, which makes it look shiny and better than what you see here on this picture. The inside is entirely lined with black velvet. The box is sturdy, well made, and as mentioned by other reviewers, is of a nice weight. You can fit a few necklaces and rings in it, although it's definitely not big enough for a bangle bracelet. The box itself is a nice decoration piece. And the price is great. I love it! <end>  Beautiful and Well Built  I ordered this box as an anniversary present for my fiance. It's a very beautiful heart shaped box, with ornate carvings. As pretty as it is, it's also very well made, sturdy, and you can be certain it won't break easily. Very great gift for the love of your life. <end>  Nice box  Got this for my wife for Valentine's. It is well built and not cheap looking at all. She loved it!!! <end>  Heart Shaped Box  Got this little box as a gift for a new Nirvana fan -- funny how I grew up with that music, and they are still gaining fans 15 years after they're gone.It's very well made, lined in blue velvet and a very nice weight. As the other reveiwer said, its very well made. <end>  Great Containment!  It's a pewter heart-shaped box - what more do you need to know?Well, for starters, you're going to want to know that this is a well-made heart-shaped box. It's solid and has a nice heft. The hinge is strong and the design and finish are even finer than the product picture shows.F.Y.I.  Pewter is the traditional tenth anniversary gift and this is ideal for placing a smaller gift inside, say diamonds or pearls. <end>  Fine Jewelry Box  I bought this beautiful jewelry box as a gift for a friend and she loved it. The craftmanship is excellent & the materials used are of high quality. This was an excellent value at $20. <end>
 B000B607UQ  Sterling Silver Teardrop Multi Faceted Clear AB Crystal 1 inch Long Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Twinkle Twinkle  D  I bought it because i have dangles that go great together. I love how the pendant twinkles in all sorts of different colors. The detail work is great too.Thank you! I'll buy again.  D <end>
 B000B67MA4  Shiny droplets shimmer from a delicate tiered frame (UBE-223) ||	  review of errings  The product was just as advertised. My only complaint is the finish is rubbing off where it goes in my ear. <end>
 B000B69P04  Sterling Silver Double Oval Drop Earrings ||	  sterling silver double oval earrings  These came in great condition and with a nice box to store them in! They are very pretty, but if you don't like heavy earrings these won't be for you! <end>  Double oval design complements most face types.  This design complements most face types as big round rings can make a round face look bigger and broader. The finish is polished silver, and not the burnished finish you see in the pictures. The earnings are about 2.5 inches long and solid, not the usual feather weight silver hoops so they might feel heavy if you wear them all day. They clink slightly as you move around. Overall a great purchase, especially at the 50% off special in the gold box. <end>  Excellent transaction  The product arrived quickly and without a hitch. I really liked the earrings when I saw them. They were better than expected. I'm very pleased. Thank you. <end>  More beautiful in person  I am thoroughly satisfied with my purchase - the earrings were more beautiful than I expected - I will definitely purchase jewelry from Amazon in the future!!! <end>  Nice  I really ordered these to complete the set because I previously ordered the matching necklace and bracelet. Their nice looking if you like dangling big earrings <end>  Simple and beautiful  These are beautiful earrings. The are very simple and sort of mod. I've gotten lots of compliments on them. Originally purchased them as a gift but liked them too much to give away. <end>
 B000B69T32  SCER033 Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Drop Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements Blue Faux Pearl and Crystal ||	  Authentic Look ~ Amazing Price!  The moment I saw these earrings, I knew they were mine -- just what I had been looking for, in fact! I bought both the blue and the pink, and am even happier with how they look when they're on! Beautiful, great craftsmanship, quality materials, light-weight, secure clasp, and genuine ingenuity make these perfect for yourself, or as a gift! Thank You! <end>  Beautiful~  Absolutely beautiful pair of earrings! The pearls are much larger than I aniticipated, and they have a very classy look. I wore them with a sweater and skirt, and they were just what I needed to top off the outfit. <end>  comment on earrings.  I just wanted to comment on the earrings themselves. They are very beautiful earrings and I would recommend them to anyone. They are a perfectly beautiful shade of blue and are well made. I hope to be able to find a necklace to go with them that is as beautiful as the earrings are. I purchased the earrings from Amazon at a very good price for the item. The earrings come in several different colors and they are all beautiful. <end>  Delicate and Feminine  I love these earrings, they go great with my dressy outfits and the color is such a beautiful shade of baby blue. <end>  Amazing!  Really a bit stunned with these earrings. They are more beautiful than pictured and very expensive-looking. Nothing chintzy here. Great buy for the money. Elegant style and true color. Strong leverbacks. And Gem Avenue is a great seller. Thanks again, Gem Avenue. <end>  Elegant Earrings  I've received several compliments on these earrings. They go well with evening wear as well as casual outfits - really versatile. The leverback makes they really comfortable. <end>  Nice quality for the price  Nicely made and can be worn with a dressy or casual outfit. Add a bit of glam to any outfit. <end>  gorgeous, wow  i absolutely love this earring, the real item is same as in picture, very very beautiful, the blue will brighten your face <end>  Very nice  Very nice and classy. They fit right in with casual or formal wear. I have received a lot of compliments when I wear them. The many different colors are nice options. <end>  Too cute.  These are really cute. I am going to look for other colors. Beware that if you have large stretched out earlobes that these may not work for you because the wires are fairly small. Also, the color of the blue is much lighter than the color shown. They are more of a light baby blue color. Still pretty, but I like that rich blue shown and would rather have had that color. However, these are still a keeper. <end>  Good item--poor mailing  I sent this as a gift but they did not included note. So the recipient did not know it was from me! <end>  BEAUTIFUL!  These earrings are gorgeous - absolutely stunning!!! I was not certain if I would like these earrings when I ordered them, because some times looks can be deceiving when purchasing items online. Needless to say, I was extremeley pleased when the earrings I arrived! <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These are very beautiful earrings. They are probably for use in a formal/party atmosphere. I may not want to wear them to work as they are very shiney and may not work in a business atmosphere. But I will definitely wear them when I want to feel and look pretty! <end>  Perfect!!!  I bought these for my aunts birthday, and she loved them!Makes a perfect gift, and the different colors are great. <end>  Very Nice  I was suprised that these earrings look as nice as they do in the picture. Good quality. I bought a second pair in a different color. <end>  Just as beautiful in person.  These earrings are just as beautiful in person as they are online. The size portrayed in the listing is accurate. They are just gorgeous. <end>  beautiful and elegant  these are another good pair of earrings - they don't turn my ears green and they're not too heavy. i love the silver &#34;flower-shaped&#34; beads that hold the pearl in place...the only reason i gave it 4 stars was b/c i'm not in love with the tiny blue bead above the pearl... it just detracts somehow (in my humble opinion)but then, honestly, who in the HECK is looking at that tiny bead??? come on! you're moving, talking, getting coffee... who's looking at the little bead!!!great earrings - i would buy from Gem Avenue again. <end>  Pretty little things  Really like the clasp, always losing the other type unless they screw on. Great for the price and durable too. <end>  No complaints  I got these as a christmas gift on a budget. The person I gave it to loved it and had no complaints so I don't either. <end>  Earrings  Great quality and nice size earrings.i am very pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend them to anyone interested. <end>  Beautiful!  These earrings are even more beautiful in person! I love the blue color, its more of a baby blue color. Its absolutely beautiful, they look beautiful on and it completes any set and brings out my eyes! And my eyes are brown! <end>  Beautiful little earrings  I bought these for my lovely wife and she adores them. Nice blue color, nice sparkle. Well constructed. Worth every penny. <end>  Beautiful  These look like rare and precious blue pearls. Just gorgeous, so glad I found them online.Color perfectly matched what was on the website- just exactly what I needed to match a dress for an event. <end>  Very pretty!  I was not sure of how these earrings would look when I saw them online but the good reviews pushed me to order them.I must say I am very impressed by the color and the elegance of these earrings for the price I gave.I received so many compliments at work for them, I am very happy with the purchase.Adi <end>  beautifull  i wear them all the time very nice good color goes with everything i will buy more in the future from themthank you ruthi <end>  Beautiful Ear Rings  The Ear Rings have the perfect name Beautiful Blue Pearl. Everything about these ear rings is perfect, size and beauty. <end>  earrings  The earrings are beautiful. They look just like the picture. They arrived very quickly and I love them. Would use this company again with no question. <end>  Great inexpensive jewelry  I bought this jewelry for my girlfriend for Christmas. I was kind of skeptical at first, but when I got them in the mail they were amazing and I knew right then that my girlfriend would love them. Christmas came around and sure enough she really loved them. She wore them all the time. She doesn't normally wear the leverback earrings, but said these really were comfortable.....in closing this review I ask myself would I by jewelry from these sellers again? Absolutely!!! <end>  SCER033 Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5&#34; Drop Earrings  They looked better in the picture. I wouldn't buy anything from these guys again as I can't tell from the picture what it looks like. <end>  Very nice inexpensive gift  I got these as a Christmas gift for a friend. This is a very nice buy. They are very pretty and dainty looking. They are light to wear. The blue pearl and the tiny crystals make a very looking nice gift. They are inexpensive but do not look inexpensive. <end>
 B000B6QKES  14k White Gold, 3-stone, Diamond Bypass Bangle Bracelet (1/2 cttw, I Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  beautiful bangle bracelet  This is a beautiful bangle, I love it the diamonds are very white and shine, and the bangle is very solid and strong, thanks God I bought it for less money. <end>  Very nice bypass bracelet  Beautiful bracelet, just wished they sent a card validating the stones.Just be careful when receiving it. Amazon in all its wisdom sent it via USPS without signature confirmation and the box was sitting outside my porch.If you have big wrists I do not recommend this. Your wrists should not be larger than 5.5 inches.The stones are beautiful but I haven't the time to get it examined. The bypass bangle design is also beautiful but the bangle quality seemed to be much lower than the stones.Honestly, i thought it was a little pricey.......but it's half a carat....I'm not great with prices regarding jewelry. <end>  WOW!!  I was skeptical about ordering this bracelet, but once it arrived I was thrilled!! The bracelet is beautiful; the diamonds are large compared with other 3 stone bracelets I've seen and "eye clean". The thickness of the gold (10 grams) is just right!! Plus I saved at least 33% compared with prices at the large jewelry chains!! Buy this bangle. You will love it!! <end>
 B000B6RYNE  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Nice Chain.  Nice width, weight, and size. Have been wearing this since it arrived a few months ago and it doesn't irritate my skin or turn colors. Very Nice. <end>  18" Silver Curb 5.5mm Chain  Excellent time of delivery. The chain is well made,very good craftsmanship, and looks great. One (1) big problem. Chain was barely 17"s long and was more of a choker than a necklace. In the future will get 20" chain. Can make smaller but not larger. <end>  Not reall y 5.5 width.  It wasn 5.5mm in width but the seller told me that it may be so with all of Sabrinas necklaces.Also It says 22" in length but thats also counting the lobster claw and hooks. <end>  Nice Bracelet  This was a nice product although I had to return it as it was too big. I decided on a 7" "diamond cut" silver bracelet from Sabrina Silver and was very pleased with the whole transaction. <end>
 B000B6S10E  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 6 mm Blue Topaz Color 2 1/2 cttw ||	  Blue Topaz CZ  I purchased these for my wedding part as part of the gift, I just needed a little something extra and there worked great, I know the girls will love them and wear them again and again. <end>  Very nice product - accurate descriptions  This vendor was great to work with. They shipped the items to me within a couple of days. The earrings are very pretty and sparkly. Size is accurate although setting seems a little flimsy, but given the price, I didn't expect a ton of silver. I think they are a great deal for the money and would order from them again. <end>  Better than real  More sparkles than my real topaz, and the color is perfect - and a heck of a lot cheaper! Great look for a great price. <end>  Mismatched colors  I just received these, and while they were fine quality for the price, the colors of the two stones were completely different. Very obviously mismatched. But I dont know if I will return them, since they are so cheap. Might not be worth the cost of shipping. <end>  Jewellery  As usual this merchant has excelled with their products,delivery and quality of service.Because of this I shall continue to shop with them whenever I am in need of good quality merchandise at the right price.Bill Breen <end>  Never again  I bought these along with several other pair from the same place. All of which fell apart within minutes of wearing them. The stones fell out of at least one earring of each pair. Seriously? Four pair of earrings and they all lost stones? I was sucked in by the low price for sterling silver and I got stuck with what I paid for. While the company was willing to refund or replace the item with no issues, I would never buy anything from this place again. I could accept one pair falling apart. Things happen. However all 4 pair falling apart doesn't say much for the quality of their items. I've bought silver from several other places with no issues in the quality department. If you choose to purchase these, I suggest you check the prongs and the stones to see if they are loose and try to crimp the prongs to retain the stones. <end>  Nice  These are beautiful. Color is great and I'm hoping my husband will buy me a matching necklace for my birthday  ) <end>  Blue Topaz Earrings  I love these earrings. I bought them as a stocking stuffer for myself. The picture does not do them justice. They sparkle and look absolutely beautiful. The seller sent them quickly and the transaction went well. <end>  Gorgeous  I love these they are just as described only maybe a bit pale but pretty <end>  You'll love them - You have nothing to lose, but everything to gain.  K. Brock inspired me to buy these. She said ..." More sparkles than my real topaz, and the color is perfect - and a heck of a lot cheaper! Great look for a great price. "That is absolutely true, so what more can I say ? ~lol <end>  beautiful  These are very beautiful earings. My mom loves them and they set off her Sunday's best church dress beautifully! Now I have to buy myself a pair since she won't lend me hers. <end>
 B000B6TSNI  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 10.7mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  VERY NICE!  I was hesitant on buying an expensive piece like this online, before actually seeing it. Nothing to be worried about here! Very nice and very well priced .925 Italian made sterling silver chain! If you have an issue with finding jewelry like this that is authentic at local stores around your area, I highly recommend buying from Sabrina Silver.Only downside to this product is the box it came in. They say It's a box that looks nice enough to use as a gift box. But all it is is a little metallic cardboard box. So if this is a gift for someone, I would consider buying a necklace gift box along with your purchase.Other than that, the shipping was very fast! Arrived before expected delivery date.GREAT BUY!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!Sterling Silver 7/16 in. (10.7 mm) Extra Large Curb Link Chain Necklace, NICKEL FREE, 30 in. <end>
 B000B6TTNW  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 7 mm Triangle Shape Ruby Red Colored 2 1/4 cttw ||	  nice  large enough to see, but not over sized. color is very good. I am happy with this purchase <end>
 B000B6TTOG  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 6 mm Ruby Red Color 2 1/2 cttw ||	  Really pretty  These are really pretty - but I was a little disappointed because they aren't as "red" as I'd hoped. They are more of a dark pink color - and I can't wear them with anything red. The stone really is beautiful though! <end>  very nice  I love these! The color is great, but I'm prejudiced, as I'm a big fan of red.They are a nice size, and I wear them either in my 2nd ear peircing or the main peircing. <end>  The Kobayashi Report  I think these earrings were at a pretty nice for how much they were at. Though I didn't buy them for myself. But either way they looked really nice. <end>  you get what you pay for  I bought these intending to get RED 6mm earrings. What I recieved were two very light red (or what most would call PINK) earrings and, to be quite frank, they suck. While I was cleaning the new earrings in the alcohol wash, one of the CZ diamonds FELL right out of its prongs. I had to manualy put the CZ back in, and I doubt it will remain there if I were to wear them. I would highly recommend against buying this product. I am posting this on all of the colors which I was unwise enough to buy in hopes that people will avoid this product. <end>  Pretty in Pink  These earrings look much better in person than in the picture. They are a deep pink color, which i was looking for, and i am absolutely in love with the square cut of them! They definitely look pricer than most CZ earrings.The only negative thing i have to say is that the earring backs are very very tiny, and could be easily dropped/lost--so watch out! <end>  great earrings for a great price  These are so comfortable, I forget that I am wearing them. People compliment me when I wear these. My 17 year old daughter loves to borrow them. <end>
 B000B6VVBK  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 6 mm Sapphire Blue Color 2 1/2 cttw ||	  Earrings  I have worn these earrings several times and I've been pleased with my purchase. They are a bit darker in real life than they appear in the photo. <end>  Brilliant Blue  Just think, two sets of beautiful blue earrings for this small price! The CZ's in these earrings are gorgeous. They are mounted in sterling silver snaptite mounts, which I find perfectly secure for this shape stone. Lots of sparkle! A great addition to any wardrobe for a very reasonable price. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I have ordered many items from Sabrina Silver, and ALWAYS been pleased with my purchase. They are good quality, and beautiful pieces at a great price!! <end>  flimsy  already lost the stone out of one due to the setting moving each time I put them in or take them out. consider a heavier setting with thicker prongs. <end>  Great!  They are great for the price you pay... but they're larger than I expected and I couldn't wear them in the piercing I wanted (I have 3 in each ear). But I will wear them for special occassions! They have great colour!! <end>  you get what you pay for  I bought these intending to get RED 6mm earrings. What I recieved were two very light red (or what most would call PINK) earrings and, to be quite frank, they suck. While I was cleaning the new earrings in the alcohol wash, one of the CZ diamonds FELL right out of its prongs. I had to manualy put the CZ back in, and I doubt it will remain there if I were to wear them. I would highly recommend against buying this product. I am posting this on all of the colors which I was unwise enough to buy in hopes that people will avoid this product. <end>
 B000B6X1FE  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Nice Chain.  Nice width, weight, and size. Have been wearing this since it arrived a few months ago and it doesn't irritate my skin or turn colors. Very Nice. <end>  18" Silver Curb 5.5mm Chain  Excellent time of delivery. The chain is well made,very good craftsmanship, and looks great. One (1) big problem. Chain was barely 17"s long and was more of a choker than a necklace. In the future will get 20" chain. Can make smaller but not larger. <end>  Not reall y 5.5 width.  It wasn 5.5mm in width but the seller told me that it may be so with all of Sabrinas necklaces.Also It says 22" in length but thats also counting the lobster claw and hooks. <end>  Nice Bracelet  This was a nice product although I had to return it as it was too big. I decided on a 7" "diamond cut" silver bracelet from Sabrina Silver and was very pleased with the whole transaction. <end>
 B000B6X1HM  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 8mm Medium Heavy Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  I love this bracelet  I love this bracelet. It is very sexy. I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend. Came quickly, looked even better than in the picture. He has worn this for a year (without taking it off once) and it still looks just as good. No tarnish, no breaks, no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27, 2012~My man has been wearing this for almost three years now. Very masculine and sexy, excellent quality. He says that is is very comfortable as well.(It doesn't pull the hair on his arm) The style for this is sexy and sophisticated, it doesn't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy. Nice weight and durable as well. This looks 10x better on than in the picture. <end>
 B000B6X1IQ  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Link Chain  Once again the product received was better that expected. This merchant is great and this is my third purchase from them. I highly recomend this merchant to anyone. <end>  He looks stunning in it!  Ok! So here goes my first review and on jewelry. This was a gift along with the matching necklace for my boyfriend who tried on the same product at a farmer's market recently... this is stunning. I had to return it only because I miscalculated his wrist size. 9 is average I believe, nevertheless it was a nice weight without looking pimpish but enough 'pop' to notice a nice piece. LOVE it on him my only regret is why I never treat myself to such nice pieces. HA. Thanks, I will be back. <end>  Highly recommended  The chain was exactly what I was looking for. Excellent quality. I would shop from this seller again. <end>  Great buy  I bought this bracelet as a gift for my son, he really loved it. <end>
 B000B76ZX8  Fleur-de-lis Ruby Silver Natural Seed Pearl Pendant w. White Double Strand Cultured Pearl Chain - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  Beautiful necklace  Prettier than in picture! Very lovely, good quality and looks great on- my sister wore it as my maid of honor w/ a red dress at my wedding and it was perfect! I am very happy w/ this product. <end>
 B000B7CA3C  Etched Locket Silver Natural Seed Pearl Pendant w. Lavender Double Strand Cultured Pearl Chain - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  Exquisite  This a a gorgeous locket. The craftmanship is superb and the details on the front and back are intricately beautiful. It is a perfect match for the posion silver locket natural seed pearl ring. I love it! <end>  Beautiful....  The etched locket was really worth every penny spent. It looks amazing on her, it shines and makes a subtle statement. Great quality, unusual and just a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Just what she wanted  My fianc&eacute; was looking for wedding jewelry and this piece caught her eye but it was out of her budget so I was sneaky and bought it for her and it was exactly what she wanted and IT LOOKS MUCH NICER IN PERSON! The locket mechanism is also very sturdy yet easy to operate if you were curious and then chain adapts to any desired wear length. <end>
 B000B7ZPRA  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings Handmade High Polished, 1 1/4" Long ||	  Love these!  I was a little hesitant to get these, because in the description, they made a point of calling them 'hollow'...but I gotta say, hollow or not, these are really well made earrings! Good and solid, not feather-light as 'hollow' conjures, but solid feeling. I love them! Just as pictured, a little longer than most I wear, but definitely not too long. Clasp is solid, too.Highly recommended! <end>
 B000B874DC  Red Three-Stone Garnet and Sterling Silver Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Stone fell out  the first day I wore this ring, one of the stones fell out. The day it fell out I was typing on the computer. Did not even know it came out till later. Did not find the stone. Would not recomend this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring, great price.  This is a really beautiful ring, I love the unusual setting and I've received many compliments on it. I had previously purchased the same ring with the amethysts and after a few months one of the side stones fell out. This was not too surprising to me considering the price I paid for it. I decided to order another but with Garnets this time. Three days after receiving the ring the side stone fell out. I e-mailed Silver Insanity and they gave me a speedy response and sent me a replacement ring. It's been about a week now and the stone is still in place. Overall I think its a beautiful ring for the price and their customer service is excellent. <end>  Nice ring  I like this ring and it arrived quickly and fits perfectly. However, some of the silver area around the stones has some kind of black residue on it. I tried cleaning it with silver polish cleaner but it would not remove it. This makes me wonder about the quality of the metal. <end>  Excellent Condition  Service was great, ring is beautiful and of good quality, it was set promptly. <end>
 B000B8IK7G  Sterling Silver Elegant Sparkling Clear Crystal Hook Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very pretty earrings  This swarovski cluster earrings are very beautiful. I like them for formal wear because they are dainty looking and can go well with a similar necklace without being 'too-much'. They are also suitable for the 'executive look'. <end>  Very pretty and dainty  These are very pretty and dainty. I bought them for my 10 year old sister, and they're the perfect length and weight for her ears. <end>
 B000B8MVQC  Sterling Silver Teardrop Shaped Vitrail Light Crystal 1.5 inch Long Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Wow...absolutely love the pendant!!  Its a truly very beautiful pendant. I'm very fond of Swarovski Crystal I love the different colors portraited inside the pendant. Very lovely and stunning. I purchase a sparkling necklace to go with the pendant. I wear it often and very happy with the item. The delivery service was quick and packaging was excellent. Thank you so much!! <end>  Love the Color  I love the deep color of the pendant - I wish I bought a couple for my nieces <end>  Crystal pendant  I purchased theSterling Silver Multi Faceted Swarovski Crystal Pendant]and[[ASIN B0008JHBKU Sterling Silver Swarovski Crystal New Tear Drop Pendantboth of which look beautiful with theSterling Silver 1.00mm Cable Chain Necklace (Available in Different Sizes)I was very pleased with both pendants as they catch the light beautifully. I found no flaws in either one of the crystals and was very pleased with the quality. I would definately recommend either pendant for wear with various tops , dresses, and sweaters. <end>  Stunning!  This pendant is definitely worth the money! The way the facets shine in the sunlight is so beautiful!Great piece of jewelry. <end>  Vitrail  I have several Vitrail items from Gem Avenue and each piece is so unique they have a way of picking up the light and colors. I always get compliments when I wear them. Gem Avenue is great! <end>  My favorite!  I got this one and the blue and purple and gave my wife and daughter 1st choice, 3rd going to her aunt but they all share the 3 and trade off! Fine by me, long as they are happy!Sunlight makes them all sparkle but I think I like this one the best for its multicolor. <end>  I receive more complements on this pendant than I've received on any other piece of jewelry!! It's beautiful!  I received this pendant as a Valentine's day gift from my husband, along with the 18" sterling silver snake chain offered by the same merchant (the chain is absolutely beautiful as well and goes perfectly with this pendant!) Odd as it may be, I have a 2.5 karat wedding ring on and I get more compliments on this pendant! I'm not trying to sound snobby with that comparison, it just blows me away that the pendant is what people always notice! When I wear it, which is quite often, I ALWAYS receive compliments on it, I actually had someone notice it from across the room and walk over just to tell me how beautiful it was! It is an excellent size to wear with just about anything and can be worn with a very formal outfit or just with a normal everyday outfit. My favorite color is purple which is why I was drawn to this particular pendant. After having owned it for a few months now, I have come find that you don't only have to wear it with things that purple coordinates with. It is extremely versatile because though it looks purple, it will actually pick up and reflect the color of almost anything you are wearing! So I've ended up wearing with blue, pink, and green and it matches perfectly. It is indescribably sparkly too! It will reflect light everywhere which makes it even more stunning. I have found crystal pendants elsewhere that resemble this one however they never have the same sparkle and the quality is always far below this one. The back has a silver overlay which is why it is so vibrant and adds to the high quality look it provides. Although I originally thought the price was a little steep for a pendant like this, when you see it in person you will quickly realize that it appears to be much more expensive than it looks! As stated earlier, I wear this pendant often, at least 1-2 times per week and have yet to have any discoloration or need to polish the silver backing or loop hook at the top. The loop by which you attach it to your chain is a good size so it can fit over the clasp on a variety of chains, I have run into a problem with overly small openings on a lot of pendants I've bought which really limits your choice in chains and becomes a pain. All in all I would more than recommend this item to anyone! Buy it for yourself, buy it as a gift...just buy it...I guarantee you won't regret it once it's around your neck and you shine everywhere you go! <end>  different than I thought  The pendant is really cute, but has a silver skin back to increase the brightness. The swarovski's jewelry what I see in stores do not have this device. <end>  Love the sparkle  It's got beautiful sparkle and is a great piece. It does have a silver back to increase brightness, if its something that you don't or will bother you like you might want to look elsewhere for a different piece of jewelry without the backing. For the price it's a great piece that doesn't look cheap. I'm going to purchase the darker blue version to go with this one. <end>  Teardrop Crystal  Very Pretty Colors in this pendant. It is just the right length. I have the earrings to match and they are the same size as pendant..would have liked the earrings to be a little smaller than pendant. <end>  Lovely pendant  This is a beautiful pendant, especially considering the very reasonable price. I bought it for someone else but ended up keeping it for myself because it was so beautiful! Wore it to an evening event and it was the perfect finishing touch. Very sparkly! <end>  Attention-getter  Every bit as gorgeous as shown. If you want to attract attention, this glittering pendant will do that. <end>  Gorgeous, yes - expensive, no!  This little pendant goes with anything and besides being inexpensively priced it is beautifully crafted and perfectly proportioned. It is large enough to be appropriate for an adult and still delicate. Gem Avenue scores yet again. Call me a very satisfied customer. <end>
 B000B8URMC  Sterling Silver Italian Tubular Mesh Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 20 inch ||	  Think about it  This bracelet looks super. Also a bit different than your typical rope or link chain. Fun. I did not keep it because it runs small. It is not a true 8" bracelet for two reasons  first, it only measures about 7.5 inches and second the lovely mesh is thick so it takes-up some length just because of the style. So, if you like a 7.0 or 7.5" bracelet then this may well work for you. Enjoy! <end>
 B000B8US1M  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.6mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great necklace, nice sized links  This is a really nice necklace. Solid, big enough to be noticed, but not gaudy. Ordered two more for friends (months ago when silver was cheaper). <end>  Thrilled with this bracelet!  This bracelet is beautiful and the silver is very bright. In person it looks just like it does on line. It is sized accurately. It looks good by itself or with other bracelets. I would definitely order from this vendor again. It reached NJ from California in 3 days! <end>  Good Quality, Fast Service  I have several of these chains from this vendor; all are top quality and reasonably priced. <end>  Good overall service and quality  I loved everything about the chain that I bought. Delivery was speedy and everything arrived in excellent condition. Chain has a smooth feel and also a weighty feel so it feels ANYTHING but cheap. Great overall service! THANKS AGAIN! <end>
 B000B8UT02  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not as described  Received this figaro chain quickly but it wasn't as described in sellers listing. Stated it had a lobster clasp, which was important to me. Came with a spring clasp. Passed over several other less expensive chains for that reason. Although the chain is nice; it's a dissapointment to me. <end>  Fiagaro Creation At Its Best  The nickel-free, sterling fiagaro chain was indeed in superb craftmanship. Light as a feather yet beautiful as a diamond. italian Fiagaro shows enough beauty when wored. It looks unique and expensive but to get these in store would cost from $39 - 113.00 depending the size length. It would been better if they had them here. Overall, beautiful and priceless! <end>  fine and delicate  very nice and delicate our daughter loved it for christmas shiny <end>
 B000B8UT8O  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.8mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Figaro Necklace  I felt that the description of this item was sadly misunderstood. The necklace itself is very pretty, but it look very fragile, its width is small, and the necklace is shiny. I enjoyed it as a female necklace, but hte purchase was for my boyfriend... it doesn't look masculene..it looks feminine. <end>  Not fragile!  After reading the other review of this item, I felt I had to set the record straight. I bought this chain to use with a pendant my husband bought me while on vacation in Mexico. The pendant is not small, and I needed a substantial chain. This chain is perfect! <end>
 B000B8UTDO  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  perfect gift  I was skeptical of buying sterling silver online without viewing the item first. Much to my surprise the Figaro Chain was beautifully crafted, shiny and more than I expected. I would purchase from Sabrina Silver again. The quality of the item was extremely worth the price. If you are looking for good quality silver, they are the place to shop.Mary Del Signore, Cranston RI <end>
 B000B8WFHW  Sterling Silver Italian Tubular Mesh Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 20 inch ||	  very pleased  this chain is beautiful and made a perfect addition to a silver pendant for my wife for our anniversary. Could not be happier! <end>  Impressive!  I was very impressed with the quality of this flexible mesh chain. I received it as promised and would definitely purchase from them again. <end>
 B000B8WFU4  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.1mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  30" Sterling Silver Baby Flat Mariner Necklace  This necklace exceeded my expectations for an on-line purchase. It is a beautiful silver necklace and is great for an every day wear. <end>  Simply beautiful  I initially was drawn to this item because the length is a little unusual - 9.5 inches - most anklets are 9 (a tad too snug) or 10 inches (a lot too loose). I also liked that it is nickel-free because I have a nickel allergy. I also liked that it is thin and flat. So it met all of my basic requirements and then some right off the bat. The best part is that it is more beautiful and shiny "in person" than it shows in the photograph - it is really beautiful. I have worn anklets for many years and this is my new favorite. I am thinking of ordering another 1-2 because I tend to lose them... You can't go wrong with this choice. <end>
 B000B8WFVI  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.7mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  It Shines!  The price was the greatest, of course! On Amazon. And the size and whight as well. She really dig's the look and rich luster of the silver. <end>
 B000B8WGSA  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not as described  Received this figaro chain quickly but it wasn't as described in sellers listing. Stated it had a lobster clasp, which was important to me. Came with a spring clasp. Passed over several other less expensive chains for that reason. Although the chain is nice; it's a dissapointment to me. <end>  Fiagaro Creation At Its Best  The nickel-free, sterling fiagaro chain was indeed in superb craftmanship. Light as a feather yet beautiful as a diamond. italian Fiagaro shows enough beauty when wored. It looks unique and expensive but to get these in store would cost from $39 - 113.00 depending the size length. It would been better if they had them here. Overall, beautiful and priceless! <end>  fine and delicate  very nice and delicate our daughter loved it for christmas shiny <end>
 B000B8WGUI  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Beveled Edge Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  company NOT good to deal with  I ordered 3 items. This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling......so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Love it!  My wife asked for this for her birthday (8/2010). Here is her review This chain is very nice, especially for the price and length and being nickel-free. I LOVE IT!!! It is a feminine thickness, delicate looking, yet sturdy.Unfortunately, the two pendants (filigree heart locket & marscarite watch) I had planned to switch off wearing with this chain are not this shiny and looked terrible with it due to the different finishes despite all three pieces being sterling silver.I like the 30-inch length for items to hang low and be tucked into a top. The filigree locket is used with essential oils on flannel for "perfume" and body heat helps it float around. The watch needs to be on a long enough chain in order for one to have maneuvering room to lift it and see the time. I ended up buying a stainless steel 30-inch chain that is serving these purposes and it matches the pendants instead of this pretty, delicate, yet strong chain.I've been wearing this chain without a pendant, though, over solid colored tops because it is so pretty and feminine. Eventually I will find the perfect pendant or charm for it. <end>  really good  my stuff came fast and was a good price. the product was also very nice. thank you. <end>  Think I will order more!  Sturdy yet delicate, high polish, have had many complements! . I ordered about 5 braclets from Sabrina Silver,,, Would absolutly order more ! Exceptional quality at very reasonable price.. <end>  love it!  was hesitant about buying jewelry over the web. but with outrageous prices at the mall, i went for it. the necklace is beautiful and perfect for my charms. i would buy again from this vendor in a heartbeat. <end>
 B000B8WLEO  Sterling Silver Oval Rolo Link w/ Round Tag Necklaces and Bracelets, sizes 7, 8 & 18 inch ||	  totally misrepresentation of actual necklace  My necklace just arrived and I feel very angry. It is NOT the same one as listed in the photo at all. The chain is smaaller and thinner than the one advertised, and the toggle hook is much smaller and cheaper looking,as well. This is a huge misrepresentation of what you actually get. For the price, I feel like I've been ripped off.I make a lot of jewelry purchases and this is the first time this has ever happened to me. It is NOT worth the money and not what I was expecting to recieve for what I paid. <end>  totally misrepresentation of actual necklace  My necklace just arrived and I feel very angry. It is NOT the same one as listed in the photo at all. The chain is smaaller and thinner than the one advertised, and the toggle hook is much smaller and cheaper looking,as well. This is a huge misrepresentation of what you actually get. For the price, I feel like I've been ripped off.I make a lot of jewelry purchases and this is the first time this has ever happened to me. It is NOT worth the money and not what I was expecting to recieve for what I paid. <end>
 B000B8YEPI  Rolo Charm Bracelet in Sterling Silver in 9" Length, #11532 ||	  Worth It!  I purchased this bracelet for myself. It's very shiny. Very pleased though. It is worth more than what you pay for it. I plan to add a few charms later, but for now, it is nice enough to wear without. Really pleased. This is a good buy. <end>  Gorgeous bracelet!  I bought this bracelet for myself and I'm extremely pleased with my purchase. The bracelet is much prettier than the picture shows. It has a nice weight to it, not too light and yet not extremely heavy. The links are an excellent size for attaching charms, but the bracelet is attractive enough to wear without charms. I will actually be purchasing a couple more for family members as Christmas gifts. <end>
 B000B8YGLA  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.1mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  30" Sterling Silver Baby Flat Mariner Necklace  This necklace exceeded my expectations for an on-line purchase. It is a beautiful silver necklace and is great for an every day wear. <end>  Simply beautiful  I initially was drawn to this item because the length is a little unusual - 9.5 inches - most anklets are 9 (a tad too snug) or 10 inches (a lot too loose). I also liked that it is nickel-free because I have a nickel allergy. I also liked that it is thin and flat. So it met all of my basic requirements and then some right off the bat. The best part is that it is more beautiful and shiny "in person" than it shows in the photograph - it is really beautiful. I have worn anklets for many years and this is my new favorite. I am thinking of ordering another 1-2 because I tend to lose them... You can't go wrong with this choice. <end>
 B000B8YGMY  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  VERY nice!  Very nice quality, especially at this low price. Husband loved it and thought I'd spent a fortune;) <end>
 B000B8YGO2  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 7.2 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>
 B000B8YHUU  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 8mm Medium Heavy, Nickel Free ||	  nickel free -hard to find  this necklace is great, my son is allergic to the nickel in regular sterling silver. This one looks great and no reaction as promised! Speedy delivery and item as promised. thanks. <end>
 B000B8YHWS  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  perfect gift  I was skeptical of buying sterling silver online without viewing the item first. Much to my surprise the Figaro Chain was beautifully crafted, shiny and more than I expected. I would purchase from Sabrina Silver again. The quality of the item was extremely worth the price. If you are looking for good quality silver, they are the place to shop.Mary Del Signore, Cranston RI <end>
 B000B90LB8  Nickel Free Tarnish Free Sterling Silver Solitaire 8mm Round Shaped Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Polished Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  nice ring  Great quality and beautiful My girlfriend she likes the ring  )The price was very appropriate Thanks Gem Avenue Will re-purchase the products again <end>  Very Beautiful  This ring is very beautiful and i brought it as a temp right hand ring and everywhere i go i get compliment lol i am very pleased and will order again  ) <end>  So-So  I'm not sure why everyone is raving about this. My girlfriend bought this and she was highly disappointed. The metal is very thin and cheap....the stone is also fairly cloudy and it's HIGHLY apparent it's fake. This ring should be priced more like $2.99. <end>  The stone is too big for my taste...  I did not expect the cz to be too big, it is unbelievable for me to wear it everyday. It is so fancy looking that it could be worn as a fun ring for evening cocktails or parties. In my opinion, this ring is so pretentious...I'll give it to my mom who likes to wear fancy rings for fun and parties. <end>  Looks very very fake  I own a 1 ct. real diamond and puchased this ring for fun while my ring was being serviced. This ring is about 2.5- 3 carats. From afar, this ring may look real but it looks very fake close up. The setting is poorly constructed and looks like you'd get it from claire's. The stone is sparkly but the color looks like it is a cubic zirconia. I'm almost too embarrased to wear it because it looks so fake. For those reviewers that stated the ring was "gorgeous" and "looks real", they clearly don't have diamond experience. Maybe I'm a snob, but don't get his ring thinking it'll pass off as real. Think about it like this.... what you pay for is what you get. If you pay $18.99 for a ring, it'll look like an $18.99 ring. <end>  LOVE IT!  This is going to be a quick and to the point review. Goregeous ring and flawless band. Very well made. It is the exact size as shown in the photo and is even prettier in natural light. Clear stone. <end>  LorieL from MD  The ring is beautiful. You dont usually see this sparkle and color with cz. Its the perfect size. Any smaller it wouldnt be worth it. Any larger and it would look fake. Awsome purchase!!! <end>  Very Lovely Ring...  I wear this ring everyday & I constantly get compliments on it! It's very beautiful & a great ring for the price. I'd recommend it to anyone...!! <end>  Loved this item  It looks like a three karat ring. It looks real and I have many CZ's and real stones. (Im a jewelers daughter) Yes, the setting is a little thin but I found that if you pair it with a plain 2-3mm silver band it's perfect. Or a 2mm CZ/Diamond band makes it look stunning.Product was worth the price. <end>  Talk about an inaccurate picture!  The stone was far larger and the band far thinner than depicted. I opened the box and was very disappointed with what I found. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I absolutely loved this ring. The stone was gorgeous and even though the band itself was on the thin side, it was well done. My only reason for not giving it a 5 was that it was a little too big for my taste. It looks a lot bigger than 2ct. to me. I returned it for something a little smaller. If I was comfortable wearing something this size, It would have been perfect. I wish there were real photo posts for ever ring so we could see how it looks on someone's hand. <end>  not realistic but FUN  I wouldn't say this ring looks real but, then again, what do I know... What I can say is that I love this ring. The quality is good and the stone is huge, clear, sparkly and bright! I ordered a size 8 and have to wear it on my index finger but it's so inexpensive, I may order one for my right hand ring finger - maybe I will fool someone yet... I think for the price this is a really fun, well-made ring. Treat yourself! <end>  loose setting  The ring was gorgeous just wish I could of exchanged it instead of having to return it. The setting was loose and the stone wasn't set correctly. <end>  Bling Bling  This is the most beautiful ring I have had the plesure to purchase/wear. I could'nt beleive it when I opened the box...outside...with the sun shining. When the sun hit that ring, it made me feel like a million bucks. <end>  Awesome  This ring is beautiful.It is everything and more.It looks real.I can wear it and not have to worry about losing my Mother's real set.But everyone thinks it's real,more than my Mother's set.So if you are looking for something that will set off your hand,well here it is.The craftmanship is great as well.The stone is set in and will not just fall out.I really love it. <end>  Sparkles like crazy...  This ring is very pretty...it sparkles whether your inside with great lighting or outside, some rings do not have that sparkle outside..this one sparkles where ever. The delivery was very fast. I love this ring and I will purchase again. <end>  Inexpensively adorable  Impressed with how much it looks real. There was a concern that it would look cheap or like costume jewelry but it doesn't. It's brilliant and elegant. <end>  Beautiful!  I love this ring. It fits beautifully and is a great way to accessorize, without spending too much money! I bought this ring so that people would think I was engaged. It's more of a promise ring and it certainly does the trick! <end>  Ring Review  The ring is just as nice as the pictures and we've had a lot of nice comments on it. Although we're not trying to pass it off as "real", everyone thinks it is! <end>  LOOKS REAL!  I ADORE IT! I HAVE A SIZE 5 RING FINGER AND IT LOOKS GREAT ON. THIS RING CAN FOOL YOU THAT IT COULD BE REAL. THE METAL HAS NOT TARNISHED OR TURNED MY FINGER COLORS AND SO I FEEL IT WAS A GOOD BUY. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I purchased this ring in July 2012. I needed to find a replacement until I am ready to resize my real wedding rings. I wear it every day! It has brilliance and fire in the right light. I get compliments on it all the time! (My real ring is 1.75 carats with a platinum band). Does this mean that it can pass for a real diamond by someone who really knows diamonds and is looking at it closely? Of course not. However, everyone who asks is always shocked to find out it is CZ (when I choose to tell them, that is!  -)). This would be great for vacations, too! Or, if you are like me, getting healthy and losing weight, and you just need something in the mean time! <end>  Waste of money  Ok so I wanted a ring that could replace my wedding ring till I could get a new one and fell in love with this one till it was sent to me. It looks like a dollar store ring! its cheap looking and I was very disappointed. The one thing that was good about this product is that it was in my mailbox within 2 days of ordering it! <end>  Perfect in every way!  I love this ring so much. I get so many compliments, getting ready to order more from Gem Avenue. Thanks Gem! <end>  Ok for the price  This ring is ok for the price. Very light weight, band is very thin. Actually bent band by just taking off. Ok to wear to add a little bling. Wish it was better quality - I know, you get what you pay for. Looks like my 7 yr old niece is getting a new ring. <end>  Looks Great, Good Weight  The product looks great and it has a good weight to it. I was a little worried about ordering this online, but I'm perfectly satisfied with the quality for the price. <end>  Loving it  This ring is exactly as it is pictured. It is really beautiful, and has a great basket setting. It looks like a real diamond, and though on the large side, I think it is a quite believable, high quality cz. Looks like a 2 carat. I'm loving it! <end>  Gorgeous!!  I just received my ring and it is incredible! It looks so real and the clarity and cut is awesome. I am pairing it with an eternity wedding band and it couldn't be better! I read the other reviews and was a little skeptical but I am so glad that I ordered the ring before it sold out in my size. Thanks Amazon and Gem Avenue! <end>  completely satisfied  The ring is beautiful! It is a little on the larger side but the setting and stone itself look very real. The stone is brilliantly clear. I paired it with a plain 3mm sterling silver band by the same seller and it looks wonderful. Shipping was extraordinarily fast! I'd definately recommend this ring to anyone. <end>  Beautiful ring...  This ring is exactly as advertised. Sparkles like the real thing and yet the 6-prong setting makes it even more believable. I have larger hands and am so happy to find a ring that doesn't seem to "get lost" on my hand. I wear it every day and have had no problems whatsoever. <end>  Holding up well.  This ring can pass for white gold. The stone cleans up well and sparkles like a real diamond. The band is a bit thin but looks real. Has been worn doing dishes, showers etc. and no problems. Only complaint couple of the prongs go a bit sideways. You have to examine it closely to notice. <end>  Lovely sparkly ring  This is a beautiful ring. The stone is perfectly colorless and sparkles brilliantly. The silver band feels solid and doesn't have any thin parts. I bought this ring as a gift and I feel very happy with my choice. It looks expensive and beautiful, very much worth the money I paid for it.; <end>  BlingRing  This is a very pretty ring with a gorgeous setting. It holds a lot of WOW factor. You get a lot of bang for your buck with this ring. It looks fairly real for a CZ. It is worth the buy!! <end>  prettier than expected  OH MY MY MY! I got this ring in the mail today and it's simply stunning! I was a little nervous since I read a review that said the gem was cloudy, but it's actually clear as day and sooooo sparkly. I love it! Would definitely reccomend! <end>  Bigger Than I Expected  If you are looking for a ring with a dainty stone this isn't the one. This ring has a ROCK. I wasn't expecting the stone to be so big, but now that I have worn it for a little while, and gotten used to it, I love it. It is beautifully made and very shiny. Looks expensive. <end>  Very pleased, but...  For the price this is a wonderful ring. Very pretty. The band seems a bit thin, though, which gives it a cheaper look. Overall, an excellent bargain. <end>
 B000B90OQ0  High Polished Heart 10 KT Yellow Gold Toe Ring 10k Toering ||	  Gorgeous toe ring  This toe ring is really beautiful; very detailed, yet extremely delicate looking. Comes in the cutest little gift box and was very reasonably priced. Superfast shipping too. I couldn't be more pleased! <end>  Heart Toe Ring  What a deal! A beautiful 10k gold toe ring for just 20 dollars. The detail is so pretty and I can not wait for the Summer, so my daughter and I can flash our new toe rings with a great pedicure. Scale of 1-10 a big 10++. <end>
 B000B912MK  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.1mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  30" Sterling Silver Baby Flat Mariner Necklace  This necklace exceeded my expectations for an on-line purchase. It is a beautiful silver necklace and is great for an every day wear. <end>  Simply beautiful  I initially was drawn to this item because the length is a little unusual - 9.5 inches - most anklets are 9 (a tad too snug) or 10 inches (a lot too loose). I also liked that it is nickel-free because I have a nickel allergy. I also liked that it is thin and flat. So it met all of my basic requirements and then some right off the bat. The best part is that it is more beautiful and shiny "in person" than it shows in the photograph - it is really beautiful. I have worn anklets for many years and this is my new favorite. I am thinking of ordering another 1-2 because I tend to lose them... You can't go wrong with this choice. <end>
 B000B912N4  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.7mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  It Shines!  The price was the greatest, of course! On Amazon. And the size and whight as well. She really dig's the look and rich luster of the silver. <end>
 B000B912NE  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.6mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great necklace, nice sized links  This is a really nice necklace. Solid, big enough to be noticed, but not gaudy. Ordered two more for friends (months ago when silver was cheaper). <end>  Thrilled with this bracelet!  This bracelet is beautiful and the silver is very bright. In person it looks just like it does on line. It is sized accurately. It looks good by itself or with other bracelets. I would definitely order from this vendor again. It reached NJ from California in 3 days! <end>  Good Quality, Fast Service  I have several of these chains from this vendor; all are top quality and reasonably priced. <end>  Good overall service and quality  I loved everything about the chain that I bought. Delivery was speedy and everything arrived in excellent condition. Chain has a smooth feel and also a weighty feel so it feels ANYTHING but cheap. Great overall service! THANKS AGAIN! <end>
 B000B913V0  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.8mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Figaro Necklace  I felt that the description of this item was sadly misunderstood. The necklace itself is very pretty, but it look very fragile, its width is small, and the necklace is shiny. I enjoyed it as a female necklace, but hte purchase was for my boyfriend... it doesn't look masculene..it looks feminine. <end>  Not fragile!  After reading the other review of this item, I felt I had to set the record straight. I bought this chain to use with a pendant my husband bought me while on vacation in Mexico. The pendant is not small, and I needed a substantial chain. This chain is perfect! <end>
 B000BAR476  Iron Cross Pewter Cuff Bracelet ||	  Bracelet  I need to have the vendor contact me with info to return. It's going to break, was cut to close on one side...But I love so would like to actually exchange. <end>
 B000BASXXU  Skull Guitar Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Great Customer Service and Product  After first losing the package in shipping, Daniel went above and beyond to get me another. The shipment arrived within the time promised on the second shipping and I was thrilled with quality. I will use this company a lot in the coming years. Good prices, great service....Good product <end>  Great necklace  I love this necklace, the design is really nice and it's not too small or too larg . And usually I have an allergic to copper but this is the first time I wear something made with copper and didn't got any allergic at all. That's why I wear it all the time. Thank you <end>  Gift for Joe Perry  The necklace was awesome looking and something really unique. I purchased the necklace for Joe Perry of Aerosmith when I met him during a "meet and greet" in Las Vegas on July 31. <end>  Great Buy!  I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage nephew who plays a guitar and is aspiring to be in a rock band. This was perfect for him and he totally loves it and pretty much wears it everyday. I think a leather cord would make a better and stronger holder for the pendant as this one seems a little flimsy. Overall, a great piece at a great price. <end>  Too small for anyone's liking.  I'd like to say first of all that I have bought from Dan's Jewelers multiple times and I am a huge fan of their work and craftsmanship. And really, I have no problem with the craftsmanship here. The pendant is well-made, cool looking, and the cord is reliable. My only grief with this particular item is that it's so damn small and it absolutely looks terrible being so little. There's a lot of detail in this necklace and I think that the pendant should be much larger to show that detail. <end>  Really rocking Pendants  I bought this pendant with 2 others, these pendants are the best, looks very good I'll buy more of these pendants later thanks for all. <end>
 B000BB5U8K  Chicago Cubs MLB Executive Cuff Links - 1 Pair ||	  good gift  I bought these for my boyfriend for a gift for his birthday. He loves them! <end>
 B000BB7FW4  Courage Swirl Ring (size  8) ||	  Beautiful!  The ring arrived in perfect condition, and it even has an elaborate stamp on the back. I love it! <end>  Love It!  The ring is great quality. The thickness of the band is perfect and true to size. <end>
 B000BBEF18  Sterling Silver and Garnet Yin-Yang Black Enamel Dragon Medallion Pendant Necklace ||	  close but no cigar  I was somewhat disappointed by the quality of this item. Perhaps I expected too much since I freely admit to being a novice jewelry purchaser. <end>  Fantastic Gift!  I bought this pendant for my daughter-in-law, as a Christmas gift. She loves dragons, and her birthday is in July, so the red stone was ideal for her too. She loved it! Thanks for the great idea, Amazon, it's a beautiful piece. <end>  verynice guft  the necklace was very nice. My husband was thrilled when he saw it.the cord that came with it is a little flimsy but thats no problem <end>
 B000BBFYX6  Sterling Silver Torq Celtic Knot Cuff Bangle Bracelet ||	  not solid sterling silver  Although this product is pretty to look at, one must remember not to bend it to fit as it will crack the silver plating and the bracelet will fall apart in your hands. I do not suggest buying this item as it is not solid sterling silver as you are lead to believe. <end>  Good Customer Service, Poor product...  I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 because their customer service (communication and such) have been very good.I purchased this bracelet a few months ago and (a few days ago) had the unfortunate experience as the previous reviewer. I was taking it off and it snapped in the middle. Once you could see the insides, it was obviously not pure Sterling Silver as the "materials" portion indicates. I will be returning this item for a new one (already gave my girl a matching one) and may not even wear it at all...*very disappointing* <end>
 B000BBH14Q  Connoisseurs Sonic Jewelry Bath ||	  Not bad for price...  This sonic jewelry cleaner isn't as effective as the high-priced ultrasonic cleaners, but considering how inexpensive it is, it does a remarkable job! Not a bad buy at all. Do be aware, though, that the Sonic Jewelry Cleaner only comes with enough of Connoisseurs jewelry cleaning solution for one cleaning. You'll have to purchase more of their solution, or use an ammonia &amp; water solution (or other cleaning mixture, depending on the type of jewelry your treating) to clean more items. <end>  Didn't last very long  I was given this jewelry cleaner as a gift. It's very compact and looks cute, but is not quite as effective as the larger, plug-in cleaner also made by Connoisseur's.My main disappointment, though, was that it is incredibly difficult to empty the cleaning tank of used cleaning solution without letting a drop or two dribble into the mechanical parts inside (see photo -- where the clear cleaning tank joins the white base, there is an opening here). Every time I emptied the tank, I tried everything I could to keep this opening dry, even stuffing kleenex in between the tank and the base.I'm afraid, that with repeated uses and dribblings, that the inner mechanical parts got too wet -- one day when I tried to replace the AAA batteries, chunks of the white plastic broke off around the battery doors (I guess they had become softened from the inside). Because of this, the battery doors would no longer stay closed, which prevented the batteries from making full contact, and the jewelry cleaner could only put out weak sonic waves due to the low power it was receiving.So, if you decide to buy this jewelry cleaner, make sure you have a plan for emptying the tank in such a way that absolutely NO cleaning solution can drip into the insides of the device. <end>  FANTASTIC jewelry cleaner  Do not waste your money on any other jewelry cleaner! This little cleaner is AMAZING! I barely recognized my diamonds after cleaning them! Carousel hooks hold rings nicely as well as pendants, also comes with a hook that has holes where you can place earrings. I have cleaned my engagement ring, diamond studs, and journey pendant so far and I am amazed! This was meant to be a sort of "pre soak" to a much more expensive "professional" cleaner I also purchased. I am now regretting buying the professional cleaner because this one is FAR superior to the professional ones! Although it is only battery operated, it is very powerful! I'll admit i was skeptical of it at first, but WOW!!! I would recommend this cleaner to everyone! <end>  Sonic Jewelry Cleaner  This worked great and the reviews I read before the purchase were helpful in my selection. I used it for my amethyst ring and several necklaces. My husband's wedding band hadn't been cleaned in years and it came out sparkling looking like new. I am very pleased with this uncomplicated jewelry bath and certainly would not hesitate to recommend the product. <end>  nice jewelery cleaner  this is a great little sonic jewelery cleaner. It makes my earrings and necklaces look like new. Good price and fast shipping. <end>  It was ok I guess...  I purchased this to clean my wedding ring but I was not happy with the amount of the cleaning solution I received. It was only a little packet and I thought a jar of cleaning solution came with it. Especially the fact that the directions states to only use their brand of cleaning solution. My ring did sparkle but a couple of weeks later I cleaned my ring with a toothbrush and baking soda toothpaste and got the same results. Hmmmm, toothpaste would be a more economical option had I known earlier. <end>  Sonic Jewelry Cleaner  This product works well. It's perfect for traveling and using everyday. I used the solution that came with it and cleaned many items, you could literally see the dirt coming off the jewelry and sinking to the bottom of the container. It is small, but I didn't want a big appliance taking up lots of counter or shelf space. <end>  worked like a Gem!  I used this to clean my engagement ring and a pair of diamond earrings - It worked great and I look forward to using it every other week to clean my jewelry. It's a little loud, but otherwise a great buy! <end>  Please do not waste your money!  I asked for one of these for christmas 2004 and got it. The batteries go in both sides on the bottom and it takes 4 AAA batteries. I suppose the sonic motion rattles the locking caps which holds the batteries in place and eventually the small lip that clicks broke on one side. I duck taped the cap in place and after a while the other side broke as well. I actually went out and bought another one because it was the only one that I could find. These jewelry baths are not usually stocked on the shelves at Wal-Mart. This is the only one. The new one had the same problem with the cap's lip breaking so this time I super-glued it back together and it worked for about three weeks because i do not use it every day. In the end though the actual sides broke that held the batteries and the cap onto the machine. I say that 2 of these machine's breaking within 2 years when I only use them when my jewelry gets dirty is a sure sign of a defective product. I believe that it could have been better made. I suggest using a sonic bath that you have to plug in would be a better bet. <end>  Nice and Small  I really haven't used this yet but can say I bought it to replace a larger cleaner that I had owned. My sister had the smaller one and really loved it. I myself like the small size and I think for it to last it will have to be cleaned well after each use. <end>  I got this product based on the excellent reviews  I got this product and the soap that goes with it. When I take my jewelry out of the cleaner it has this soapy film and I need to rinse it for hours. My jewelry doesn't look clean. In fact I can still see dirt and grime under the gems. I think a regular toothbrush and clear dish soap is a better cleaner. I would never recommend this product to anyone. <end>  Nice, compact jewelry cleaner  I've had several gargantuan jewelry cleaners over the years. I threw them all way for various reasons and decided to try this one after reading reviews on amazon. And I am happy with it.It runs on batteries. Which is ok, since I use it only minutes at a time. It is very small, footprint-wise, which means I can just leave it out on the counter... which means I tend to use it more often than when I had to dig it out of a drawer or closet and plug in.The only thing I don't like about it (but it's not that big a deal) is that the clear container doesn't appear to be detachable from the base, and it is not easy to keep from spilling the cleaner solution into the base when you refill and/or move the unit around. But so far, that hasn't been a big problem. It might be down the line, but for now, i'm pleased with it. <end>  Great but Tiny!  Cleans like a gem (lol) but it is tiny. Take a tennis ball in diameter but slice it so thin it's less then two inches thick and you have this cleaner. It'll clean great but good luck with cleaning more then two rings or a bracelet at a time. <end>  Absolutely the best  This little machine is perfect. Doesn't take up much space, and really does the job. I love having my jewelry sparkling, and this keeps it that way. I absolutely recommend this. <end>  Falls apart  I've had this jewelry cleaner for about five months. So far, one of the battery covers has broken (I've taped it back together) and one side of the power switch has broken off. It cleans jewelry well, but it does hold up well to a lot of use. I clean my wedding rings about once a week, just to give you an idea of how much use it has received. <end>  Waste of money  Just wanted a simple cleaner bought this one to try it out. It lasted a couple of months before the holder cracked. Made of plastic so it won't last long. <end>
 B000BBOGNK  Sterling Silver Multicolor Square Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very nice  The product I received has a couple extra chain links more than the picture of the product shows so it doesn't look quite as clean. Though I'm sure a local jeweler could easily remove the extra couple links if the length is not needed, and I might have that done depending on how it fits. I would also note that the Amazon picture is an incredibly good picture with optimal light allowing the brilliant color of the crystals seen. The crystals are not quite so vivid under typical lighting conditions, but nonetheless they are beautiful. <end>
 B000BCGL64  Sterling Silver High Polished Small 1/2" Puffed Heart, with 18" Box chain. ||	  Very nice!  Very nice pendant, shiny and smooth, and just the right size. The bail is good, too, not the cheap bendable kind, but permanently sauderized. The box chain that came with it was good quality too. <end>
 B000BD1T6U  14Kt Yellow Gold Ladies Hand Woven Gold Band ||	  Lovely Quality But Beware of Sizing  This is a beautiful ring and I was much delighted with it's quality. HOWEVER, the size 7 I ordered turned out to actually be a small, not-quite-size 6. I don't know if this was a fluke or if they just generally size it small. Anyway, I was hugely disappointed AND had to pay an additional $45.00 to have it resized at my jewelers. I would not purchase from this company again. <end>  Very pleased  I received this ring as a wedding band. It is just as beautiful as the image and is very comfortable.It was only available in a larger size than I wear and I have not yet had it sized, so I'm not sure if it canbe sized without compromising the design. I love this band and I'm glad my husband took my suggestion.It's unusual enough that I don't see it on anyone else. <end>
 B000BD1Y4C  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings Marquise Shape 1.0 cttw Sapphire Blue ||	  High quality  This earring set was received promptly and in excellent condition. The quality of the stones is high. <end>
 B000BD25N6  Sterling Silver and Brass Screw Head Bangle Bracelet 3/16 inch wide, ||	  silver brasshead bangle  I had a bracelet very similiar to this one and lost it. I really liked my bracelet and waited for a similiar bracelet to appear for sale elsewhere. I am glad that it finally did. I love it. Thanks. <end>  EL GT, London  This is nicely done, well-polished, solid bracelet with strong hidden clasp. I need to make just one correction - on the photo it is round shape, but actually it's Rounded Square . I like it anyway. <end>
 B000BD25PY  Sterling Silver Beaded Cuff Bangle Bracelet 5/16 inch wide, ||	  Pretty!  Sister loved it. Bought to replace the one that she was wearing and cracking. This one is much more durable! <end>
 B000BD5RH2  Pugster Capricorn Zodiac Stainless Steel Necklaces Pendant Fathers Day Gifts ||	  Good stuff  It's very good so far, I like its special and simple design. However, the price seems too much, nearly twice of the $$ of being priced on its own website. So, if you like an item of Pugster, better go to its own site to buy it, saving a lot of $$$... <end>
 B000BD65NC  Nickel Free Tarnish Free Sterling Silver Princess Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Rhodium Plated 10mm Mens Band Ring Size 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 ||	  Nice Ring !  I purchased this for myself and really like it. In the photo it looks like square or princess cut stones, they are actualy round stones. The mounting is solid and finished well. The cz's are good quality and have a lot of fire. The seller dose not mention carat weight, but I'd estimate it at 1 cttw. If you want an inexpencive ring that looks like the real thing I recomend this one. The size and quality make this very believable. Shipping was very fast, I'll definately look for more items from this seller. <end>  It's a good ring for the price  I thought it was too good to be true but you can get a nice ring for under 25 bucks. It is kind of thin and I wish the back was finished better but all in all the ring looks close to real and has fooled some of my friends. <end>  Inexpensive and Attractive  My career keeps me on stage. Because of this, I was forever searching for some attractive jewelry to wear during a show. Gem Avenue was my answer with this and many more inexpensive and attractive rings. Of all my past purchases, I would buy this one again and find myself wearing THIS more than my others. A little thin, but purely beautiful. Buy this ring. <end>  Great Item, Great Price  This is a really cool ring. I would recommend it to anyone. It really dresses you up quickly - just throw on a nice Dinner Jacket and you're ready to go out. <end>  I've had better  The picture was better than the real product. One of the cz stones fell out within the first month and I work in an office setting with very little stress to the hands. I gave the ring away. I was not very satisfied with the quality. I'm glad other reviewers were pleased with their ring. <end>  Sterling Silver Ring  A super ring for a modest price. The Cubic Zirconia reflect nice colors in the light. The silver is smooth and polished to a shine. I am very pleased with my purchase. Bling bling ... <end>  Not Expensive; however, I was surprised at the quality  I ordered the ring, thinking that the quality would be low; however, I liked the design of the ring. When I opened the box, I was really surprised at the quality. I only wear it when going to nice places. I always get comments on how nice it looks. I am going to buy some of the other rings. <end>  Men's sterling silver ring.  This ring is a beautiful piece of sterling silver. It is heavy and solid. The stones in my ring are not as glittery as I had hoped but it nevertheless is a fine ring for the price. <end>  Wow ..what a glitter  Well I bought this ring and I got to say I love it .I think this ring shines more than my real white gold and diamond well and also very fast service in four days.I will buy another design soon ,Thank you, GEM AVENUEFrom Alex <end>
 B000BD7SHO  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Solitaire 1/4 CTW Round Brilliant Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Band Promise Ring Size 5 ||	  Valentines Promise  Wow the ring was everything as said to be with fast shipping. It was so peferct for the right occassion. Couldnt have been more happier with the ring. The eyes of my girlfriend when she saw it was amazing. She was speechless not to mention happy. It was a Valentine Day that was perfect. It was excellent. Would recommend!! <end>  Great for the money!  For how much it costs this is a steal. I got it for my girlfriend and she loves it. It did have a very minor defect and that is why i didnt give it a five out of five but it is not that noticeable. <end>
 B000BD8EJ0  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 5mm Mens Band Ring Size 6, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 ||	  Beautiful ring  Wonderful quality. Looks exactly like the picture shown. Good sterling silver, very illustrious stones. Great buy. <end>  great ring  I just received this ring and I like it a lot. The ring it looks very expensive and my friends couldn't tell about it. Most people I knew thought I'm married or engaged with fiance. <end>  glitterring  I just have received one of the 2 rings, I like it very much, it glitters very much because the stone is very great. I would say buy this ring a good price and beautiful to see. It takes some time for I could see anything about this ring because I live in The Netherlands and here they have not such great rings to buy. greetings Helma Thijsse <end>  Great Buy  I got this ring a while back and love it. Its beautiful and attracts a lot of eyes when it's in the right light. The only problem was that Gem Avenue took a long time to get it to me. <end>
 B000BDCGK8  14K White Gold 5 mm Square CZ Stud Earrings Basket Set 1 1/2 Carat Size ||	  Fake out!!  Couldn't afford this size diamond studs but wanted studs for upper holes in lobes. These rival any "real" stone and were not gaudy nor did they irritate my sensitive ears. Speedy delivery, great quality, great seller!! <end>  GREAT & LOVELY  These princess cut cubic zirconia studs were bought for a gift, of course didnt see them before giving them because I shipped them directly and reactions gave me the approval, also they look way better than advertised!! sparkly sparkly!!, and very important was a super fast shipping and I didnt pay extra for it, was shipped on valentines day but it was expected february 17 so that was a plus for the gift surprise!! no regrets!! couldnt ask for more.. oh yea gift wrapping please! <end>  cz Stud Earrings  they came in a nice box and they were perfect. Very dinty and delicate, with a lot of brilliance. <end>  bling bling  These were a gift for my daughter. she loved them. Just the right size and the perfect amount of sparkle. very nice. <end>  cheap product  I did not expect much considering the stone. I did assume that the rest of the earings would be so poorly constructed. Buyer beware. <end>
 B000BF44P6  Sterling Silver Cushion Cut CZ Ring ||	  Cushion Cut Diamond CZ Ring  I received this ring as a gift and absolutely loved it. I went to their website and ordered more after receiving this ring. So cute, so many compliments, and great for just everyday. 100% recommendable. <end>  Not good Quality  When I received this ring, it appeared to be very lightweight and cheap. Within two weeks one of the side stones fell out. I guess you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000BFFWNE  Dichroic art glass earrings, 'Crystal Leaves' ||	  GREAT Christmas present! Love them!  Wow! I had these earrings on my Amazon wish list and my wonderful husband bought them for me. They look even better in person! The individual dichroic pieces on each earring shimmer and catch the light with hints of colors in them as you turn your head in different directions. The dichroic pieces are lightweight which was a very pleasant surprise. They are well-made & soooo beautiful. My friends are going to turn green with envy when they see these! If you like the better-made dangle or dichroic earrings, this pair is a "must have" for your quality earring collection. I am glad I got them.I am looking very much forward to ordering another very special pair from these two artists sometime soon. Novica chose well when they selected them.Muchas gracias Gloria y David.... Feliz Navidad y Prospero ano nuevo! <end>
 B000BFJK7I  Bracelet, 'Blue Comet' ||	  What a talented lady!  Neeru has a good eye and great talent for creating beautiful jewelry. Her items can be found on the Novica website and ARE worth taking a look at! The pieces I have purchased have arrived in exquisit packaging as well. I will be checking her stuff out the next time I look for silver and turquoise pieces! <end>
 B000BFKEB4  Peridot and citrine choker, 'Tendrils' ||	  Gave as gift  My sister loved it and it was an inspiring piece to pick out coordinating clothing. We had so much fun that Christmas. <end>
 B000BG00FS  Amethyst and turquoise earrings, 'Bangles' 2.2" W 3.2" L ||	  Not worth it  Very disappointed in these earings. Hoops are very flimsy and I don't think the beads are real turquois and amethyst. Some of the tiny silver seperators were missing and you have to be extremely careful because the beads can easily slide off. For $33 I would expect better quality jewlery. <end>
 B000BGL54I  Pearl and lapis lazuli choker, 'Ethereal' ||	  So Gorgeous!  I have been eyeballing this piece for several months and one day someone purchased it for me from my wishlist. Another reviewer mentioned that the packaging is gorgeous but it needs more explanation than that, it's a beautiful fold out thick mulberry paper envelope type box with a leaf embellishment on it and a wooden button with elastic to hold it closed. It's incredibly gorgeous and eco-friendly presentation I was enthralled with. The necklace itself is lovely of course, the thread that hold the pearls and lapis together is actually what appears to be a mid grade black plastic wire and seems to be bent easily so you will want to handle and store with care but not at all cheap looking. Simply beautiful, I love it to pieces. Highly recommend. <end>  Intricate navy blue necklace  On my computer screen the necklace showed up as having a variety of blue colors in it, mostly dark....however in person it's a pretty uniform true navy color (not as dark as I thought it would be). Be aware that this is not a sparkly necklace at all, as the stones aren't faceted. What makes it unique is the interesting way the stones are woven together on a thin, black metal wire...it adds a gorgeous look to your neckline. You really have to see it on your neck to appreciate the artful way the stones fall. While I generally prefer some sparkle to my necklaces, this is definitely unique enough to keep. <end>  BEAUTIFUL and PERFECT  I LOVE this necklace! It is so very lovely -- great design, perfect combination of stones and pearls. Very organic.I also love the way items are delivered from NOVICA -- along with each piece I have purchased from them I have received a little note or postcard from the artist; a very nice touch! <end>  Very pretty  This makes a lovely gift if you need to find a piece of jewelry that is unique, but lovely enough for almost anyone's taste. The body of the necklace bead are strung on a kind of monofilament, with metal endings and a chain that does allow for a variety of neck widths. <end>
 B000BGR9BQ  Pugster Heart On Purple Themed Holiday Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Love my charms  Love my charms... I have quite a few bracelets, watch bracelets and medical bracelets. You use to be able to find the charms sold everywhere, but not now.. now mostly internet <end>
 B000BGV23M  Pugster I May Emerald Color Be Wrong By Price Italian Charm ||	  Wrong Charm  The sarcastic saying is funny and very appropriate for the individual. Just wish the font was larger and dark to make it more visible next to other charms. <end>
 B000BGX80C  Pugster Checkmate Italian Charms ||	  chess club  I have a chess club in my school, and this charm has a special meaning for me. <end>
 B000BGX8MA  Pugster Italian Charm Bracelet Heart Bear White Animals ||	  bluebonnet  How sweet it is with the bluebonnet and mockingbird. This is my first Italian charm with a dangle and it is so very cute. I love it. <end>
 B000BH7LTA  Kit Heath Diamond Star Necklace (length  16") ||	  Awesome little necklace  I have had this necklace for over a year. I'm not one for ornate, gaudy jewlery and find this this little star pendant to be sweet and chic! <end>
 B000BID8Q4  Pugster Shell Stone Chip Beads Earrings Chipstone Dangle ||	  Very cute  These made a great stocking stuffer for my sister, as her favorite color is yellow, and she always need earings. Only paid $1, worth much more! <end>
 B000BID9M2  Pugster Venice Italy Gift Italian Charm ||	  Venice  The charm looks nothing like the picture. The picture in the charm is actually very fuzzy and no one who has looked at it has ever been able to tell what it is, let alone where it is. Very disappointing. <end>
 B000BIGLYA  Pugster Popular In Little Silver Circle Dull Polish Edges Hoop Earrings ||	  Pugster  I ordered earrings and they never arrived. After two weeks, I inquired and was told they would ship them "again" ASAP. Another two weeks went by, and still nothing. However, once I requested a refund, that was promptly processed within 48 hours. That's the only thing positive that happened in this experience. <end>
 B000BIPFJC  Pugster Pink Twist Leaf Murano Bracelet ||	  Very pleased  The item looked and felt to be of high quality. The price was reasonable and it was shipped in a very timely manner. <end>
 B000BIPFL0  Pugster Silver Purple Flower Yellow Drop Millefiori Murano Glass Earrings ||	  I almost never review  I got these yesterday and they are small and the blue in the picture is kind of a duller bluse. All in all concerning the price these are a cute little earning. If not for the duller color they would have been a 5. <end>
 B000BIRA90  Pugster Rose Gold Chain Triple Fish October Birthstone Light Pink Swarovski Crystal Lobster Clasp Extend Bracelets ||	  Very nice charm!  I love the look of this charm, perfect for my Pandora bracelet and with the cost of Pandora charms, this completes my bracelet looking classy! Been over two months, and still as shiny as when I first bought it. Very happy with this charm!! <end>
 B000BIRACC  Pugster Stainless Steel Mens Huggie Hoop Earrings, Yin-Yang Design ||	  Colors and size may vary  I received these on time, so they do have good service, however, the stones of each earring are different colors. one was more oranges, greens, reds, and had a grayish stone in it, while the other was deeper reds and blacks. and one is longer than the other, even though they have the same amount of stones on each, one just has thicker stones than the other. This upset me, but not worth the hassle of returning because I don't think anyone will notice when I wear them and they are still good quality, nice and sturdy. just beware-- they are not guaranteed to be identical. <end>
 B000BIRAJ0  Pugster Jane Austen Work & Leisure Italian Charms ||	  Italian Charm--Jane Austen  The charm is of course smaller than pictured. It is fairly detailed for such a tiny link charm. I like it. <end>  Jane Austen Charm  This Italian charm is very cute. I wear my bracelet daily, and much to my surprise the dangle is still attached. I'm very impressed! Just bought another one for a fellow "Austenite". And the price! Well, you can't beat that! <end>
 B000BIUC3G  Blue Green Hearts Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  What can I say?  It fits, it is pretty and it is just the right size. It hasn't broken in half and I haven't swallowed it yet, so I guess I've gotten my moneys worth  ) <end>
 B000BIUC40  Black Anodized Titanium Crystalline Gem Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  false advertisement  I ordered a black titanium barbell. Once i recieved it, not even a day later black paint was chipping off my "titanium ring." Obviously the ring wasn't titanium, but painted steel, manipulatinf titanium. <end>
 B000BIVSW0  Red and White Bullseye Target Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Feels really big on your tongue, but is pretty cool.  The Red and White Bullsey Logo Barbell Tongue ring isn't something you want to wear everyday because it makes you feel like you have a fat tongue. By the end of the day you're mostly used to it, but it's still a little odd. You can tell by the picture that the bullseye is about twice the size of a normal barbell ball. <end>
 B000BIVSWA  Larger Yin Yang Symbol Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  And balance was introduced  Has yet to agaib be seperated from my tongue. What can I say? It helps remind me of the concept of balance, when it I see in the mirror, in the window, or just by sticking out my tongue. <end>
 B000BIVSXE  United Kingdom GREAT BRITAIN FLAG Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Interesting but good  It's the first time I odered a tongue ring that had a bigger ball on top and an emblem embedding in it like this (I ordered two). I have to say at first it felt weird but after a few minutes I loved it. AND because the top is like rubber coated over the picture it doesn't bother the top of your mouth or your teeth. It's top heavy to feel but you don't notice it after a few minutes. I like it a lot. <end>
 B000BIXJ36  Yellow Glow In The Dark Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Love it  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted (which is pretty hard to find now a days) it's a see through color. <end>
 B000BIXK2Q  Black and White Sweet Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  good deal  I really like how fast u guys got it to me and it was very cool addiction to my collection. <end>
 B000BIZNRQ  Red and White Girls Rule Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Looks nice but kind of to big  I like the look and style but for me I just think the ball is to big and irritates my mouth. Everything else is great. <end>
 B000BIZOJ8  Pink Funky Flower Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  A Gift  I bought this for my boyfriend. This is one of the only tounge rings I found that has the plastic balls and our favorite colors. We both love it. <end>
 B000BJ0H12  .925 Sterling Silver Fairy belly button ring ||	  love it  My second time ordering from them..fast shipping, and I love the size of the belly ring I've had lots of people ask where did I get it.........love love love this. <end>
 B000BKAY8C  Double Circle Amethyst Necklace (length  16") ||	  Great Gift  I purchased this as a gift for a friend of mine. We lived 1/2 way across the US from each other, so I'm not sure how well she liked it. But from what she told me on the phone, she loved it. <end>
 B000BKTCZ8  Microscope Lapel Pin ||	  So cute!  I ordered these lapel pins as gifts and they are so cute, but small enough to wear with anything. Plus, this company makes so many different styles and designs they're easy to personalize as stocking-stuffers or other types of gifts. My husband is a microbiologist and he loves his microscope lapel pin! <end>
 B000BKY97Y  Trumpet Lapel Pin ||	  Awesome item  I ordered these for my family, as a tribute to my brother. They are a great design, well made. No problems. The shipping was fast(although I did pay to have them shipped overnight)and efficient. They were exactly what I wanted. Thank you for a great product, and great service. <end>
 B000BKYTQA  Green Funky Flower Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Too large..  I loved the color and design of this belly ring. However, I found that the actual ring looked REALLY large in my piercing. My navel piercing isn't very deep, but it also isn't too thin. I believe I wasted my money on something I'll never use. <end>
 B000BKYTQK  Green Miracle Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  I have serious METAL ALLERGIES & these were GREAT  I ordered a batch of these together. I was a few cents shy of the free shipping & the seller was awesome enough to go ahead & give it to me, & we're talking $9+ worth of free shipping. TOTALLY cool to deal with. Fast shipping & the items themselves are perfect. They are as detailed in the sales description. The beads are vibrant, as I have the green, red & purple. This is a great product & seller & I would certainly buy again. <end>
 B000BKYTRE  Swarovski Aquamarine Double Gem Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Very Different  I was so pleased with this purchase. It is comfortable to wear and its different. I will recommend to all my friends. <end>  SWAROVSKI Aquamarine DOUBLE GEM Spiral Twister Belly Ring  i collect belly button rings and this is one that i purchased. thhis company has a cool selection with great prices and fast shipping. highly recommended online stoe. thanks! <end>
 B000BKYTV0  Layered Striped Black Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Well  It looks really cool, have always wanted a spiral oneZ but the balls don't stay tight for very long, so even with constant retightening one of thE balls fell off and it lost forever within 2 weeks of getting it. If that hadnt happened, I would've have 4-5 stars <end>
 B000BKYTWE  Clear White Striped Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Nice  This style is much more comfortable than I would have thought. I was originally pierced with a barbell and this was my first twisted design. The stripes are a lot sharper on the jewelry than they are in the photo. The price is excellent. <end>  Most comfortable piercing I have ever worn.  Like one of the other reviewers; I have a deep piercing. I always found that the standard rings were a tad too short and made my piercing sore. Other than a long flexable type piercing, this has been the most comfortable naval ring I have ever worn for everyday wear.I did switch the plastic balls out with metal ones. Will definately purchase again. <end>
 B000BL0DQE  Light Blue GLOW-n-DARK Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Not a good choice  I got this as a christmas gift and it didn't glow in the dark like it said at all, but I guess you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000BL0DSW  Light Pink Miracle Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  More opaque than expected  This arrived very quickly, but it was more opaque than translucent (its surface almost appears painted) and then it was chipped on top of that. A bummer! But I'm giving it two stars for the fast shipping. <end>
 B000BL0DVE  Ocean Mist Stripe Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Different  Not something I would typically buy, but the price is excellent and I think my daughter will really like it, it's cute and fashionable, good stocking stuffer. <end>  fits nicely  I loved the belly ring. I need to order a new one because I lost one of the balls. The Shippment was fast and I loved it until I lost a peice of it. <end>
 B000BL0XVY  Single Strand of Freshwater White Pearls Necklace ||	  Gorgeous!  I saw an Aroya necklace like this for $300. This almost looks identical. The pearls are shaped oddly, not round. <end>
 B000BL2B9Q  Swarovski Pink Double Gem Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  SWAROVSKI Pink DOUBLE GEM Spiral Twister Belly Ring  My daughter loved it for XMAS <end>
 B000BL471Q  White Checker Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Not good  I didn't like this only because it looked so strange on. Im fairly fit and thin, it was sticking out so far it looked ridiculous on me. Never worn it after trying it on. <end>
 B000BL8STI  Sterling Silver Courtney Davis Detailed Spirit Winged Dragon Pendant 19" Chain Necklace ||	  MY DRAGON, MY GUARDIAN...  I've had this dragon on my wish list it's been a year. I thought it was a bit pricey for me. Then I happen to catch a cold and decided to reward myself, bought the dragon! It's worth every penny. Dragon is made of a rather thick chunk of silver, incredibly detailed as far as different textures go, Courtney Davis'design really brought this mytical creature to life in it's best looks with all the royalty that it deserves. The chain is a simple cable link kind that doesn't steal the attention from the dragon. It's a fun conversation piece and has lots of meaning to me. Among them, in the chinese horoscope, I was born in the year of the dragon! <end>  Beautiful  I love it - it is the perfect size, chain length and just as beautiful in person as in the picture. <end>  beautiful workmanship  he got here--early, too. He sits on my left lapel, above the thunderbird, above the peace sign, and below the docent badge. (he has to be separatedfrom the peace sign by the thunderbird so they don't fight.) OH--he comes on a very nice chain, and if you want to pin him on you, you have to take him off of it. Leave the innermost rings, and bend them back, so a safety pin can be inserted from behind the cloth.But he's fine as a necklace.Oh. I should add that this is an American (or other non-Chinese) dragon, rather than a Chinese one. Chinese dragons don't have wings. <end>
 B000BLC8AS  Sterling Silver Elven or Faerie Seven Pointed Star Septagram Pendant Necklace with Rainbow Moonstone ||	  Beautiful, well-balanced pendant  This piece is remarkably solid and well-made. The construction is beautiful, the moonstones complement the design perfectly. One bit of warning - the cord is not colorfast, don't get it wet or it will bleed onto your clothes! Overall I am very very happy with my purchase. <end>  Faerie Star  I love it. It is beautiful and I love how the stones change color. It was larger than I expected. I also purchased the Byzatine cut silver chain to go with it. My 9 month old grandson is facinated with it. Everytime I hold him he drops what ever he has in his hands and starts playing with it. <end>  Would've given it 5 stars but...  The pendant itself is beautiful and the little moonstones glow beautifully. Over a black background they look like aquamarine cabochons-so blue! Love it! However... the silk chord isn't worth a penny  it broke as soon as I put it on. No glue on one end. Into the trash it went! Luckily, I had on hand a better quality rubber chord and there's no chance of the color running. Silver Insanity might consider switching to rubber chords-or using glue. <end>  Cheap & fragile- A Rip off  I was extremely excited when I got this in the mail, but was slightly disappointed when I opened the package and looked at it. The metal looked extremely cheap and so did the moonstones. It did not look at all like a $75 piece of jewelry (that is about how much it costs w/ shipping and handling and tax shipped in an average 3-5 work days). Eventually, it broke. I accidentally dropped it, it wasn't even a hard drop either. When I dropped it one of the moonstones broke and fell out, which didn't bother me much because it didn't really resonate with me that much anyways. To those reading this review, learn from my mistake and DO NOT BUY IT!!! This item is cheap and it should cost, at most, $15-$20, not $75 (or even $90- definitely not worth that much!). Instead, find another septagram necklace that's cheaper, more worth your money and will last a long time, or make your own pendant out of wood, imbuing it with your own will and energy making it resonate with you. Whatever you do, save money and don't buy this item. <end>  Beautiful  I absolutely love this charm. It is a nice size and the moonstones are beautiful. I just wish the necklace was silver not a black silk cord. <end>  Very pretty  Very pretty pendant. Actually bigger than I had expected but not in a bad way. Didn't like the satin rope it came with so I just use it on a chain or leather rope. The only downside is that it has tarnished quite a bit but I guess that's just how silver is. <end>  Quite nice...but no bargain.  I purchased this pendant because it's difficult to find a seven-pointed star of any size. It arrived in timely fashion and is exactly as promised--no more, no less. It's difficult to judge jewelry from a photograph; sometimes it exceeds expectations, other times it falls short. This was exactly as depicted, and I must confess that I had hoped the moonstones would look better in person. They don't. In fact, they add very little to the piece in my opinion.I have had several compliments on it, and it is both comfortable and flattering to wear.The price is the upper limit for the quality, but it is not unreasonable. According to the Amazon ranking system, four stars means 'I liked it.' I do like it, but I don't love it. <end>  Super Piece!  I love this piece. It's extremely well made, beautiful, and worth it! I put it on a nice sterling silver chain and it's become a piece of my daily wear. I highly recommend it, but know it's not a tiny piece. <end>  Faerie Star Pendant  I was very disappointed with this pendant. From the picture I couldn't tell how small the moonstones would be. While I like the overall seven-pointed faerie star design, the heavy silver star overpowers the moonstones. The moonstones are much too small. <end>  Necklace  It was a little larger than i expected, but it beautiful and i love it. <end>
 B000BLMTTS  Children's Star Fairy Necklace (length  14") ||	  Necklace had pretty detail  The necklace was a present for my niece's birthday. She loved it and said it was precious. I know she will treasure it for years to come. Product arrivedin perfect condition and arrived quickly. <end>  beckysue  This was really beautiful. I was worried about the length for my 8 year old godchild but it fit beautifully and she loved it. <end>
 B000BM4TLS  14k Yellow Ladys ID Bracelet - 7 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  14K gold id bracelet--ladies  Was disappointed in the bracelet. It had a flimlsy attachment to the ID panel and I think was likely to break loose and therefore fall off the wrist.I returned it, insured for a cost of $20, for a credit to my credit card.Bonnie Campbell <end>
 B000BM6YAW  14k White 3.5 mm Charm Bracelet - 8 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Review of silver charm bracelet  I like that the bracelet was avaiable in the 8 inch length. The clasp is a little difficult for me to hold open when putting the bracelet on. Otherwise, I am enjoying the bracelet very much. <end>
 B000BM6ZII  14k Two-Tone Large Swirl Hoop Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Beautiful earrings  These are beautiful and well made earrings. I would definitely recommend, especially if you like the two-tone gold look! <end>
 B000BM70KK  14k Yellow Tear Drop Snake Lariat Necklace - 17 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Simple but beautiful  I love this necklace! It suits my personal style. I hate anything frou-frou. It is also affordable. I am wearing this necklace on my 3rd wedding anniversary. <end>  As advertised  This necklace was as advertised and came promply in good condition. My daughter was very happy with it. <end>
 B000BMCI1Q  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 36 inch ||	  Sterling Silver bead chain 30"  This chain has kept its bright color & is just the right thickness & length. <end>  Pallini Bead Necklace  Turned out to be a good size for the pendant I needed it for. Nice finish, and seems well-constructed. <end>
 B000BMCI6G  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great Quality!  Great quality sterling silver necklace and great price. Excellent customer service and super fast shipping. Look forward to making future purchases from Sabrina Silver! <end>  Beautiful!  This necklace is well made, has a nice weight, and arrived just as the seller described. I had been searching for some time for one like this, and I'm very pleased. Also the seller sent it out with lightning speed. <end>  Beautiful, High Quality Chain  The quality and size of this chain exceeds my expectations. It is gorgeous! Everything about this transaction was PERFECT!! <end>  great necklace  great necklace, a bit pricey!The fit is great, it goes with so much, had alot of people say how much they liked it. <end>  Beautiful Silver  This is a very good quality silver chain. I wear it 24 hrs a day and it is not only pretty but comfortable. I get so many compliments on it. <end>
 B000BMCI8Y  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great Quality!  Great quality sterling silver necklace and great price. Excellent customer service and super fast shipping. Look forward to making future purchases from Sabrina Silver! <end>  Beautiful!  This necklace is well made, has a nice weight, and arrived just as the seller described. I had been searching for some time for one like this, and I'm very pleased. Also the seller sent it out with lightning speed. <end>  Beautiful, High Quality Chain  The quality and size of this chain exceeds my expectations. It is gorgeous! Everything about this transaction was PERFECT!! <end>  great necklace  great necklace, a bit pricey!The fit is great, it goes with so much, had alot of people say how much they liked it. <end>  Beautiful Silver  This is a very good quality silver chain. I wear it 24 hrs a day and it is not only pretty but comfortable. I get so many compliments on it. <end>
 B000BMCSO8  Jack O' Lantern Lapel Pin ||	  Good Pin.  Good lapel pin. The picture is very accurate and looks just like the product. Hallow on the back side, but is very sturdy. Pin part is located towards the top of the back side, and not the middle, to help it stay right side up when worn. Fast shipping. Would buy from again. Also, environmentally friendly! <end>
 B000BMDP4A  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Thin, Not for a man  Unfortunately, I am not savvy about thickness terminology, so I went by the photo. The photo must be magnified by a trillion. ha. This necklace is paper thin, and looks like it will not last long at all. The other reviewers who said they were getting this for a boyfriend? This is not a "guy" chain at all. The balls are teeny..it nowhere at all resembles those "dog-tag" chain type necklaces if that is what you are looking for. If you are looking for a nice DAINTY chain for a woman, it would be okay. The seller however was nice enough to write me back about a refund (why I gave 2 stars,)but it was Christmas time and I was just too busy, so didn't get it done. <end>  Tiny  Tiny beads ... too tiny for my body size. Kept the product because I should have done more research before I purchased. If you are a small built lady or a teenager order and enjoy! <end>  VERY PRETTY  THE NECKLACE IS LOVELY, BUT I JUST DID NOT THE SIZE OF THE BEAD. THEY WERE TOO SMALL FOR MAY TASTE. HAD NO PROBLEM RETURNING. <end>  very pretty chain  Sorry I didn't get a slightly larger bead on the necklace, but it's so pretty i am keeping it anyway <end>  No complains. As described.  Nice chain. Probe confirms the quality of silver, not suspiciously too light like many silver products these days.. No complains. Arrived on time. <end>  Nice quality at a great price  This chain has a sturdy lobster claw clasp and I've worn it every day for three months and it's holding up very well. I will buy a few more at different lengths because the price is so great. <end>  Lovely chain  This chain is just what I was looking for to use with a larger silver pendant. It's still as bright and shiny as the day I received it. And best of all...no rashes as it is nickel free as promised!I am very satisfied with this purchase! <end>  Nice but slightly different from description  I purchased this chain in part because the description and photo showed a lobster clasp, but it was instead a regular circular clasp. The chain itself is nice quality, but I wish that it were true to the description. <end>  Nickel Free Chain  I was very happy with this product. I use it with a medical alert tag and therefore wear it all the time. The fact that it was nickel free was necessary in this application. Also, the shipping was fast. Had the chain in about 4 days. <end>  Ball chain  Ordered two - never done this before. VERY happy with results. Love the ball chain, nickle free is a plus. This was so easy to do and turned out really well. Thanks. <end>  GOOD PURCHASE.....  Excellent quality... keep in mind that this chain has a sheen, meaning that it is not very reflective,but it is pure 925 silver... If you are looking for a chain that has more of a shine, you may want to go with silver with a different finish and or coating, or just plain stainless steel... I purchased the 18" chain, and am planning to purchase another , and wear both at the same time... has a great look,but not too much bling.... GREAT BUY!!! <end>  A great chain!  I'm so happy with this chain. It's beautiful, and great quality for an amazing price! <end>  Quality Product  This necklace is great, I bought it due to the fact my boyfriend would break out when wearing a standard dog tag chain. It works and feels more comfortable to him. <end>  Surgically precise  Surgically precise and you don' t even need a degree in medicine in order to make use of it. Looks just like in the picutre and it comes equipped with a lobster clasp. If it' s a nickel free, silver necklace you' re searching for then, look no further because this one is a keeper.  ) <end>  Very nice for the price.  I actually purchased this to be used as an ankle bracelet (it goes around my ankle twice). Excellent quality for the price!! <end>  LOVE IT  great product. just as pictured/described. i put a charm (that i already had) on it and wear it almost every day. <end>  Lovely chain  This chain is just what I was looking for to use with a larger silver pendant. It's still as bright and shiny as the day I received it. And best of all...no rashes as it is nickel free as promised!I am very satisfied with this purchase! <end>  Nice but slightly different from description  I purchased this chain in part because the description and photo showed a lobster clasp, but it was instead a regular circular clasp. The chain itself is nice quality, but I wish that it were true to the description. <end>  Nickel Free Chain  I was very happy with this product. I use it with a medical alert tag and therefore wear it all the time. The fact that it was nickel free was necessary in this application. Also, the shipping was fast. Had the chain in about 4 days. <end>  Ball chain  Ordered two - never done this before. VERY happy with results. Love the ball chain, nickle free is a plus. This was so easy to do and turned out really well. Thanks. <end>  GOOD PURCHASE.....  Excellent quality... keep in mind that this chain has a sheen, meaning that it is not very reflective,but it is pure 925 silver... If you are looking for a chain that has more of a shine, you may want to go with silver with a different finish and or coating, or just plain stainless steel... I purchased the 18" chain, and am planning to purchase another , and wear both at the same time... has a great look,but not too much bling.... GREAT BUY!!! <end>  A great chain!  I'm so happy with this chain. It's beautiful, and great quality for an amazing price! <end>  Quality Product  This necklace is great, I bought it due to the fact my boyfriend would break out when wearing a standard dog tag chain. It works and feels more comfortable to him. <end>  Surgically precise  Surgically precise and you don' t even need a degree in medicine in order to make use of it. Looks just like in the picutre and it comes equipped with a lobster clasp. If it' s a nickel free, silver necklace you' re searching for then, look no further because this one is a keeper.  ) <end>  Very nice for the price.  I actually purchased this to be used as an ankle bracelet (it goes around my ankle twice). Excellent quality for the price!! <end>  LOVE IT  great product. just as pictured/described. i put a charm (that i already had) on it and wear it almost every day. <end>  Very Thin, Not for a man  Unfortunately, I am not savvy about thickness terminology, so I went by the photo. The photo must be magnified by a trillion. ha. This necklace is paper thin, and looks like it will not last long at all. The other reviewers who said they were getting this for a boyfriend? This is not a "guy" chain at all. The balls are teeny..it nowhere at all resembles those "dog-tag" chain type necklaces if that is what you are looking for. If you are looking for a nice DAINTY chain for a woman, it would be okay. The seller however was nice enough to write me back about a refund (why I gave 2 stars,)but it was Christmas time and I was just too busy, so didn't get it done. <end>  Tiny  Tiny beads ... too tiny for my body size. Kept the product because I should have done more research before I purchased. If you are a small built lady or a teenager order and enjoy! <end>  VERY PRETTY  THE NECKLACE IS LOVELY, BUT I JUST DID NOT THE SIZE OF THE BEAD. THEY WERE TOO SMALL FOR MAY TASTE. HAD NO PROBLEM RETURNING. <end>  very pretty chain  Sorry I didn't get a slightly larger bead on the necklace, but it's so pretty i am keeping it anyway <end>  No complains. As described.  Nice chain. Probe confirms the quality of silver, not suspiciously too light like many silver products these days.. No complains. Arrived on time. <end>  Nice quality at a great price  This chain has a sturdy lobster claw clasp and I've worn it every day for three months and it's holding up very well. I will buy a few more at different lengths because the price is so great. <end>
 B000BMDPBI  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  greatly magnified  the beads are greatly magnified, so i paid $35 for a necklace suitable for a child <end>  Disappointing  I did not receive the chain that I ordered. The one that was shipped to me was another style entirely. When I sent an email to the company, they replied in an email telling me that I would have to have a specific form to return the chain, but that they were out of the forms and would send one later. Of course, I never heard from them again. I just gave up and used the chain they sent, even though it was not the one I ordered. There is nothing wrong with the chain - quality and design are fine - it just wasn't what I wanted. <end>
 B000BMDPD6  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  greatly magnified  the beads are greatly magnified, so i paid $35 for a necklace suitable for a child <end>  Disappointing  I did not receive the chain that I ordered. The one that was shipped to me was another style entirely. When I sent an email to the company, they replied in an email telling me that I would have to have a specific form to return the chain, but that they were out of the forms and would send one later. Of course, I never heard from them again. I just gave up and used the chain they sent, even though it was not the one I ordered. There is nothing wrong with the chain - quality and design are fine - it just wasn't what I wanted. <end>
 B000BMDPDG  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  greatly magnified  the beads are greatly magnified, so i paid $35 for a necklace suitable for a child <end>  Disappointing  I did not receive the chain that I ordered. The one that was shipped to me was another style entirely. When I sent an email to the company, they replied in an email telling me that I would have to have a specific form to return the chain, but that they were out of the forms and would send one later. Of course, I never heard from them again. I just gave up and used the chain they sent, even though it was not the one I ordered. There is nothing wrong with the chain - quality and design are fine - it just wasn't what I wanted. <end>
 B000BMDPGI  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great Quality!  Great quality sterling silver necklace and great price. Excellent customer service and super fast shipping. Look forward to making future purchases from Sabrina Silver! <end>  Beautiful!  This necklace is well made, has a nice weight, and arrived just as the seller described. I had been searching for some time for one like this, and I'm very pleased. Also the seller sent it out with lightning speed. <end>  Beautiful, High Quality Chain  The quality and size of this chain exceeds my expectations. It is gorgeous! Everything about this transaction was PERFECT!! <end>  great necklace  great necklace, a bit pricey!The fit is great, it goes with so much, had alot of people say how much they liked it. <end>  Beautiful Silver  This is a very good quality silver chain. I wear it 24 hrs a day and it is not only pretty but comfortable. I get so many compliments on it. <end>
 B000BMHTXS  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Lovely chain  This chain is just what I was looking for to use with a larger silver pendant. It's still as bright and shiny as the day I received it. And best of all...no rashes as it is nickel free as promised!I am very satisfied with this purchase! <end>  Nice but slightly different from description  I purchased this chain in part because the description and photo showed a lobster clasp, but it was instead a regular circular clasp. The chain itself is nice quality, but I wish that it were true to the description. <end>  Nickel Free Chain  I was very happy with this product. I use it with a medical alert tag and therefore wear it all the time. The fact that it was nickel free was necessary in this application. Also, the shipping was fast. Had the chain in about 4 days. <end>  Ball chain  Ordered two - never done this before. VERY happy with results. Love the ball chain, nickle free is a plus. This was so easy to do and turned out really well. Thanks. <end>  GOOD PURCHASE.....  Excellent quality... keep in mind that this chain has a sheen, meaning that it is not very reflective,but it is pure 925 silver... If you are looking for a chain that has more of a shine, you may want to go with silver with a different finish and or coating, or just plain stainless steel... I purchased the 18" chain, and am planning to purchase another , and wear both at the same time... has a great look,but not too much bling.... GREAT BUY!!! <end>  A great chain!  I'm so happy with this chain. It's beautiful, and great quality for an amazing price! <end>  Quality Product  This necklace is great, I bought it due to the fact my boyfriend would break out when wearing a standard dog tag chain. It works and feels more comfortable to him. <end>  Surgically precise  Surgically precise and you don' t even need a degree in medicine in order to make use of it. Looks just like in the picutre and it comes equipped with a lobster clasp. If it' s a nickel free, silver necklace you' re searching for then, look no further because this one is a keeper.  ) <end>  Very nice for the price.  I actually purchased this to be used as an ankle bracelet (it goes around my ankle twice). Excellent quality for the price!! <end>  LOVE IT  great product. just as pictured/described. i put a charm (that i already had) on it and wear it almost every day. <end>  Very Thin, Not for a man  Unfortunately, I am not savvy about thickness terminology, so I went by the photo. The photo must be magnified by a trillion. ha. This necklace is paper thin, and looks like it will not last long at all. The other reviewers who said they were getting this for a boyfriend? This is not a "guy" chain at all. The balls are teeny..it nowhere at all resembles those "dog-tag" chain type necklaces if that is what you are looking for. If you are looking for a nice DAINTY chain for a woman, it would be okay. The seller however was nice enough to write me back about a refund (why I gave 2 stars,)but it was Christmas time and I was just too busy, so didn't get it done. <end>  Tiny  Tiny beads ... too tiny for my body size. Kept the product because I should have done more research before I purchased. If you are a small built lady or a teenager order and enjoy! <end>  VERY PRETTY  THE NECKLACE IS LOVELY, BUT I JUST DID NOT THE SIZE OF THE BEAD. THEY WERE TOO SMALL FOR MAY TASTE. HAD NO PROBLEM RETURNING. <end>  very pretty chain  Sorry I didn't get a slightly larger bead on the necklace, but it's so pretty i am keeping it anyway <end>  No complains. As described.  Nice chain. Probe confirms the quality of silver, not suspiciously too light like many silver products these days.. No complains. Arrived on time. <end>  Nice quality at a great price  This chain has a sturdy lobster claw clasp and I've worn it every day for three months and it's holding up very well. I will buy a few more at different lengths because the price is so great. <end>
 B000BMHU5K  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not Great Quality  This necklace (which I bought as a gift) started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use. The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath. The whole thing was thrown away within six months. <end>
 B000BMMJLU  Blue CZ Stering Silver Fleur de Lis Earrings ||	  Topaz tear fleur de lis  More than I expected, what fun. I showed several people and they want their own. <end>
 B000BMMJNS  Sterling Silver Pave CZ Starfish Studs ||	  Love my starfish earrings  After reading the previous reviews I debated on buying these earrings. I am so glad I decided to give them a try. They look exactly like the picture and are so cute. I love them. <end>  Worst purchase ever!  I ordered these earrings to match a starfish necklace I purchased at JC Penney. They turned out to be garbage when I got them. First, the earrings aren't even the same. They don't match at all. One is bigger than the other and has the sterling silver stamp 925 on it but the other one doesn't. One looks all skinny and the other starfish is fatter. What a terrible purchase. I would have returned them but I figured there'd be issues since they tried to deliver my package and it somehow went astray. I had to call Eve's Addiction to find out what was going on. I will never order from them again. <end>  star earring (hold the fish)  Take the title literally. Yes there nice, and decent quality but not what i expected from the picture. The tips of the "starfish" don't bend to the side like a starfish looks like, or as pictured. So they look like regular-old star earrings. <end>
 B000BMOQOS  Sterling Silver Closed Roman Numeral Ring ||	  Cheap looking  Eves Addiction is a very good retailer. I would buy from them again...just not this ring. I bought this for my wife but when she got it she was very dissapointed. The quality of this ring is pretty poor. We returned it. <end>
 B000BMOR1U  Elegant Sapphire and CZ Tennis Bracelet ||	  beautiful!!!!!  Stunning little bracelet! It is on the larger size, but that doesn't bother me like it has some reviewers. <end>  The size was just right  After I ordered this item, friends told me that often times one cannot properly estimate the size of the gems by the fotograph and most of us have no idea how to breack down the total carat weight for the bracelet into the specific gem size. But the size of the saphires is nice, and the overall effect is wonderful. <end>
 B000BNZQOQ  Gold plated belly button ring with Clear Gemstones ||	  dont waste your money  the product arrived quickly, but away it farnished and caused infection! dont waste your money. <end>
 B000BO1NEM  Sterling Silver Mesh Love Knot Necklace ||	  good product  I bought this present as a gift for my girlfriend. She liked it alot. The reason i bought this one was because it is smaller than the others offered, which is nice when you have a smaller person it is going on. I would recommend this product. <end>
 B000BO7F26  Sterling Silver Color Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 3 mm Black Square 1/5 cttw ||	  My favorite earring  Goes with everything. The price was right and the size is perfect. I need to order some more. <end>  Beatuiful Earrings  I ordered these for my nieces as a fun gift for Christmas. They loved them! They have worn them everyday since Christmas and have not taken them out yet. They arrived in only 2 days! Great service and great product. <end>
 B000BO7F2G  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 4 mm Black Color 3/4 cttw ||	  Black Beauty  I was looking for something simple for my niece and here it is!black is mysterious,easy to match,looked great at any time of the day,good cut and light.As black diamond is not easy to find,this is very similar,they sparkled as well and at a reasonable price setted in sterling silver. <end>  Small but mighty  I ordered a pair of these along with the cubic zirconia. When they arrived I didn't realize how small they were. But upon examination, they look sturdy and well made. They are perfect for everyday wear. The sterling silver backing did not react to my skin. The price was perfect. Sabrina Silver shipped my order promptly and I received the earrings within 3 days. Since they were very small, nice touch putting both of them in the same box. <end>  great  These are great little earrings! I mainly use them in my 2nd peircing in my ears. They're not too big & not too small. <end>
 B000BOWPZI  Cognac Amber Strand Necklace ||	  Not the quality that I was expecting, but some redeeming qualities.  The beads on this necklace are very small and lightweight; they feel like plastic beads rather than stones. The necklace is also very short, so in general it reminds me of a little girl's play jewelry. However, with the right look it is still cute - just don't expect high quality. I do like the color. Also an important note  I almost returned this because I thought it had no clasp and it wouldn't fit over any adult's head. When I looked more closely, I noticed that two of the beads screw together and this is how it opens. That works to my advantage because I have an allergy to a lot of metal clasps, so for me the feature is a plus. If you have metal allergies, this necklace will work for you. <end>
 B000BP5FLS  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Paula from SC  I was very pleased with this purchase. It far exceeded my expectations. The most appealing thing about this necklace is the flexability . It lays so pretty on the neck. This is my second purchase of this product. I gave a friend one for a gift and she loves it. <end>  Absolutely stunning!  What an incredible necklace! Such a brilliant polish! As an added bonus, it's nickel free! <end>  Great Necklace  Great item. My wife had one that we bought for around $50 at the mall and it had her breaking out in a rash.This item is nickel free. She has been wearing it since before Christmas and loves it. <end>
 B000BP7A48  10 KT Yellow Gold Toering Cubic Zirconia Heart Toe Ring ||	  Nice ring.  Before the increase in gold price, this ring would have much cheaper. Still, the price was not bad at all. It is a thin ring, but reasonably sturdy. It adjusts to the size of the toe well. It stays in place wherever desired. I saw rings from other vendors on Amazon. Those rings were not that much different, yet the prices were much, much higher. Nice ring. I am pleased. <end>
 B000BP8OLG  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Pretty and comfortable but too narrow for me  I'm petite with a small wrist; I thought this bracelet was pretty but, surprisingly, too narrow for my liking. I prefer the 5.5 mm width bracelet in the same style. Someone wanting a narrow bracelet will like this. This bracelet would also look good layered with other fairly thin bracelets. <end>  very upset  i ordered this for my wife and were supposed to get it by the 11th. its the 12th and well its still in transit. im very upset that i was told a date and its been exceeded. everything else i have ordered has came early. i dont understand! <end>  Good transaction  This was shipped promptly and it was everything the seller said it was. I'm very pleased with the necklace and hope to do more business with them.Judy <end>
 B000BP8OP2  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 10.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  All about Bling  I was looking for a nice SS herringbone all over the internet and I never could find one that suited me. One was too small or was the wrong length. I did a search on herringbone necklaces and I was surprised when Amazon popped up on the screen. I didn't know Amazon had THE BLING I WANTED. The necklace is everything & more of the description. I LOVE IT AND I AM HAPPY WITH THE PIECE. <end>  Great piece of jewelry  This order of a herringbone necklace was quickly fulfilled and the merchandise is wonderful!! Many compliments have been received for this gift - from total strangers. Good job. <end>
 B000BQ1RSC  Pugster Size 7 Triple Flower Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  Love this ring  This ring is exactly what I was looking for as far as style, size, color, etc...plus I think it's cute. I was most pleased that is has a solid, quality, feel to it. I was worried it would feel cheap and tinny. I've been wearing it daily since I got it, and it is very comfortable. Came nicely packaged too. <end>
 B000BQ79QG  Sterling Silver 9" 9.5" 10" Length Adjustable Anklet Made with Swarovski Elements Blue Faux Pearl ||	  Sterling Silver & Pearl Anklet  This anklet is absolutely beautiful and prettier in person! I ordered it for my best friend's daughter's wedding, and she loves it! Everything about it is absolutely perfect! A gorgeous piece! <end>  Received many compliments!  I love this ankle bracelet! I don't even realize that I'm wearing it, it's so lightweight, but very sturdy! It's a pretty delft blue color, and neutral enough to go with any fashion. Don't hesitate with this one!! <end>  Strong Yet Elegant  This is lovely, it is simple yet pretty. Surprisingly strong. I've had it for a month or two with no problems (no the blue of the faux pearls hasn't chipped off at all).It is a versatile item, a simple change from casual lounging around to a discreet addition to a more professional setting. One other plus is that unlike many other anklets with charms constantly hitting against your ankle or with sharp crystals digging into it, you hardly notice it's there.I would recommend it. It's worth the price. <end>  Ankle Bracelet  This is the prettiest ankle bracelet I've ever seen.You could NEVER find it in a store and if you did,it would be 5x the price. The blue pearls are justbeautiful and the sterling silve very shiny.Couldn't be happier and would recomment to everyone.Very fast shipping and nice gift box.Thanks to Amazon ! <end>  Gift  This is a wedding gift for my sister to wear under her dress (it will be her something blue  ) ). I love the way it looks and I think it will be perfect! But I haven't worn it or anything since it is not for me. <end>
 B000BQ7Y48  Top Dangle Pink Butterfly Guitar Belly Ring ||	  Cute  This is an item that is even prettier than shown. I purchased it as a gift for one of my granddaughters and she just loved it and couldn't wait to put it on.I have been extremely pleased with all my purchases from Amazon. <end>  Do not order this belly ring!  What you see in the picture is not what you get!My mom ordered this for my daughter for Xmas. We received it really quickly but when we looked at it we were shocked how little it resembled the picture.The metal was not nearly as smooth and where it dangles was really stiff.The butterfly looked nothing like a butterfly and the gems looked really cheap and glued on.I had thought it was a great deal when I really just got what I paid for on this one.Then she opened it put it on and it broke 30 minutes later.The guitar broke right off.I've learned my lesson and I won't buy body jewelry online and I'll never buy from this company again.Take it from me and go buy your jewelry from a store so you don't get ripped off like I did. <end>
 B000BQJ7J8  Pugster Pearl Ring Sterling Silver ||	  I love this ring!  It was really as expected and seen in the Amazon page. It's very cute and seems more expensive than it is. I really love this ring!!! <end>
 B000BQJGFS  Handmade Style Forest Green Ribbon Bangle Bracelet with Sequin Crystal Beads ||	  BEAUTIFUL, NOT PRACTICAL  IT MOST CERTINLY IS PRETTY; BUT IT HANGS ON ALL MY CLOTHES. WOULD NOT BUY IT OR ANYTHING LIKE IT AGAIN. REGARDS,DH <end>
 B000BQLE26  Sterling Silver 9" 9.5" 10" Length Adjustable Anklet Made with Swarovski Elements Faux Pearl and Crystal ||	  Perfect! Just as shown.  I love pearls and I love silver so this is a perfect anklet for all of your summer whites. I have small ankles so being able to adjust the size is great.Gem Avenue service is good as well. <end>
 B000BR6AZQ  Magnetic Therapy Wrap Style Hematite Pearl and Lucite Beaded Coil Bracelet ||	  Ordered this weeks ago  I ordered this bracelet weeks ago, still haven't received it. Not what I was expecting since another reviewer stated that the seller had fast shipping. I have arthritis and will be trying it out for joint pain. I cant comment on the quality of it since its still floating around somewhere, but I will certainly when/if I ever recieve it. UPDATE-once I received this, it was gorgeous. It seems my local post office lost the package. It's a little small and sometimes leaves marks on my arm but i think with wear it will loosen up <end>  beautiful  great item, fast shipping. thank you! I bought this for a Christmas gift and when I saw it I wanted to order another for myself! you can't beat the price for such a beautiful bracelet. <end>  Very nice bracelet  I bought this bracelet for my mom because she has arthritis so i bought this one for her. The first time i saw it wow it so pretty i think my mom would like it so much. I receive it 2 days late but its ok because mom really happy when i gave it to her. It goes to any type of outfit casual or formal and she receive many compliment when she wears it.I`m so happy with this product. <end>
 B000BR9M8I  Brooche - bro0133 - green ||	  Better in person.  Normally I am skeptical about jewelry like products. I purchased this as a gift for my mother to match a dress I made for her. This really is quite lovely. The color is well done and the latch is easy to work. <end>
 B000BRMYJC  Elegant Sterling Silver Antique Scroll Ring ||	  So pretty...  this is such a pretty ring! I first ordered it in a 9, I wanted it for my pointer finger. I've sent it back and ordered the 8. They don't sell 1/2 sizes. That is kinda annoying because the 8and 1/2 would have been perfect! But, I can wear this on the intended finger if I'm not hot. It has a great shine and the swirls are nice. This company is easy to work with... They need to offer 1/2 sizes! <end>
 B000BRO6AW  Clear Glass Plug set 6 Gauge ||	  great looking worth the money  This looks great, worth the money, shipped very quickly, and is just some great earrings. Does not weight as much as i thought it would because it was full glass but thats good. I dropped them and not a scratch or crack! so happy <end>
 B000BRXWOI  Scalloped Aurora Borealis Swarovski Crystal Drop Pendant Necklace ||	  Amazing Serice  This necklace is absolutely beautiful. It was exactly the way the picture shows it. The seller kept me informed every step of the way during the shipping process. I accidently gave them the wrong address and they worked with me to get it shipped to the correct address. It shipped very fast. I am just so impressed with this seller. I will definately buy from them again. <end>
 B000BRXXPG  Stylish .925 Sterling Silver Ring Garnet Gemstone Floral Band Size 6 ||	  Gorgeous!  I loved it the minute I opened the cute little box. Just what I wanted and expected. <end>
 B000BS3IL4  1.75 carat Solitaire CZ Ring with Gorgeous Detailed Sides ||	  Looks like a million bucks, and also could be improved  I really enjoy this ring. The level of detail is really nice, and continues all the way around the ring on both the sides and the face of the band. I've gotten a lot of comments on this ring, I think in part because the vintage look of it sets it apart from other flashier cocktail rings. I think it's more believable that it could be real if I got it from my grandmother, know what I mean?  ) (I haven't lied about it yet, but I think I could get away with it if I did, the ring is pretty nice!) Actually the more I think about it, I really love this ring. I wish my wardrobe measured up to my fake jewelry!  )My one little thing about it, is I don't love the look of the rhodium plating or sealing, or whatever, there seems to be some kind of coating on the metal that makes it look just a little bit dull. And also, perhaps because the ring is so detailed, if you look at it up close (like if someone were to hold your hand still for a second and look at the ring), some of the detail work gets a little clumsy and the prongs on the smaller stones look a little bit mashed. But this is probably just me being too fussy, it's really not noticeable except to me. Overall the ring is quite beautiful, and I'm satisfied that I made a good choice.Also be aware that the ring does sit fairly high. This is nice because the stone can shine properly since it doesn't rest on your skin (i've had other rings that didn't have enough clearance), but it's just something to be aware of. The 'alternate view' photos of the ring adequately show how high the ring goes on the sides, but do take a second and look at them.Now I just have to get a fake engagement ring! Ha ha. Enjoy! <end>
 B000BSLXH0  Blue Pearl Bracelet (length  7") ||	  not like the picture  I only own a few pieces of jewelry and was hoping to add this supposedly beautiful piece to my collection as a treat, but the bracelet looks cheap, the pearls fake, uniform, grayer with much less luster than in the picture. The concept was nice, but the actual item doesn't showcase it. The cost of shipping was more than the actual item itself and returning it is going to cost me another $8.50 so I'm not going to bother. Do not recommend the item unless you can get it for cheaper than 75% off and possibly directly at the source so you don't have to pay for shipping.The items bracelet arrived in small box, a lilac package in a pool of Styrofoam cheetos. Ordered on the 19th, received it on the 22nd so at least it was a speedy delivery especially since it was standard. <end>
 B000BSWB6M  Purple-White-Black Bazooka Stripe Banana Belly Ring ||	  Good  Nice, good value for the money, just be careful to not screw the ball on too tight, it can split as the balls are plastic and the bar is metal. <end>
 B000BSWBCQ  Top Dangle Crystalline Gem HANDCUFFS Belly Ring ||	  Very Cool but did not last  The transaction was great, and the product was very attractive, but was not very durable.The handcuffs and chains came off within 2 weeks of wearing the product.I would definitely use this vendor again, though I would not buy that particular belly ring again. <end>
 B000BSY4FI  Triple Solar Blue Butterflly Cabachon Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Love this butterfly  I love this pretty blue butterfly. It's not too long or delicate but very feminine <end>
 B000BSZBAU  Aquamarine Gem ROSE ZIPPER Belly Ring ||	  Lovely  I was looking for unique Belly button jewelry for my wife and sent her this based on the other review, the bar (according to her) is a little long so she swapped the head and ball with another, but LOVES it and has gotten repeated compliments! <end>
 B000BT3OOY  14K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Heart Pendant with Chain ||	  Beautiful pendant, and I got it free!  This pendant is absolutely gorgeous, and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site  awesomestufffree.com/jewelry <end>
 B000BTAGFY  Classic Shiny Ball Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Drop Earrings ||	  Cute Silver Earrings  These simple silver earrings go with everything. They are lightweight and comfortable to wear. <end>  Gorgeous!  I recieved these yesterday and they are gorgeous. I took them right out of the mailbox and put them on right away. I have not taken them off. I even slept in them comfortably. They pretty large and noticeable which I like. Highly recommend. <end>  Classic Silver  I had been looking for this type of earring for a long time. Amazon never fails when I want something specific. These earrings are perfect for any occasion, any oufit, they can be a real signature item. You won't be disappointed if you buy this pair! <end>
 B000BTC71A  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  funky + elegant  Because there was no review when I made the purchase, I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into. Since I had quite a few very positive experiences with Gem Avenue products, I decided to give them a try. The earrings far surpassed my expectation when I received them! They look nice in the picture, but they are even more beautiful in real life! The crystals are more sparkly than they appear in the picture. Really beautiful. Can dress up or down with them. They are very light, which I love. They are currently my favorite pair of earrings and I have quite a nice collection of earrings. <end>
 B000BTE4H0  Elegant Sterling Silver Hearts French Wire 2" Long Dangle Earrings ||	  heart dangle earrings  These were a gift for my sons girlfriend. They are perfect for teenagers. Adorable. <end>  Beautiful earrings, but they are not as pictured.  These are gorgeous earrings both in the picture and in my hand, but they don't look exactly the same. The earrings pictured have a black heart, while the actual earrings are all sterling silver. The end result is a bit fancier, but still quite nice. <end>
 B000BTLARM  Southwest Spirit .925 Sterling Silver Necklace Extender Set ||	  Necklace extenders  These were a well needed item in my jewelry armoire. They have worked beautifully with most of my necklaces. The only challenges I've had were on necklace clasps that have a skinny oval shape. The round clasps on the extenders ends are too big to fit through the ovals. Needless to say they rest right where the lever piece goes in and out of the clasp.I use 4 of the five as I'm not a wearer of gold. I like the variety of sizes and the various looks I can get with my necklaces.Also, the extenders come individually packaged in their own plastic bags with anti-tarnish paper. The 5 bags are placed in a neat "burlap-esque" teal pouch which is then packaged in a teal gift box with cotton padding. I was very impressed with the packaging.A helpful hint  I measured each extender and wrote the size on the outside of the bag so I knew which was which. <end>  Silver necklace extender set - very nice!  This set of extenders for necklaces was just what I needed. I have a variety of necklaces that were just too short to wear comfortably - I'd been looking for extenders for some time - found this set on Amazon. The different lengths of extenders offer lots of flexibility. Great product. <end>  Picture is misleading - links are very large!  I ordered this expecting that the links would be fairly small from the picture. They aren't, the links on each of the extenders are very large, and don't match any other jewelry I own. They'll do what they're supposed to do, but they're not as I expected at all. If you don't mind large links, then you shouldn't have any issues with this product. <end>  Great price for a great product!  This was a great value for the set of necklace extenders! I looked other places and I could get 1 extender for the price I paid for 5! I like the fact that I can leave the extender on the necklace rather than having to take it off everytime. <end>  Best invention  I would like to shake the person's hand that evented the jewelry extenders for necklaces. I am a plus size woman and also have enlarged thyroid which makes my neck even larger. I am FINALLY able to buy the pretty little necklaces that hang just at the base of your neck you see everyone wearing. Thanks to whomever made this remarkable discovery. I am loving not having to worry about a necklace not fitting me anymore. <end>  Wonderful!  These are just what I was looking for. They work perfectly and have fit every necklace I've tried to use them on. (I had read that sometimes the extension's clasps don't fit with the necklace's clasp and therefore can't be used. This has not been my experience.) I love them! <end>  good quality, but large loops  This is a good product overall. My only issue is that the links are much larger than most necklaces I have, so it shows more if my hair is up or it slides to the front. It would be nice if there was a set with smaller links. Otherwise, great product quality. <end>  Must have for necklaces!  I love this set- All different sizes and the links are very nice. I love having the ability to adjust my necklaces and I guess I have a big neck, as the average necklace size of 16=18 inches is too small for many looks. Again I am very happy, fast shipping as well and nicely packaged!  ) <end>  Lovely  Lovely item, lovely packaging. Not decorative links, very simple but as an extender, nothing more is needed. So completely useful and allows me to wear all the jewelry I've been avoiding. <end>  Watch out! Caution! Junk!  Item is Junk. Service is bunk. Need a zero star.Sorry to tell you, but this is JUNK! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME, EFFORT OR MONEY ON THIS TRASH.The extension I used for just under 2 hours dropped my necklace on the ground like a rock. Luckily, I wasinsightful enough to test it at home, and did not lose my necklace. Returned faulty items and was charged aHEFTY 20% restocking fee for this trash. thanks alot Amazon, thanks alot Carolyn Pollack Jewelry. Thanks for NOTHING!I will never buy anything from Carolyn Pollack Jewelry AGAIN!!!! <end>  The gold one tarnished...  ... after wearing it just twice. It is not true vermeil - gold-plated silver. It looks more like cheap metal underneath.Not worth it. <end>  good value for the $$  I have several necklaces that came with short chains--most of them are 14K white gold. To order a 14K extender would cost $30, so the sterling silver is behind your neck and who sees it??? Definitely worth it! <end>  sacgirl2  These links came in very handy. perfect to extend a necklace that I received as a gift that I really did not want to return because it was too short. I love the multiple lengths and colors. I will use them a lot. <end>  just what I wanted  The perfect product for those of us with larger necks. I can now make my too-tight necklaces fit how I want them, choosing which extender to use.Very prompt service, nice packaging, quality product. I would buy this again. <end>  Works good, nice variety  These are decent quality and do the job. The variety of lengths is great. I wish they were a little heavier. <end>  Nice variety  This is a nice set of chain extenders. There is a good variety of different chains and lengths to use for any necklace. They make any necklace easy to wear with whatever outfit you are accenting. <end>  Choose your Link  These are excellent extenders that provide good choices for your necklaces. They are light as well as sturdy and to be able to choose a length is great! I would like to see this variety in stainless steel as well. A variety of different lengths from one inch to 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. for bracelets as well as necklaces. THANK YOU ALL! <end>  Extenders  These are very useful items, which are very versatile. I would however like to suggest that the supplier consider to manufacture a thicker extender as well as this would could be used on the thicker types of necklaces or bracelets <end>  Eminently useful!  Great selection of sizes! Excellent quality, beautifully packaged. Arrived quickly. Would definitely deal with this vendor again! <end>  Great Product & Great Service  I have to say that this was my first purchase and it was a good one. Originally I ordered the set and waited for it to be delivered. There must have been a problem with the delivery because I never received it. I contacted the merchant who was very responsive and sent out another set immediately. I received the set a few days later and it is great. The great thing about the set is that with so many different links you can utilize them with several different types of jewelry. So service and the set are great! <end>  Chain Extenders  A practical and very neccessary item for anyone who has had to forgo wearing a bracelet because it is too small or difficult to fasten. Chains were carefully packaged and arrived in a timely manner. <end>  good  did what i wanted it to do.....wish there had been more gold colored ones but......loved the different lengths <end>  Great Chains  I love this extender set, as I have many necklaces that are 16 or 17" long, which is a little too short for me. I use them on bracelets, too.Excellent value, good catches, good price. <end>  Great Deal On Sterling Silver Necklace Extender Set  I had originally ordered the set for a family member. I was very impressed when I received the order in the mail. The quality was first rate and there were enough extenders to share and also keep as a back up.You can't go wrong with this product. <end>  Good product  These extenders fit the bill. They came quickly & are very versatile. I'm very happy with them. <end>  Great product for the price  Purchased as a gift for my neice and was a little disappointed when I opened the package. But my neice loved it and thought it was perfect. And that's all that matters. <end>  sterling silver necklace extenders  Arrived quickly and it was just what I wanted!! I was very pleased with thiain.s company and will definitely do business with them again. <end>  extenders  Merchandise took much too long for delivery! - 3 weeks too long after promised date. Elaborate packaging for item.Book ordered on the same day came very promptly. <end>
 B000BUGSP0  Dark Green Jade Teardrop with CZ Accents Sterling Silver Pendant with 18" Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Cheap Looking  This item looks like it was purchased from a Dime Store. The jade is scratched and dull. The silver is poorly constructed around the jade. I would not recommend this item. <end>
 B000BUHBYW  14K Yellow Gold Clasp Cultured Freshwater Pearl Necklace ||	  Beautiful, elegant and classy.  I bought these pearls to replace a strand I recieved as a gift from my father and were lost. I would never tell my dad this, but these pearls are much nicer than the ones he got for me. They are round, but slightly flat on each side, so they fit together on the strand tightly. The enamel and luster of the pearls are also very impressive. Suitable to wear at work (in an office) and still classy enough to wear with a nice dress. <end>
 B000BUMWN2  14k Two-Tone 10" 2.0mm Saturn Link Anklet - Lobster-claw - JewelryWeb ||	  anklet  This is a beautiful anklet, but it is not strong enough to be worn around the ankle. I broke mine after a month or two. anklets need to be sturdy. <end>
 B000BUMZMK  Sterling Silver 10mm Green Jade Gemstone 7.5 inch Bracelet With Secure Latch Clasp ||	  Nice but not real  The bracelet is very nice in appearance. Very light. The jade is most certainly not real. It is very dark green and feels more like plastic. The clasp is also very weak and comes undone easily, occasionally snatches on fibers on a sweater. I wanted genuine jade and after looking more online it is much more expensive. However, since the bracelet is so light, it is very comfortable to wear and you almost can not feel it. <end>  beautiful but...  It is a beautiful piece however the shade of green is slightly darker than the photo. For the price its quality is great. <end>  beautiful, speedy delivery  I bought this as a gift for my Mother. She was very pleased. Fast shipping and great service. Pleasure doing business with you. <end>  Jade Bracelet  It is okay to have I was not happy with the shade I got to match another piece of Jade necklace that I have though. <end>  jade bracelet  Very beautiful piece...the shade of green is just stunning!!! I love it, thank you for the beautiful design that I will treasure forever!!! <end>
 B000BUPSR4  SCER074 Sterling Silver Rare Color Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  I love these!  Looking at the picture of these earrings, you'd never know how brilliant they shine! They are a rare color of Swarovski crystal as advertised. They almost look like liquid mercury at times. I really like the lever backs on them because it secures the earrings so they aren't lost so easily, and I lose at least one of every pair of "regular" hook earrings!I love them and they go perfectly with the Swarovski pendant! <end>  SPARKLE  The quality of these earrings is amazing! The crystals sparkle with beautiful colors, and the sterling silver is very nice. Service was very prompt. My package arrived in 3 days. Great service. Thanks!!!!!!! <end>  attention getters  These earrings are very unique, and unusual. I get a lot of compliments when I wear them. I have suggested the website to some of my co-workers that are interested in buying some of their own. They are the perfect length,I can wear them with almost anything. <end>  the coating...  I agree with the review about the coating, my earrings actually had the coating on the front side so unless I wear them backwards people will only see the coating and not really the rare color swarovsky crystal. Also, that rare color is really hard to coordinate with many outfits. It goes with silver and light gray, that's it. However, I have really loved all the other earrings I've order from Gem Avenue. <end>  BEAUTIFUL EARRINGS  THESE EARRINGS ARE JUST GORGEOUS.THEY ARE MORE BEAUITFUL THAN THE PICTURE SHOWS. EVERYONE SHOULD BUY A PAIR. <end>  not bad...  They didn't come out quite as sparkly as I was expecting but their understated tone actually fits me better, anyway... <end>  Love It!  I purchased these earrings and just love them! They are very brilliant and reflective of any color in any lighting. I am a huge fan of Sawarski crystal. I think the earrings are beautiful. <end>  Not Splendid or Rare!!!  Well I don't think so!!! The write up seems a bit OTT as well as the two reviews prior to this... Nice yes - splendid - I don't think so.... <end>  coating  These earrings have a coating on the back in order to reflect the light(silver/metal coating like a mirror has painted on it.)and give the sparkle. The problem is that the crystal turns and people get to see the silver coating. Doesn't matter which ear I place them in either, it eventually turns on you. I bought a pair of yellow ones and really like them. They do not have the coating on the back of the crystal.I did not return them, but I would not recommend these. <end>  ABsolutely beautiful!  If you want a subtle piece of jewelry that will get attention, this is it! I have gotten more compliments and questions from strangers when I wear these (earrings and pendant) than I have from all the Swarovski jewelry I have created and worn. This is a very different color than I have ever worked with; it appears as if two sides only are 2x AB and the other two aren't - quite unusual which makes it fun. <end>  Lovely and elegant  Very elegant. I bought these earrings as a xmas gift. That was a mistake, I wanted them for myself-- HA !! They are absolutely lovely. So, hopefully I can order them again soon for me. The recipient loved them. Very different and can be worn with anything from an elegant party dress to jeans! Look more expensive then they are, and that is a plus. Gem Ave. does have some amazing jewelry! <end>  Fire and Ice.  Earrings are truly beautiful. Product is much more than I expected. Lots of sparkle and dance but in marvelous taste. <end>  Very upset.  I received these earrings today and was very dissatisfied. They look very cheap. You can get better earrings for this price at any store or on Amazon. I will be returning them and I am glad I didn't get the pendant. I also got another pair that I am very happy with. I would not recommend this item. <end>  love ,love, love  i recieved these earrings along with the pendant today. very pretty.i reccomend these highly. you won't regret this purchase <end>  Mine! All Mine!  These are BEAUTIFUL earrings! I'm stationed in Afghanistan as a civilian and wanted to be able to feel "pretty" and these really do the job! They're fabulous! I've gotten SO many compliments on them!!! <end>  I received these as a gift for Christmas, I absolutely love them.  I love these sparkling earrings. They are a beautiful color, and the silver just adds to it. I receive many compliments every time I wear them. I would recommend these to anyone. I wear them with jeans and a sweater, or when dressed up. <end>  cute  They look exactly like the picture in person. It does have a reflective material towards that back that others may see because they rotate, but it is just like a mirror and isn't really noticeable. I haven't have anyone notice it.They are not heavy, a little hard for me to get in due to the shape but that may be due to the fact that I normally don't wear earrings, due to my work. <end>  Beautiful crystal  Earrings are absolutely beautiful. They are even more attractive than the picture makes them out to be. All sides shine and they are the perfect size. I bought them to go with the matching pendant. Both products are a great value and very reasonably priced. By buying both at the same time I saved extra money! I've had quite a few compliments every time I wear the set. Amazon was very prompt in shipping these two products. <end>
 B000BUPVGM  10k White Gold 20 Inch X .8 mm Box Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  good product and service  I received the necklace quickly and it is very good quality. I am very pleased with it. <end>
 B000BUPVGW  10k Yellow Gold 20" 0.6 mm Box Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  gold chain  i am very satisfied with my purchase. i used to work in a jewely store and knew how much this particular chain should cost. so, i looked in several jewelry stores before i purchased this necklace (they were pretty pricey in the stores) so i decided to look online thru amazon.com because i have purchased with them before and have had good luck. i will be buying from them again. <end>  Gift  This was a great gift. The person I got it for loved it. Great quality! <end>  chain  broke after less than 2 weeks - too fine, no strength, would not recommend for use with any pendant - so what's the point? <end>
 B000BUR5RK  Aurora Double Gem Straight Eyebrow Ring - 3mm Balls ||	  Cute but...  This is a cute eyebrow ring and for the price it was ok but I bought it with the hope of seeing the pretty Aurora gem from a distance. Not so much... the balls are small which make the gem even smaller and unless you look really close and right at it you might hardly know it was an aurora gem at all. <end>
 B000BUR5SE  18 Gauge 5/16 Aquamarine Double Gem Eyebrow Ring 3mm ||	  LOVELY !  I would of liked to pay a little less for shipping but for what I paid for the item, I guess makes it up. This is a very nice and very small barbell for an eyebrow. The one I had in before was very bulky and dull, this one is great ! <end>
 B000BURMUA  Sterling Silver Gothic EYEBALL Cross Skull Ring size 11(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  my favorite ring  I get a lot of questions about this. and a few comments about how "scary" it is. its my favorite of all rings. after about 6+ months of wearing though, the eye came out from everyday use. The reason i'm still giving it a five is because i just used super glue to fix right up and its stronger than ever.just like other pewter rings dont step on these, lol. i broke two of my other ones that way, but by just wearing them they are great.i'd give this one 4.5 for quality due to the eye coming out after 6 mounths. but like i said, it was easily fixed <end>  Love this creepy eyeball ring!  This ring rocks! I often wear it with a skeleton watch for an extra, full-bodied creepy effect...I get a lot of looks, questions and comments--Guys, makes a great ice-breaker...Gals, scares away wimps!What more could you ask for besides a few billion bucks to get bailed outby our govt.? The way I'm spending...I ought to be there in 2010![I hope!?] And HEY-If I do, the eyeball rings are on me!Additionally--it goes great with tattoos, piercings, and dreadlocks! [if you're in to that sort of thing...]. <end>
 B000BUT71M  SCER072 Sterling Silver Clear Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Highly recommended!  Swarovski has been making crystal jewelry since 1892, and their consistent quality has kept the company going through wars and the rise and fall of empires. These excellent earrings are made of sterling silver and Swarovski crystals, and are quite attractive. If you are looking for some nice, crystal and silver earrings, then these are the ones to get.By the way, they look great when combined with the Heart, Star and Starburst crystal tattoos - which I also highly recommend!(Review of Fantasy Clear Swarovski Cube Crystal Sterling Silver French Ear Wire Hook 2.5" Long Dangle Earrings) <end>  CHEAP  I found out the hard way that Swarovski Jewelry and &#34; SWAROVSKI ELEMENTS&#34; are 2 totally different things. Of course it would cost me half as much as they cost to ship them back so I guess I am stuck. <end>  SPARKLY  GEM AVENUE HAS A FINE SELECTION OF SWAROVSKI JEWELRY. THESE ARE NO EXCEPTION. THEY ARE JUST THE RIGHT LENGTH, AND GO BEAUTIFULLY WITH GEM AVENUES SWAROVSKI CUBE EARRING-BRACELET-NECKLACE SET. IF YOU LIKE SWAROVSKI, AND LIKE TO WEAR A LITTLE SPARKLE THAN BUY BUY BUY. YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTEDSilver Clear Swarovski Crystal Bracelet Earrings 14" to 24" Necklace Jewelry Set <end>  Beautiful Dangle Earrings  I love my Swarovski Cube Crystal earrings. They're very pretty and I get compliments on them whenever I wear them. <end>  Great looking earrings  Earrings look good, very sparkly. Wish they had lever backs instead of french wires. Otherwise they are perfect! Can be worn dressy or casual. <end>  It's OK...  I bought these for my birthday last year and I wasn't too thrilled to wear them. The crystals are larger than I had imagined. They are also coated with a layer of something that enhanced the coloring. I gave them to my sister-in-law instead. They were EXTREMELY sparkling under the sun light. I thought it attracted too much attention, but you might like them... <end>
 B000BUUPFE  Lavendar Gem Bone Fish Scale Barbell Eyebrow Ring ||	  I'm happy  with this purchase. It's very cute. It came in good shape and it was mailed fast. <end>
 B000BUV0S0  Sterling Silver CZ Starfish Pendant ||	  Absolutely Gorgeous  I got this to replace one that I had bought in Cape Cod (the store where I had bought that one closed and I had lost a couple of stones from it) and it's the closest thing I could find to that one. It sparkles beautifully! <end>  Love this necklace!  This is my 3rd starfish necklace - the 1st two I ordered directly through the company and then I decided to order this one through Amazon (first 2 broke within a few months). Essentially, it's the same "charm" but the necklace from Amazon is a MUCH better quality necklace. I've never cleaned it and wear it all the time and it always looks shiny - I get a lot of compliments on it! <end>  Just as I expected..  I can't wear any jewelry with nickel in it because my skin is a bit picky.. I ordered this because I saw it was Sterling Silver and looked pretty cute. It arrived exactly as pictured and hasn't irritated my skin at all. I was excited about that because I had ordered from another place online that claimed their jewelry was nickel free but my skin told me otherwise. LolThis is pretty easy to clean with just any old cleaner for Sterling Silver.. I wondered if it would be hard to get in the little crevices but it wasn't. I would recommend this pendant. <end>
 B000BUV1OS  Sterling Silver Baguette Cut CZ Wedding Band ||	  Horrible, horrible!!!  I purchased this item from Eve's Addiction and it was a piece of crap!!! That's being kind...The stones were about to fall out, the setting was very, very uneven and what really bothered me more than anything else is that included in the package there's the signature of the person who claimed to have verified the quality or integrity of the product before packaging...I don't know what word would qualify to describe such a person because this was just an insult to me as a customer.I would never ever purchase anything from them or their affiliates again. They do not even include a return sticker as most of their competitors. Please do not waste your hard earned money!!! <end>  Love this ring  I ordered the Kim Kardashian engagement ring first from Eve's Addiction and asked them to inspect it, it's perfect. Then I decided to order the CZ eternity band that matches it and asked them to also inspect it...I am VERY happy with my choice...all of the stones are in tight, nothing seems to be loose. I would recommmend Eve's Addiction to anybody. <end>
 B000BUVN5U  Sterling Silver & CZ Libra Zodiac Pendant ||	  Great piece!  I ordered this necklace for myself, found via a web search for "Libra necklace silver." I was NOT disappointed. The quality of the charm and chain exceed the very reasonable price for this piece. I did not expect the chain to be connected to the charm, rather than be laced through it to allow it to slide along the chain - but the "up" side of that is that the clasp will always stay where it should be - out of view. Would highly recommend! <end>
 B000BUWDC2  Sterling Silver Pave CZ Starfish Pendant ||	  Such bling!  This beautiful sterling silver starfish pendant looks very expensive and I receive compliments each time I wear it. Eve's Addiction was very prompt with the delivery. I have since ordered more from this vendor. I chose the 18" necklace. I'm very pleased! <end>  Absolutely love it!  This is such a beautiful piece! It sparkles just right.   )I really love it and get complimented on it every time I wear it. <end>  Exact Starfish pendant I was seeking found -  My niece had wanted a starfish pendant with bling quality, but classy - this was perfect - she loved it. The price and quality can not be beat and service was excellent! <end>
 B000BUY5VE  Fleur de Lis Crown Tiara Pave CZ Ring ||	  worth the money  I saw these on Mamzon and had to have them. I purchased four Eve's addiction products and was overwhelmed with the quality for the price. Heavy weight and very sparkly and thier styles are very feminine. I will continue to purchase thier products in the future. <end>  Pleasant  Item was appreciated by my spouse on her birthday. It came early and as described. <end>  Loved It!  I bought one for myself and 4 more for female relatives. We belong to a Mardi Gras Krewe and I got these for us to wear to the balls and various other dressy functions. They're beautiful!! <end>
 B000BVISHK  Titanium Curved Barbell in Light Blue. Size is 14 guage by 3/8" in length ||	  Nice looking  Its a really nice piece of jewelry. So far the color hasnt faded so it good. Looks really good in  ) <end>  ...  Personally I didn't like it and my piercing started to get infected although I disinfected it and cleaned my piercing. Didn't happen with my other jewelry, just this one. <end>
 B000BVIU64  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Irish Wedding Band Spin Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Nice ring.  I gave this to my fiance as a sort of engagement band. He loves it, the only problem is, the center band spins and kind of betrays the purpose of the Claddagh (positioning vs. marital status). Plus, if your man is a rough and tumble kind of guy, this might not be the ring you want. The band started to come apart after a while and dirt and gunk gets built up in it so it doesn't spin right. If you are purchasing it as a gift for a not so rough guy, it would be great, or if it was just meant to be worn every now and then. Don't count on it to be your engagement ring though, it's not so good for that. <end>  Nice, can't be beat for the price  It has three of the little symbols on it. My understanding was that the symbol (the hands with the heart) when faced one direction meant the person was taken and when faced the other direction the person was not. Well two of the symbols face one direction and the third faces the other. <end>  Perfect  I was looking for a different type of ring and found thisIt is perfect, just as I hoped and my boyfriend loved it.It was a great gift for him and for no special reason. <end>  love the design but sizes run small  If this ring was a little larger I would probably wear it more often. Its almost as if the size is the outer most ring. I love the design. I've actually thought about buying more as gifts for friends, but remembering to order larger sizes. <end>  Cute but...  I bought this ring as a Valentine's gift but couldn't give it since the hands holding the heart symbol would reverse whenever the ring spins (there are 4 of them on this ring, alternating the facing direction). It's a cute ring so I just kept it for myself. <end>  Nice Ring!...  I had originally bought this ring for my daughter, who has wanted a Sterling Claddagh ring for a while now,and she does enjoy the 'spin' effect, but it turned out to be too big for her, so my husband took it instead.He has only worn it a few times, but he does like it and so I am happy I got it ~ I do plan to get one for my daughter still, maybe a size smaller this time??  ) <end>  Ring is Nice...Customer Service Stinks!!!  I purchased the ring as a surprise gift not knowing the proper ring size at the time. According to the website you can exchange the ring for a different size within 60 days so I figured I would just go ahead and purchase and then exchange after the surprise was given. They ask that you email them first before you send the ring back to ensure they set aside the correct size for shipment. I have sent three emails now asking for authorization to return the ring with no response. We like the ring but it would be nice if they would be concerned with customer satisfaction! We won't be doing anymore business with this seller. <end>
 B000BVKWO2  Sterling Silver Green Heart Foil Glass Beaded Necklace 16" - 18" ||	  Hematite Heart Pendant  I bought this item for a friend for Easter and she absolutely loved it. <end>
 B000BVXWSA  14G 7/16" Aqua Bangle Gem Flower Belly Barbell ||	  Disappointed !!!!!!!!!!!  One of the stones was missing. I was disappointed, however the return policy states, "You can not return any body jury". Therefore, now I have to keep it. (Very disappointed, and a waste of my money <end>
 B000BVXWZ8  14G 3/8" Happy Bunny Eat Me Curved Barbell ||	  cute and comfortable  I love "happy bunny" and found this to be very cute and comfortable to wear even with " granny jeans" . <end>
 B000BW3FAE  14G 3/8" Playboy Bunny Black Charm Curved Barbell ||	  Cute, but cheap product  I got the belly button ring for myself, which is very cute, but it didn't last only but about 2 weeks (maybe less)when the bottom part of it that dangles, fell off. The bottom part is the only thing that makes it a playboy bunny item, and now it's just a regular belly button ring. Cute, but cheap. <end>  Awesome  I had bought this for my sister's birthday, and she loved it. Apparently the color black is big right now, and so is playboy bunny. This charm is double the fad so I highly recommend it. And it's surgical steel to prevent irritation/infection, so that means A++.It's the perfect size where it doesn't get pulled by your belt, and you can actually see the charm. Because it's silver and shined to a sheen and the clasp holding the charm to the end of the barbell isn't too tight, it shimmers in the light with every movement. Very nice  ) <end>
 B000BW5U1G  Jewelry Armoire in Light Oak - Coaster ||	  Buy at your own risk  The product arrived damaged. I tried to call the store several times, but nobody ever answered the phone. I left a voicemail for customer service, but never received a followup call. I sent them an email as well, but again, no response. Save yourself the headache and buy another product from a more reliable store. <end>  Different lining than pictured  This is a quality product priced well but I was very disappointed to get a green lining instead of the black shown in the image. <end>
 B000BWUJGC  Altar of the Heart ||	  My all-time favorite yoga video--I was in love after the very first time!  After only doing this video once, I already loved it! It was exactly what I was looking for  an intermediate flow series to help me take my home practice to the next level. The DVD is not traditionally chaptered, but the "scene selection" feature allows you to begin the practice at 12 different points. I'm not going to list every pose included; rather, I'll provide a general overview to help you get a feel for the practice.Tilak Pyle instructs via voiceover, and he and his 4 assistants are each filmed in different outdoor location. The practice begins on the floor--which I found to be a nice change of pace--starting with a meditation and simple seated forward bends. You then move to standing, but instead of going right into sun salutations (not my favorite thing), Tilak leads you through several balance postures (tree, eagle) as well as half sun salutes (very reminiscent of Yoga Mind and Body). You will then move into some lunges, including a moving "liquid" lunge and one with the forearms on the floor (similar to in Ana Forrest's Strength and Spirit). The first standing series consists of warrior 1, 2, triangle, and side angle; short vinyasas are performed between each series, but not between every posture. After plank/side plank, there is a second standing series focused more on balance postures  pyramid, warrior 3, and half moon. Next, you'll move into dog pose, open your hips, and then continue with pigeon. This is followed by a short child's pose series which includes several shoulder stretches and then a brief savasana. This is about the 45 minute mark, so if you don't have time for the entire practice, this is a great place to stop.The second half of the practice begins with a spread leg standing quad stretch and then moves into standing wide-legged forward bend. Next you'll lie on your back for reclined leg stretches, including hand to foot and thread the needle. From a seated position, you'll perform rock the baby and a forward fold with cat/dog tilt. Next comes headstand, which Tilak and co. perform unsupported but which I did against the wall. I rarely practice headstand on my own, so I was surprised when I was able to kick up fairly easily and hold for the duration of Tilak's soothing voice (not a long hold; probably &lt;1 minute). Another child's pose and a brief pause follow. The final segment of the practice begins with seated forward bends and moves into shoulderstand, lying and seated twists, yoga mudra, and finally, relaxation pose. The asana practice ends here at about 1 hour, 15 minutes, but Tilak allows an additional 10 minutes for a long savasana, pranayama (alternate nostril breathing and retention), and final meditation.The DVD offers several options for customizing your practice  you can select minimal or more detailed instruction, and both choices allow you to turn the DVD music off and substitute your own. Other DVD bonuses include a detailed asana list--offered in both Sanskrit and English--and "deleted scenes" or outtakes. Don't miss this last section--Tilak and crew are hilarious as they struggle with uneven surfaces, wind, bugs, external noise, and the like. Tilak is a young, soothing, calming presence throughout the DVD. His voiceover instruction is excellent (only occasionally moving slightly out of sync with the screen), and while his instruction is not overly detailed (this is an intermediate practice, after all), I found his form pointers to be helpful. His style reminds me very much of Erich Schiffman in Yoga Mind and Body; in fact, this entire practice had a very similar "feel" to me to YM&B;, which is also one of my favorites.I really can't think of anything negative about this DVD, but if I had to offer constructive criticism, I would offer two very minor points  1) additional arm balances would have been nice (crow is shown in the deleted scenes but is not included in the practice), and 2) I would have liked the music to continue through the final savasana--there was just silence, and I keep looking up at the screen to see if the DVD had ended or not (which I'll obviously know not to do in the future). Overall, however, I loved this practice and found that it was just perfect for my level, which I consider to be low-to-mid intermediate--hopefully this practice will help put me in more solid intermediate territory, and I know that I will use it often. Highly recommended! <end>  Amazing  If you love Erich Schiffmann's "Yoga Mind and Body," you will love this one too. It's not power yoga, so don't expect to work up a sweat. It's a slow vinyasa practice that will leave you feeling wonderfully stretched and relaxed. Tilak Pyle's instruction is so clear that you almost never need to look at the screen -- but you'll want to, because the scenery is breathtakingly gorgeous. <end>  Absolutely wonderful intermediate-level practice!  I was in love with this practice from the first time I tried it, and I suspect that most yoga students who share my level (intermediate) and preferences (slowly flowing yoga with lots of hip openers and twists but few backbends) will also share my opinion here. Instructor Tilak Pyle has studied under Erich Schiffmann, and it shows, as this video has a very similar feel to Schiffmann's classic Yoga Mind and Body. The video was filmed in the Blue Ridge Mountains, with Tilak and his four assistants each appearing in a different outdoor location. The scenery is gorgeous and worth a watch of the video on its own, as you are likely to miss much while actually doing the practice. The music, which includes selections by Krishna Das and Jai Uttal, is also beautiful and lends a soulful element to the practice. The entire practice is about 85 minutes long, but it is chaptered and can be broken into shorter segments (see below).As a nice change of pace to most other yoga videos, Altar begins in a seated position, starting with a brief meditation and moving into simple seated forward bends. You then come to standing, but instead of going right into sun salutations, Tilak leads you through several balance postures (tree, eagle) as well as half sun salutes. Following this is a flowing lunge series which includes a moving "liquid" lunge and low lunge with forearms on the floor (lizard pose). The first standing series consists of warrior 1, 2, triangle, and side angle; short vinyasas are performed between each series, but not between every posture. After plank/side plank, there is a second standing series focused more on balance postures  pyramid, warrior 3, and half moon. Next, you'll move into dog pose, open your hips, and then continue with pigeon. This is followed by a short child's pose series which includes several shoulder stretches and then a brief savasana. Since this is about the 45 minute mark, if you don't have time for the entire practice, you can stop here, but you probably won't want to!The second half of the practice begins with a spread leg standing adductor stretch and then moves into standing wide-legged forward bend. Next you'll lie on your back for reclined leg stretches, including hand to foot and thread the needle. From a seated position, you'll perform rock the baby and a forward fold with cat/dog tilt. Next comes headstand, which Tilak and company perform unsupported, but there is enough setup time to use a wall. Headstand is held for several breaths, and then another child's pose and a brief pause follow. The final segment of the practice begins with seated forward bends and moves into shoulderstand, lying and seated twists, yoga mudra, and finally, relaxation pose. The asana practice ends here (75 minutes), but Tilak allows an additional 10 minutes for a long savasana, pranayama (alternate nostril breathing and retention), and final meditation.Bonuses on this video include a detailed asana list, offered in both Sanskrit and English, and "deleted scenes" (bloopers). Don't miss this last section  Tilak and crew are hilarious as they struggle with uneven surfaces, wind, bugs, external noise, and the like. Throughout the practice, Tilak is a soothing, calming presence. He cues poses in both Sanskrit and English, and his voiceover guidance is excellent (only occasionally moving slightly out of sync with the screen). While his instruction is not overly detailed (this is an intermediate practice, after all), he does provide very helpful form pointers. Overall, this is a beautiful, well-done practice and highly recommended as a must-have addition to your yoga media collection. <end>  HIGHLY recommend  This was everything I was looking for in an intermediate yoga DVD. It really pushes me, but provides enough instruction to teach. There is this amazing woman on the video who does these poses on a rock near the river. She is inspiring. Her headstand is amazing. Get this - it's great. <end>  A Wonderful, Original Yoga Workout  I'm giving it four stars instead of five only because it's not professional-quality camera work or film or whatever. I mean, you can kind of tell it was made at home.Other than that this is a terrific yoga workout. It was long but not dull; in other words, long enough to feel like you had a really good yoga class and spent your time and money well. There were lots of original yoga moves, so you don't get stuck doing boring, boring, boring sun salutations. It doesn't overemphasize strength poses, but has a good mix. I liked the instruction to make it your own and be true to your own level. I like it that they switched to different people from time to time so you could see real people with real bodies doing yoga--just like me! I mostly listen to the instructions rather than relying on the view, and I found these instructions did not require me to constantly lose my balance while craning my neck to see the TV.There is a good length savasana (rest pose) at the end of the workout, but it is silent (hooray!) unlike most videos where they yammer on at you and run you through a total body relax at breakneck speed. The only problem is that they don't tell you the workout isn't over, so you open your eyes and check. This would only be a problem the first time though. After the rest pose there is a not-too-long pranayama (breathing) practice. It takes a few minutes and is a good way to end the workout.I hope to see more homemade yoga workouts by real people doing yoga. These really are the best kind. Professional quality filming doesn't make up for lousy workouts. This DVD is a class you would really enjoy. It's definitely worth the price and the five dollars shipping.I hope to see more yoga workouts like this one. I'm tired of doing endless proud warriors and chatarungas. I think this workout is most appropriate for people who have yoga experience, but neophytes might enjoy it too.Another homemade-type of video you might like is Yoga in the Garden of Serenity. Sounds crazy, but it's a terrific workout especially for your neck and hips. <end>
 B000BX6DKM  Large Sterling Silver Gothic Cross Poison Box Locket with Genuine Garnet Ring ||	  Large Poison Ring for Long Thin Fingers  This ring is durable, fashionable, and covers very well for those of us who like large rings yet have long thin fingers. The clasp allows for safe closure of the ring's chamber without worrying it will open, even if like mine it contains no item. Garnet is secure, and I have received many compliments on the ring, even from those who are oblivious to its chamber. Good weight; solid & fashionable design; secure chamber & stone; detailed design; fun ring! <end>  Pretty good.  It's durable, smooth and eye-catching with long-lasting shine. The compartment secures liquids and powders with no leakage. Downside? The clasp breaks easily. <end>  Daughter loves it!  Creative and stylish way to encourage daughter to take her medicine. Comforted that she has an emergency dose when she forgets. <end>  rings of power  rings are very important part of creating a look. This one is a great conversation piece and is multifunctional. It's a great fit, I usually only were it when I'm going to perform. <end>  awsome  great item, love it and so everyone who sees it. Very unique and special. I tell all my friends that it is the item every woman over 40 should wear. <end>
 B000BX8B20  Sterling Silver 4-Band Open Weave Puzzle Ring Size 7(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Very Nice Ring  This is one my fave rings. It comes with a string around it so it won't fall a part when you take it out of the box & it will fall apart when the string comes off. It will fall apart when you take it off unless you are very careful, but it is one of the easist puzzle rings I have.I love this ring & the company has a video you can watch & learn to how to put it, & other puzzle rings, back together. The indviual bands are thin & can bend so you have to be nice it, but it is well worth the money. <end>  Pretty Ring, Fun Puzzle  I'm pleased with the ring. It's delicate and nicely polished. I didn't realize til I received it that it's a puzzle style ring, but it comes with instructions, so it's cool. Good value! <end>  Beautiful ring = Great gift  I bought this for one of my best friends a couple years ago for her birthday, and she absolutely loves it. She has taken it apart a few times, and she always has to get someone else to put it back together which I think is hilarious...she said it's harder to put together because of the open design. Nevertheless, she claims it is one of her favorite rings, not just because of the sentimental value either. She wears it everyday.To me, the silver is bright and beautiful and very feminine, and it really stands out on my friend's hand compared to her other jewelry. I think this would make a great gift for any woman wanting to wear something stylish that is still practical for everyday wear, too. <end>  What you see is what you get-design wise  I was looking for something different, and figured I found it. I have no celtic heritage, and a lot of the weave style rings seem to point that way. I was really pleased with the ring and dealing with silver insanity- it was really fast shipping. Shortly after I got it, however, my curiousity got the best of me and I took it apart. It sat on my dresser about a week before I remembered it and decided to find a solution. I was NOT given instructions, but I looked up "puzzle ring" on youtube and found a solution. So glad I did, because now I have a functioning ring.If you buy this ring, don't take it apart unless you're prepared to spend some time in front of the computer. <end>
 B000BXKCZ4  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Austrian Crystal 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Collar Necklace 16&quot; ||	  A Great Gift Item  This is a great gift item. I purchased it for two of my granddaughters, to give them something to wear for dressy events. <end>
 B000BXU6S2  Boma Round Turquoise Post Earrings ||	  Items may be smaller than they appear  I thought that the studs would be a few centimeters larger than they appeared in the picture. I was disappointed to find that they were much smaller. <end>
 B000BY93DU  2mm Sterling Silver 18" Inch Black Rubber Cord Necklace ||	  Good size  Bought this for a young man to hang a pendant on. He can be rough with such things and it lasted a good long while. Fits nicely on neck, not a choker. Recently repaird the cord had come out of the barrel. Glued & lightly crimped with pliers. Still looks good, purchased last Xmas. <end>  Good looking necklace for a man.  Nice necklace - looks great on my guy. And so inexpensive! Shipping is a little high for the size/weight, though. <end>
 B000BYAGFY  Platinum 18 Inch X .7 mm Curb Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Avoid this seller  Worst seller ever, item not the same as the picture and not notice buyer before shipping. <end>
 B000BYF3WA  Sterling Silver Italian Threader Earrings with Open Heart drop total length 4 1/2" Long ||	  My Daughter LOVES these earrings!  I sent these beautiful heart drop earrings to my daughter who had just started her freshman year at college in NYC. They are beautiful, quality earrings, and apparently "cool" becauses she wears them a lot! <end>
 B000BZ1N4G  Sterling Swirl & Rainbow Moonstone Clip Earrings ||	  Lovely earrings  Beautiful moonstones in a pretty silver swirl. Very comfortable wear for several hours. However, the stones could have been set better. <end>
 B000BZ6QTS  Double Jeweled Dropper Navel Bar in Amethyst 14 gauge by 3/8" ||	  She loved it!  Jewelery was part of a Feb Bday package and the intended said she loved it. The length and style is perfect for a petite female. <end>
 B000BZANJM  Native Pearl and Carved Turquoise Earrings ||	  Great Gift!  I bought this as a gift along with a few other items to be sent for my daughters birthday. She loves it! Says it is delicate and beautiful! <end>
 B000C0L70A  14kt White Gold Anchor Charm Pendant ||	  Quick Delivery & Nice Workmanship  I ordered the 14K White Gold Anchor Charm and was very pleased with the quality and delivery time. I would not hesitate to order more jewelry from this seller. <end>
 B000C1RRK8  Sterling Silver Moonstone Poison Locket Ring Size 8(Sizes 4,6,8) ||	  Nice ring, not so helpful company  My boyfriend purchased this ring for me for Xmas after looking through my wish list. I was ecstatic when he gave it to me and promptly put it on. Unfortunately, about a week later, the flimsy latch finally gave way after several attempts by me to keep the ring from suddenly popping open. I emailed the company right away to see if I could send it back for repair, and over a week later, have still not received a reply from them.I love this ring and will go to a local jeweler to see if the latch can be repaired, but am very upset that I have not heard back from Silver Insanity. I would definitely think twice before purchasing any of their products again. <end>  poison ring  This ring is beautiful and it fits perfect. I have small hands and it is nice to know I can now find a ring to fit me on amazon. I bought this ring to wear with my Halloween costume but I now find myself wearing it all the time. <end>
 B000C2YE4Y  Sterling Silver Beaded Rose Quartz, Cherry Quartz, and Blue Agate 17" Necklace with Matching Bracelet and Hook Earrings Gift Boxed Set ||	  Nice Service  I live outside U.S. I've orderd this item but unfotunately I didn't receive it at the 1st time, I contacted Silver Insanity and they immediately shipped onther set to me in Express Mail and when I received the product it was typical like the picture.Great product, Great & apreciated service. <end>
 B000C4HR3W  Elegant tiered hoops adorned with sparkling crystals (UBE-295) ||	  sparkling  i love these earrings! i wore these for my college graduation pictures and i still get compliments on them. <end>
 B000C5BXB8  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Hearts and Flowers ||	  Lots of compliments  Everytime I wear this I get so many compliments on it. It's a nice weight so it hangs just right and can support charms well. Great price too! <end>  Yeah!!!  I just received my anklet ahead of the scheduled due date. I love it!!! It's beautiful, sturdy and it hangs just right. <end>  PERFECT  THIS ITEM WAS BETTER THAN I COULD HAVE HOPED FOR. IT IS PERFECT. GREAT VALUE AND BEAUTIFUL. STURDY. GET ONE!! <end>  ge\reat purchase great prices  this was great purchase for a great price thank you amazon <end>  Beautiful anklet  It's very dainty and pretty. My only concern is that you can see (when holding it) where the pieces have been soldered together, but that probably won't be noticeable at all when it's actually on the ankle...I'm just worried that it might break easily at those spots. Otherwise, it's as described and very pretty. <end>  anklet  i adore the heartsy stuff, and the sort of "S" design the curve in the middle, im planning to give this as a valentines present for my loved one.. better be early than sorry! <end>
 B000C5DS98  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Chime Balls and Hearts ||	  The Sterling Silver Anklet with Chime Balls and Hearts  The anklet is pretty enough but I feel cheated. I wear long skirts. For that price I expected the chime balls to actually chime. The tinkets and chain are so light that the anklet broke the first time it caught on my skirt. I think I wasted my money. <end>
 B000C5HS94  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Teeny Flowers ||	  Very nice  I bought this as a random gift for my wife. She was very pleased with it. It is very cute on her. I imagine it would be on just about any woman. <end>
 B000C5J5NG  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet w/ Chime Balls ||	  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet with Chime Balls  Top quality SS bracelet; beautiful bracelet; the chime bells have a very nice, pleasant sound; not heavy, well constructed; good to wear on any occasion. <end>  Love It!  The picture doesn't do this bracelet justice. It's BEAUTIFUL! Exactly what I wanted. It's highly polished sterling silver andmade so well. You'll love it as much as I do! <end>
 B000C5JQ3K  Sterling Silver Apples Charm Bracelet ||	  Gave this bracelet as a gift  I gave this product as a gift, Christmas gift for someone I work with, she loved it, but loves anything with apples. She wore it several times, dont know if it held up, I hope so, she never mentioned that it did not. But for the money, it is a good product, great price and fast shipping. Thanks <end>
 B000C5NM1M  Sterling Silver Dolphin Charm Bracelet ||	  sterling silver bracelet  this charm bracelet was for a friend at work and she loved it. it was a good pick for me. <end>  Perfect Dolphin Lovers Trinket  I wanted this but I was afraid it was cheaply made. I finally got it and now that I have it and I absolutely love it. It shines and it looks really silver and it seems like good quality. It's comfortable on my wrist. Perfect for any dolphin lover out there! <end>  Lovely little bracelet  This is a beautiful little bracelet. I purchased it for a young girl who loves dolphins. <end>
 B000C79P8Y  Beautiful Yellow-gold Sterling-silver Black Hills Gold Women's Ring ||	  Great Ring  This ring was exactly as described in the profile (and picture). It is very elegant for such a great price. I gave this to my girlfriend for her birthday and she loved it. It looks very good on her finger. I would recommend this to anyone who wanted a small gift for their significant other. <end>
 B000C8QDM4  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 6mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Love it!  I love this ring. My fiance and I ordered as my temporary wedding band. I love that is flat with some sparkle. I work in the health care industry and cannot have large stones sticking up and puncturing my gloves. This band is lightweight as well. <end>  Just ok  I ordered many rings and this one I am not going to keep - will give it away as a present. It is ok. The quality is good, I just don't like the way it looks. It is too plain in reality, not sparkling. <end>  2nd wedding band  I bought this to be a 2nd wedding band, since my original is gold. It's original and very pretty. <end>
 B000CBD1JE  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>
 B000CBEYSQ  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  I like it  It is as nice as it looks on the picture.  ) I like it.  ) <end>  Great Product Great Service  this seller was great. I returned my origional purchase for a different one and they made the exchange without any trouble and quickly. would definaltely recomend. <end>  kathy52658  excellent craftsmanship, and a price you just can't pass up. I have recommended this item and company to everyone I know. <end>  Excellent Product!  The necklace is great - just what I was looking! Also very impressed with Sabrina Silver's quick processing/delivery! <end>  beautiful......  I bought these for myself (chain and bracelet) and they are beautiful, even more so than the picture, Sabrina Silver is a great seller. <end>  Great children's necklace  I really love this necklace. I bought it for my 10 year old and its better than the picture. Its for a great price too. It even came gift boxed for free. <end>  Exquisite and Heavy - My Favorite Chain!  I've found other, less expensive Italian diamond cut rope chains on the net but they are MUCH lighter weight and flimsier. I absolutely LOVE this chain and get gobs of compliments on it so I intend to purchase more from Sabrina Silver in other lengths. Excellent seller. Exquisite product. I'm VERY pleased! <end>  Regretted paying a penny for this item.  Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black. What a waste of money. <end>
 B000CBEYUY  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>
 B000CBEYVI  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>
 B000CBFTOO  Completely Handcrafted - Designer Sterling Silver 10 Gem Top Sky Blue Fire Moonstone Flower HEAVY Pendant ||	  gorgeous piece  This item is even more lovely than the pic. I have bought several items from JeGem and have been thoroughly pleased with each purchase <end>
 B000CBGBS2  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>
 B000CBHS8E  Large Three Dimensional Skull Pendant with Moveable Jaws in Sterling Silver, #11447 ||	  Disappointed  Although the level of detail is fantastic, it does not look good when worn as a pendant. The jaw hangs at an awkward 90 degree angle that it looks stupid. Sad, but unacceptable; so i had to return it. <end>
 B000CBHY4C  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Excellent product  The chain I received is better than my expectation. One who can get white gold chain in cost of sterling silver? I would definitely recommend this to a friend. <end>  Very Shiney  When I got this it was ridiculously shiny, almost to the point I did not want to wear it. Fortunately, it got to a more friendly silver color over the next couple weeks. Seems durable and looks good with just about anything. Price was nice as well. <end>  Sterling rope necklace  This rope chain is perfect for hanging a pendant on. It's comfortable to wear and is bright and shiny. I love it! <end>  Turned black  This necklace turned black after a few months. Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes. <end>
 B000CBKZVG  4" Long Sterling Silver Seashell Hook Earrings with Genuine Shell Drops ||	  Whoah! These are BIG!  Ok, so I think I missed where it said 4" long! They are cool earrings, but definitely big! The shells are a lot more "shell-looking" in real life, but they are cool earrings, just not as dainty as in the picture! <end>  Too heavy  the shells are nice, but overall these earrings are really heavy and hurt my ears after wearing them for about 30 minutes. <end>
 B000CBOB4S  Sterling Silver Twisted Bar Stick and Star Drop Earrings ||	  Very pretty  These are very gorgeous, very delicate earrings. The length is quite long, about chin length, but they're so light weight you hardly notice them in. Seller is quick to ship and I was overall very pleased with their product!!Sarah Beesleywww.scentsy.com/beesley <end>  Darling  These are the cutest! I gave them to my niece for her 16th birthday, but I'll be honest, I wanted to keep them for myself. <end>
 B000CBU3GI  Sterling Silver Christmas Snowman Stud Post Earrings ||	  beautiful & affordable  These earrings were very pretty - just as nice or better than the photo on line - they were very affordable (even with expedient shipping to Alaska) and my daughter loved them. I will be checking out their other items in the future. I would definately recommend them to others. <end>
 B000CC0BM8  Pugster Da Vinci Picture Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Breathtaking!  OUt of all the charms my 9 year old got for her birthday, this was her favorite. I love her appreciation for art. I was surprised by it. It's so nice to be able to wear a masterpiece. She wants The Mona Lisa next. Shipping was super quick on everything I ordered. As my daughter says, "AWESOME!!!" <end>  Small but really pretty!  The images displayed look big, but when you get it, it is pretty tiny. I like that though! I didn't want a typical charm bracelet that was all noisy and big. It's classy and a nice size. This is a beautiful painting!! <end>  Da Vinci charm  It is beautiful! I have this drawing in my house,framed.A friend of mine made a incredible pencil copy for me. <end>
 B000CC718U  Mele Faux Leather Jewelry Box - Carson ||	  Good Looking Inside and Out!  I purchased this jewelry box as a gift for my son. The price was right (as of 12/2011), but I was a little worried that the lower price would translate into a cheap looking box.My fears were unfounded. This is a very nice looking box. It is sturdy, made out of wood, with black faux leather stretched over it. The fake leather is nicely turned and fitted. There are no wrinkles or gaps, etc. It is elegant looking. As it's not real leather, it will not wear the same as leather, but this is a box, not shoes, and it looks great. The box has a hard base that holds the vinyl corners a little above the dresser surface, so even the bottom corners will last longer.The box closes with a magnetic clasp. It has great white top-stitching on the cover and the clasp. The inside is covered in a pale tan synthetic moleskin - again, it is elegant. The inside is divided into eight compartments. One is covered in the faux leather instead of the tan moleskin. The description calls it a "coin slide". There are two removable padded watch cushions in their own compartments.I've added three photos, above, to help you make up your mind. The first is a close up of the outside. The second shows the open box with the two watch cushions in place. The third shows the watch cushions taken out.Lastly, as this may be important to some, this jewelry box is "CARB Composite Wood Compliant Phase 1 Standards". This means that the composite wood used passes the Phase 1 standards for avoiding formaldehyde emissions.I am very pleased with this gift. It is made by "Mele & Co, Since 1912". <end>  Great "Leather" Jewelry Box  Mele Faux Leather Jewelry BoxWell its clearly not real leather... but for its price, the build quality is fantastic. It looks classy and will complement your drawer, desk, table wherever you decide to keep it. I have has it for a few months now and it is holding up great.. no defects at all or any wear and tear. <end>  Great product  Makes my night stand very clean. The color matches my furniture very well. We are looking for a similar but bigger version for the wife.. <end>  Great value  Does not look cheap at all. Very pleased to get this box for the price. Comfortably fits my 2 watches, 2 necklaces, wallet and money clip. definitely recommend for a good cheap jewelry box <end>  Very Nice  I brought this product for three men in my family. They all loved the look and features of the item.. <end>  Bad Customer service  I ordered this to see if it would be fitting to display some of our products at our office. It ended up being to small for what we needed, so i returned it and received less than half of what i paid for it. I paid around $65 and was refunded around $27. Not happy about that.Not only that, but when i wrote and email asking why I only received a partial refund, they were rude in their response. <end>  Love this  I love this for a travel jewelry case. My husband puts his watches in and I put my bracelets. Perfect size <end>  Great Gift  The jewelry box was a great gift for my teenage son. It is well made, nice looking and the watch compartment is big enough for him to store a man-sized watch. <end>  Beautiful Box  The box is very elegant and sturdy. It has a magnetic snap that keeps it together and has multiple compartments for rings and/or cufflinks. It only has two watch compartments however. My only criticism would be the leather coin dish should be used for something else that would hold more jewlery. For the price it is a steal! <end>  Good jewelry box and great price  Good quality and holds most of the jewelry guys would need. Only downside is the watch compartment is too small for most men's watches. <end>  Nice box  This box is just what I needed. A couple of watches, a few cuff links. I just do not need much more. Not for someone with tons of items to store. <end>
 B000CD5E06  Best Simple Gift Ideas Mom Sister Girlfriend Wife - Handmade Rosewood Oriental Jewelry Box Boxes ||	  Do not buy this  Seriously, this just came in the mail for me today. I put it on my wish list because I thought it was pretty. It's SUPER CHEAP looking for one. It's made outta plastic on another note. If it was like $5 that would be fine, but seriously it's $30 and for what? A piece of junk you can buy at family dollar. <end>
 B000CDKZW8  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Princess Cut Black Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Not what I expected. CHEAP  The sterling silver was really cheap and danty, the backs could easily bend and break off. I would recommend that you spend your money else where. <end>  Super satisfied  These guys are great, Awesome is the word. Received my product in good time. and very pleased with it. Had a little problem with one of the earrings and they replaced them. Awesome Will be shopping with them again. Most defiantly.Dewayne <end>  So Cute!!  If you like black these will be great for you!!! they arent to big or small... Perfect =0) <end>  i got what i wanted when i wanted it  I thought the earrings were beautiful and I got exactly what was specified. It came in a timely manner and I would shop with this company again in a heart beat. <end>
 B000CDOWQI  Emma's Marquise Flower Wrap Ring ||	  A great piece of jewelry  I bought this ring as a Valentine's Day gift and my future wife loves it as a fashion accessory. She wears it all the time. It blings bright and takes over almost her whole lower knuckle. It is very elegant and classy and unique. The one drawback is the fact that it gets snagged on a lot of items such as clothes and fabrics. She recommended not wearing it to work. Overall its a great buy. <end>
 B000CDT4YS  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 7-8mm White Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  arrived damaged  It seemed like a great buy, but the chain was really short, and it arrived with spotted of noticeable discoloration throughout it. I returned it. <end>
 B000CDT4ZM  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 9-10mm Pink Pearl Pendant with 18K White Gold, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Wrong Item  I did not receive an oval fresh water pink pearl. I received a smaller, round pearl. Not at all what I wanted.I am very disappointed. Would not order from this site again. <end>
 B000CDT5RY  Sterling Silver Egyptian Ankh Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 1 3/8 inch ||	  Beautiful but big  This pendant ended up being a bit bigger than I thought it would be and I likely won't be wearing it. It is a beautiful piece and the quality and stying is excellent. My mistake for not realizing the size. <end>
 B000CDUDEI  Sterling Silver Large Crucifix Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 3 inch ||	  stand behind their product  I am happy to say that though I did not receive my order the first time I ordered this cross, the company and Amazon did stand behind their product and refund the money spent on the item. Since they did, I re-ordered the item and it arrived in a timely manner. The cross is really nice. Thank you for the great customer service! <end>
 B000CDUJGU  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 6mm Heart Onyx Cubic Zirconia Post Back Stud Earrings ||	  Could be Designed Better  These are sturdy and well made, but the six prongs add a lot of metal and take away from the gemstone. That may be the way the heart shape has to be set to make it secure, but I dodn't like it. In addition, the prongs are long which makes the gemstone sit high and away from your ear and they stick out from the earlobe. <end>  Earrings  Earrings are nice but I thought the shipping charge was a little high!~Roxann HillGecko Girl <end>
 B000CDVKOA  Ruby Red Enamel Ring with Vintage CZ Flower Design ||	  Not Exactly What I Expected But Still A Keeper  First off, let me start with my 'slight' disappointments...1) The color is not as vibrant a red shown in the picture; it is more of a blood red or maroon.2) It fits a big tight for it's size.Likes are 1) It is a bold and interesting ring, just the kind I like.2) It looks Gorgeous on my small hand; bold without looking too big.3) My eight year old daughter said, "You were waiting for the mail just so you could get that ring, Mommy! I love it! You are such a DIVA!"4) Now I have to find matching earings and necklace!Beautiful!P.S. The only reason it doesn't get a 5 star is because the color is darker than I would like. <end>  red enamel ring  This ring looks better in person than the picture. I received many good comments when I wore it. It is a nice touch of color for your finger. <end>  Beautiful!!!!  This ring is a gift for my mom. I got it because of the color. It is even more beautiful in person! I can't wait to see her open it. <end>  well pleased  Well pleased with item - came in about 3 days. Fits well - unique styling - bought through amazon.com - well pleased with them also. <end>  Perfect!  This was a Valentine's Day gift,and I just love it. Ruby is my birthstone, and thelittle flowers, stems and leaves are just beautiful. I love this ring! <end>  Glamour Bear Likes  My boyfriend got this for me for my birthday this year. It sparkles even more in real life. Love it...makes me feel very glamourous! <end>  very good  I really like the ring. Very fun and pretty. It is a pretty big ring but that is ok with me. <end>  I love this ring!  I love this ring. The enamel is a beautiful color of red. The red is not to dark or to light it is a perfect red! Pretty true to the picture as far as color goes. The stones don't pop up as much as the picture makes it seem which my opinion is a plus. Everytime I wear this ring someone comments on how unique and beautiful it is. In my opinion the size are true sizes. Everyone is correct the ring is much more beautiful in person. <end>  Valentine's day present  Looked great. Despite other reviews the red enamel was the perfect color. Definitely ruby colored. It was given to my wife on valentine's day and she loved it. <end>  Excellent Ring, Fabulous Color!!  My fiancee absolutely loves this ring! I was afraid, due to other reviews, that the color would be too dull or dark. The color is a very bright ruby red! Wonderful!! <end>  VERY Happy with Purchase  I am very pleased with this ring... it is a beautiful, vibrant ruby color as shown and the CZ flower design is so pretty. It is a very bold piece of jewelry without being overpowering.I ordered it a size larger than normal (as advised by several other reviewers), but it was too large. I returned the ring and received a prompt exchange in the correct size and it fits perfectly.I will definitely shop at Eve's Addiction again! <end>  Xcellent  I love the ring and suggest every girl should have this ring in their jewelry collection. <end>  Love it!  I absolutely love this ring, it arrived right away. Great quality with solid sterling and is beautiful. I have ordered from Eves Addiction before and their jewelry is top quality. I would definitely order again. <end>  Lovely ring  The ring came in time and in good conditions. I was impressed by the stamp of quality assurance.Great ring! <end>  I love... lo amoooooooo...  definitively joyeria in amazon. is my favourite. I have bought much. everything very very good, igualita that the photo... but really this bond the 38 dolares, is very delicate very pretty, enchants convinacion to me of the red one with the silver. and the brightness that reports to the sun red. he is realemente pretty, in spite of being used to using small ring but. this very recommendable facina me...... <end>  Nice but disapointed  The ring is nice even though I expected the red enamel to be brighter, it's so dark it almost looks black. I was also very disapointed to find out that the price of the item in the Eves Addiction printed catalog was $40 compared to the $62 I paid online from the same vendor. It is the "Spring 2008" catalog, so it is not that the ring has just been reduced. Am I beeing punished for buying online? The most outrageous part is that the company itself sent the catalog along with my order. I find that to be a very inconsistent and unprofessional way of doing business. <end>  Ring Bling  The Ruby Red Enamel Ring is a keeper.Many many compliments and admiring glances.The shipment was packaged very good and received quickly.Thank you. <end>  Ruby  A very pretty well made ruby ring at a wonderful price. I love it!! <end>  nice ring  This ring is the nicest of the items I ordered from Eves Addiction. The red enamel is a nice deep dark red. However, the pictures make it look like the CZ stones in their settings "pop" out of the center of the flower designs. In fact, the stones are set far into the ring. The design is almost completely flat. <end>  Sparkle and shine for your Valentine!  I ordered this ring, and I really love it. This would be perfect for someone who loves red, or wears a lot of neutral colors. The flowers are delicate, the red enamel is bold, resulting in a ring that is very striking yet feminine. When the light hits it, the glow of the enamel and the sparkle of the flower design makes it quite the attention-getter- I've already gotten several compliments on it.Having read other reviews, I think there may be a color difference between batches of enamel. For what it's worth, my ring is a very definite ruby red, just as shown in the Amazon photo. The enamel and design are only on the top side of the ring- the areas not shown by the picture are smooth silver and also taper to a slimmer area in the back, which is great because it makes the ring more comfortable to wear and less prone to chipping. <end>  Are you serious????  My husband got this ring for me for Mother's Day, when it got here not only was I disappointed in the quality of the ring but it was missing one of the crystals- I realize that this is not an expensive piece of jewelery but it was something that I wanted to wear as a fun accessory- Anyway, my hubby sent back the ring and asked them to exchange it for a new one. Well we got a new ring- it is a gaudy, fake, cubic zirconia, wedding set! Nothing like what he originally ordered and definitely not the ring that he purchased and exchanged. I mean seriously- do you just send random rings to people when they ask for an exchange???? My husband is in the process of sending back this ring (again)and at this point I told him just to ask for his money back- Never again will we order something from Eve's Addiction. <end>  Doesn't look as impressive in person  I've had this ring for two years now, and I've hardly worn it. The flowers are not as prominent as they look in the photo, and the ring seems like it's worth about $18 - not $58. If you like "sparkly," this ring won't do it for you. <end>  cheap looking  it is a great party ring-but the look of it was cheap and definitely not worth the price! i would have paid maybe $20 for it as a costume /party ring. <end>  Disappointed  I bought this ring as a gift for my Mother this year (2009) and was disappointed at the generic look it had upon opening the package and the fact there is a limited amount of sterling silver a la hollowed out underside added to the disappointment. <end>  loose stones  I PURCHASED THE RING FOR MY WIFE. NOT TWO DAYS INTO OWNERSHIP AND TWO STONES HAD FALLEN OUT. I SENT IT BACK TO EXCHANGE FOR ANOTHER AND WAS SENT A TOTALLY DIFFERENT RING (SIMILAR PART NUMBER). I AM CURRENTLY WAITING FOR THE RE-EXCHANGE TO COMPLETE (PATIENTLY). <end>  very nice  girlfriend loves itIt does not look like silver globs mixed in red like pic but red is not dark or ugly either. <end>  Nice Ring  Nice quality ring, substantial metal and nice detail on the flower part. It is a rather large ring, but fits true to ring sizing. The silver seems to be very nice quality. I am very happy with the purchase. <end>  Cute, runs small  I ordered a size 5 to fit my ring finger, my other rings for the same finger are 4.5, it was a little tighter than I wanted but still fits. I would recommend going up a size. Cute ring, not too bulgy, the red part was neatly done except for one or two spots but not noticeable. I'm happy with the purchase. It came in a a little velour bag with instructions on how to care for it. <end>  Beautiful  I purchased this ring for my adult daughter. She loves the classic but whimsical styling. It really compliments her hand. <end>  red-ringer red ringer  Gave this as a gift. She received MANY compliments on it. Eve's Addiction has a lot of unique items. I Highly recommend their merchandise. It actually looks just like the picture. They also shipped FAST. <end>  The ring I wanted!  I am very pleased with the ring I bought, it is different and really beautiful and I have the best impression of EvesAddiction, they have been very kind and most efficient. <end>  BOLD AND PRETTY!  I GOT THIS RING FOR MYSELF AND IT ARRIVED EARLY, SO KUDOS FOR THAT! THE ONLY REASON I DIDNT GIVE IT 5 STARS IS BECAUSE IT IS A LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE. THE INSIDE IS HOLLOW. BUT IT LOOKS REALLY COOL ON! I AM STILL PLEASED WITH THIS BUY. <end>  Gorgeous ring! But cheaper from the seller direct then on Amazon  UPDATE  THE METAL PART OF THE RING IS BEGINNING TO TARNISH. I AM PRETTY DISAPOINTED BY THIS BUT WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FOR $60. I STILL GET MANY COMPLIMENTS ON THE RING.This is a gorgeous ring and looks so much better in person than in the photo. It has a classy and expensive look to it. I am not sure what the previous review means by the ring being so dark - mine is a nice deep red. I was also disapointed however that the price of the ring offered on Amazon was MUCH more expensive than if you buy direct from the seller (which is usually the opposite for this seller - prices are generally cheaper on Amazon than direct from the seller). I an not disapointed at all however with the actual ring. I always get compliments <end>  question of taste  I purchased other jewelry from Eve's Addiction based on the color red. Wife loved them all but for reason not this one. The seller was very quick to respond, didnt make a fuss or make it difficult to return.Dropped it in the mail and a few days later received my refund. Good no nonsense company and i still buy from them. <end>  enamel ring  I really like my ring. It is beautiful and unusual. I've gotten lots of compliments on it. The one thing I wish is that the red would of been more ruby red...mine is lighter than I had expected. <end>  nice ring  i have this ring but runs small so order this one size larger than you are cute better in person <end>  One of my favorite rings  I've had this ring for about 3 years and I bought it on Amazon. Another reviewer mentioned the price flexuation - that is accurate in my experience. I got a deal on Amazon and the first digit was either a 1 or a 2 in the price. Eve's Addiction can also add up from a shipping standpoint, but you can sometimes find a sale on that as well. Their catalog prices are not the best deal. Some of their stuff is wonderful, other pieces just ok. Packaging is ok (like birthday gift ok but not anniversary gift level in my opinion.)Regarding the ring  my concerns were -- it may snag or be too uneven where the silver meets the enamel - no issues at all; I was concerned it may be/look too thick or too big on my finger (size 8) and although it's not a little delicate band it is big enough to see it and striking enough to be a statement piece wearable from work to out without looking like costume jewelry. I always get compliments on it and sometimes they really want to know how to buy it themselves.These photos can sometimes brightly light a color - my ring looks like the red in the photo. Just last night I dipped it in some liquid silver polish and it brightened it up (but I did it randomly not thinking the polish would affect the look.)I would absolutely buy this again (and again and again) -- it's one of my favorite rings and I only like expensive looking pieces (but like to acquire at a low cost!) It's good quality, interesting design and easy to wear. One of my favorite Amazon jewelry buys. <end>  Beautiful!  This is a gorgeous ring, it is real heavy silver and it is much prettier in real life. This picture does not do it justice! I get compliments on it all the time and the ring is so unique! It is reasonably priced for the heavy silver you get. I love this ring and I can't say enough about it! I've also noticed Eve's Addiction has some other very beautiful jewelry and it makes me wish I could have it all! LOL <end>  Beautiful!  This ring is beautiful. Even prettier in person. I think it fits true to size as well. A great purchase! <end>  Beautiful  Despite some questionable reviews I went ahead and ordered this ring, after all, I had already given my wife the earrings and necklace so I wanted to complete the set. The ring is beautiful! She loves it and loves having the full three-piece set. Only downside is they don't offer half sizes so I had to order it a little large. <end>  A stunner!  This ring is simply superb. It is beautifully crafted and a striking piece to add to any collection. I could have given it away a number of times the first occasion I wore it had I been kind enough to give in to the pleas! My daughter also has her eye on it so I wear it often in self defence! <end>  quality and workmanship  although I had a problem with the delivery date being 10 days late, once the ring arrived, my wife was in Awe. The quality and workmanship was wonderful. The richness in color and quality surpassed what was expected and made up for the delays. I would purchase from Eve's again. Thank you for standing behind your products and making the customer #1. <end>  Really 5 out of 5 WHY?  Yes it is kind of pricey. BUTIt is probably the most unique ring under $100It is not the typical skinny silver with a rock in the middle.It has a red metallic shine and the silver flowers glimmer as well.When you walk the room people will notice.This is very much worth the money it costs. Its super cool. <end>  Very nice ring  I bought this for my wife as a Christmas present this year. I've bought several pieces of jewelry online and it always seems that there is one aspect or another that disappoints you. On this ring it was that the photo makes it look like the flower details are popping off the ring when they really don't. Under the enamel on the inside the ring is "hollow". I am disappointed in that as it makes it look more like $20 costume jewelry. Probably not worth the price tag but it is pretty and unique. For someone that likes a little bit more of a bold ring it does stand out in a nice way. <end>  Love this ring!  I love this ring. Very deep red and very comfortable to wear. I've own this ring for 3 yrs and it still looks like new. <end>
 B000CDW5HG  Large Rose Pink Ice Faceted Crystal Teardrop Sterling Silver Pendant on 18" Necklace ||	  Truly lovely  As I said in the title, this piece of jewelry is indeed truly lovely, and well made too - nothing flimsy or cheap looking about it. The crystal is a very nice size as well. This was a very satisfying online shopping experience in every aspect! <end>  Beautiful!  I have to replace the chain because it's a little too small, but the stone is absolutely gorgeous! It's a christmas gift for my sister and I know she will adore it. Thank you! <end>
 B000CDWB5C  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 1 1/4 inch ||	  Excellent Cross!  This item is perfect for daily wear but is still elegant enough for dress. You will receive many compliments when wearing it. <end>  jewelry lover  I purchased the smaller cross earlier in the month. I loved that one. I thought I'd buy the larger one for my husband. We love them both. The size and weight is perfect. Sabrina Silver crosses are solid, feel really good against the skin, you can wear it with anything and is looks great. An exceptional piece for the money! <end>
 B000CDY5GA  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 6-7mm White Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Pretty Pearl  I love the pearl pendant. It's beautiful and elegant with it's simplicity, perfectly feminine. The only thing I am disappointed in is the chain. It's small, flimsy and takes away from the beauty of the pearl, that's why it only got 4 stars. I have to get a new chain to go with the pearl. For the cost though, it is reasonable. You are really only paying for the pearl. <end>  Good Bridemaids' gift!  Very fast shipping- I bought each of my bridesmaids a necklace and I'm very pleased with the product. It's simple and elegant, and a great buy considering the price. I'd recommend this for anyone who wants a classy look that's also economical. <end>
 B000CDY63C  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 7/8 inch ||	  Nice  Very happy with this item. It arrived quickly and in excellent condiiton. Highly recommend item and vendor. <end>
 B000CDY64G  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 1 1/2 inch ||	  nice but not what i wanted  the cross i recieved wasn't quite the same as the one in the picture. in the photo on the page the cross looked more square, when i recieved it was more rounded on the sides. the bail is also larger than it looks the picture. the actual cross measures 37mm (just shy of 1 1/2 inches) and the bail is 15mm (just shy of 3/4 inch). <end>
 B000CE8DRQ  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 8-9mm Black Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Wonderful!  These pearls are superb. They have great lustre, and shipping was quicker than I expected. Great deal. <end>
 B000CEAJ0U  AugustinaJewelry Double Strand 17-18 Inches 7-8mm Pink Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Really lovely  These pearls are beautiful, and the price is amazing. They're a lovely shade of pink; the picture really doesn't do them justice. I bought these for my mother for Christmas, and she loved them. <end>
 B000CEAN4M  Emerald Green Multistrand Tikki Beaded Collar Necklace [Limited Time Blowout Offer] ||	  Ordering MORE  Since this item is so inexpensive, I ordered with my fingers crossed. It just arrived, and I am very pleased. The ten strands are on soft cotton-like string, and the glass beads are hand-knotted on the string. The beads are nicely rounded, and therefore not harsh on my neck and skin. The length is perfect to wear with a dress or suit. Every bit as nice as the photo. I am now going to order a couple more for stocking stuffers for this Christmas. <end>
 B000CEB19S  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Pear Cut Blue Sapphire Cubic Zirconia with Clear cubic zirconia's around it Polished Finish 3mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Fell apart within an hour  While this is a pretty ring and it fit fine, the stone fell out within an hour of me putting it on. I have contacted the sellers for resolution. Very disappointed. <end>  Beautiful ring at a good value!  This ring is beautiful and looks better in person. The setting is different and I have received many compliments on it! The ring is also true to size. I am pleased with this purchase. <end>  Meh.  Shipping was super fast! However, the ring looked pretty cheap. Not terribly so, but still very cheap. The stone in mine was a little lopsided, so that didn't help it much. Overall, a "meh". <end>
 B000CECNVS  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 6-7mm white Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Lovely for any occassion  Very high luster, nice drape, perfect length, and wonderful flexibility going from office to evening wear. Purchased as a gift and it looked very lovely on our family friend's 21 year old daughter. I would definitely consider one for (old) myself even! <end>  Great value!  I purchased 3 of these strands as bridal party gifts for my "groomsladies." Great quality and price! Real freshwater pearls, well matched. There are many options from this seller as well, that I noticed while searching for these. Seller was easy to work with as well. Definitely recommended. <end>  Lovely  I bought these for my mother last Christmas, and they fit her perfectly. Hangs exactly to the point between her collar bones. She wears them all the time! <end>  Disappointed!  I was looking for a simple, short pearl necklace to wear to a wedding and thought I'd found the perfect one. But I was mistaken. The minute I put the necklace on, the catch broke! And I couldn't fix it. I was shocked. I've ordered multiple items, including jewelry, from Amazon, and never had that experience. I am going to attempt to return it. <end>
 B000CECS0E  Amber Moon Multistrand Beaded Necklace ||	  Gorgeous at a great price!  This piece is even more lovely in person, I have received many compliments on it and no one can believe how reasonably priced it was. I look forward to buying more from this company. <end>  beautiful necklace  This is a very pretty piece. Its golden color really sets off my tan with a sleeveless top. I am looking forward to wearing it even this fall with fall colors! <end>  Beautiful Necklace, Unfortunate Mishap  I was shocked at the quality of the beading in this necklace upon receipt. The color is gorgeous and pops against any solid shirt. Unfortunately, the first time I wore it, the chain connecting the necklace to the clasp broke. I did not bother to return it, which I will admit is my own fault. Overall, it's a great looking piece! <end>
 B000CED5J2  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Pear Shape 1 CTW Aquamarine Cubic Zirconia with clear cubic zirconia's around it Polish Finish 3mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is beautiful. It looks exactly as pictured in the item listing. This ring was a birthday present for a friend of mine. She loved it!!! <end>
 B000CEESUC  AugustinaJewelry Double Strand 17-18 Inches 6-7mm Black Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  WOW  This is a very nice strand of Pearls for the price!!! It was everything I wanted it to be. Shipping was sooooo fast, I orderd it on a Friday and got it on Monday, so was very happy about that! The color and luster is very nice, I kinda thought that at this price it wouldnt be, but ended up being very happy. It also feels good on, it doesnt feel light and cheep like some can. I think anyone looking for a double strand of black pearls would be very happy with this and the price is great! I might just order the 3 strand one next.I will order from this store again!!! I think I will order and give this as a gift to friends and family too. Very happy and I think you will be too. <end>  Beautiful pearls  Pearls are notoriously difficult to buy and sell via the web because a pearl's color varies so much, and it's tough to accurately portray color on a screen. This is especially true of black pearls, which can be black, blue, gray, purple, or green.I've tried 4 Augustina black pearl necklaces, and all leaned toward the blue/gray spectrum, with splashes of purple and pink and very little green, my least favorite color. These pearls have a nice shape and luster. The 2-strand 17/18 inch necklaces are nicely graduated and "nest" perfectly. They can also be gently twisted into a 16" twisted pearl necklace. A beautiful, versatile necklace at a great price. <end>  Just as expected  Very pretty, made a good gift. The pearls were hand knotted which is unusual in a less expensive necklace. Very pleased. <end>  Unique pearls, nice luster  I received these pearls for Christmas and really find their unique shape and nice luster appealing. Although not perfectly round...they work well with my round black freshwater pearl earrings. <end>
 B000CEEW5S  Fire Red Everyday Classic Multistrand Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  Fire red  Love this necklace. The orange in it is wonderful, and it compliments well with other accessories. <end>
 B000CEND58  Ornate Black Mother of Pearl & Marcasite Ring (size  5) ||	  ring purchase  gr8t item & tranasaction - am very well pleased w/ the whole process <end>
 B000CEPUZY  Intricate Peridot & Marcasite Necklace (length  18") ||	  not the best quality  I ended up returning the item, a necklace which I believed could hae been purchased for half what I paid at the local Target.Return policy was good however. <end>
 B000CF3YIS  Jade bracelet, 'Haven' 0.8" W 7.5" L ||	  Special  I purchased this charming bracelet a year ago and have been wearing it often. It looks exactly like the photo. It is well made and has an amulet, talisman appeal to it which is unusual and very interesting. <end>
 B000CF5NGY  Pearl and rose quartz necklace, 'Sea Treasure' 1.4" W 14.8" L ||	  Valentines Day came early!  This necklace is so pretty, and there's a tiny silver heart at the end of the chain! You can barely see it in the picture, but what a nice touch. I have decided that it goes with everything, and it makes me look younger... okay, well... maybe it doesn't go with everything ;)My sweetie surprised me, and I couldn't be happier. <end>
 B000CFIWTY  Cute Stretchy Red Carnelian Web Chip Bracelet ||	  "DO NOT BUY THIS BRACELET"  I got my Cute Stretchy Red Carnelian Web Chip Bracelet yesterday. When I opened the package, the bracelet chip already falling apart in the plastic zip bag that the seller used. Really bad product, the seller should make the woven more tighter so the stone will not falling apart and the woven actually broken or used different material. Never buy this bracelet from this seller again. <end>  Gorgeous Bracelet, Great Value  I am very happy with this purchase. It is exactly what I was looking for and at a great value too.My bracelet resembles the two additional pictures, rather than the first/main picture. The stone chip colors include clear/cloudy white, and a varying range of orange with light peach to a dark orange red.It is about 1 1/2 inches at it's widest, so it makes for the perfect chunky statement bracelet. <end>
 B000CFIWXA  Cute Stretchy Yellow Quartz Web Chip Bracelet ||	  Another Nice Bracelet from CoolStyles  This bracelet is just as comfortable as the other two web chip bracelets I bought. The quartz stones aren't shiny like the crystals, but still very nice. The color is much paler than the online photo and there are some variations in the stones from very pale yellow, almost white, to yellow. Four stars because the color is so off from the photo, but I still like it. The width varies a little, but is about 1 1/2 inches. <end>  very fun bracelet  this matched my yellow dress well - fit well and looked cute. came in the mail quickly and arrived without a problem. <end>
 B000CFKUIA  Cute Stretchy Blue Quartz Chip Bracelet ||	  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000CGMWCQ  Black & White Striped 100% Silk Necktie & Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Loved my new tie and accesories!  Great quality, it was great to buy this package, and i will do it again soon! <end>
 B000CHPZJW  Sterling Silver Large Detailed Winged Sea Dragon Serpent Necklace ||	  Beautiful dragon...  I didn't order this necklace from Silver Insanity, but actually a vendor on eBay. This necklace comes from the Peter Stone company originally and I must say that all of their necklaces are genuine silver and high quality. I am very pleased with this piece and it is really intricately detailed. This is a larger dragon piece and just the right size. Not too big, not too small and the workmanship on the silver is very nice. Doesn't look like a cheap piece for sure. <end>
 B000CJ0V4Y  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 6mm Star Clear Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Weak clasps  Earrings look great. Unfortunately, the star fell out of the clasps after one day. Resetting the stone was easy but annoying. This happened with both earrings, so be prepared to do some work yourself if you buy this product. <end>  Nice pair of earings  Beautiful pair of earings. Packing was good, and the quality also seems to be nice. It sure does sparkle. Exactly what I wanted for everyday use. I think its worth the price. <end>  Sparkles!  Real Value for your money. It sits on the lobe of your ear like it belongs there and catches the light even when it's dim. Fantastic! <end>  CZ Star Stud Earrings  These earring are full of sparkle. Fun to wear. Also make a fun gift for girls of any age! <end>
 B000CKE9AA  Sterling Silver Trinity Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  sterling silver trinity charm  Everything about it is perfectly what I wanted. It is sturdy, well crafted, and beautiful. I showed it to a store owner that has been looking for similar items and she loved it so I told her where I got it. She said she would check into it. <end>  Great Value and Shipping  Very good customer service and value for this item. AAA+ for this merchant. <end>  Trinity Charm  I purchased three of these for my daughters for christmas. The seller shipped the items quickly and they arrived in great shape. The necklaces were better than I had hoped for a very reasonable price. They arrived with the chains which were in great condition. The charms are sterling silver and had no discoloration or scratching. On christmas morning my girls were delighted. Overall a great purchase. <end>  Discolored  Not even 2 days later it discolored/turned black both the chain and pendany. It has been sent back to the seller for review. I dont want another one if it is going to do the same thing. <end>  perfect  The trinity pendant was just as dexcribed and very attractive and shiny. I wear it very often. <end>  Love it  The sign of the Trinity has significance for me on many levels, so I automatically liked this product. Beyond that, though, I think it's beautiful, good quality, and exactly what i expected. I like it so much, I ordered one for a friend as a gift. Both necklaces came only a couple days after I ordered them. Great product, great service. <end>  As described  I purchased this charm for my daughter. Although smaller than the picture makes it look, the description and measurments in the description are accurate. I thought the charm was a very good value for the price. <end>
 B000CKE9H8  Sterling Silver Cat Pendant, 1 1/8 inch tall ||	  Very nice item  It arrived as described, i haven't had any issues with it. I would recommend this item to anyone without hesitation. <end>
 B000CKE9J6  Sterling Silver Capricorn Pendant, 1 1/8 inch tall ||	  Capricorn Charm  Much nicer than I thought or saw in the picture. Careful wrapping and quick shipping. <end>
 B000CKI7OY  Sterling Silver Peace Sign Pendant, 3/4 inch tall ||	  A liitle smaller than pictured but good quality.  The pendant was a little smaller than showm in the picture (or maybe I just imagined it would be bigger) but both the pendant and chain were very good quality. I bought it for my 15 year old brother and her really liked it! This one actually comes with a nice chain, most others did not. <end>
 B000CLAPUC  Amazon.com  SILVER-Colored Men&#39;s Metal Tie Clip Bar with DIAMOND like stones Tie Clasp  Clothing ||	  good pin for good price  Good buy. So far no problem using it.Good for formal occasions. <end>
 B000CLNMZW  14k NFL Miami Dolphins Earrings - M971 ||	  Miami Dolphins Earrings  They picture represents what they look like.My wife loves them and think them quite beautiful <end>
 B000CN5A28  Aurora Silver Stripe Titanium Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,12) ||	  Great ring  This ring is fantastic. It looks great and it's comfortable. I actually lost my first one so I bought another one that is exactly the same. Titanium gets scratched up, but so does everything other material. Titanium weighs the same as aluminum, but is as strong as steel. (.098lbs/in^3 vs .283lbs/in^3) <end>  Awesome Ring!  This ring was perfect as a "working" wedding band for my husband. It looked amazing when it came in, and was lightweight but durable. He absolutely loves it, and I'm happy because his wedding band isn't getting destroyed at work! <end>
 B000CNIKL6  Citrine and Garnet Fashion Pendant in 10K Yellow Gold ||	  very nice  I have this necklace and the earrings that match and they are reallyvery nice. <end>
 B000CNPUNM  Sterling Silver Jesus with Crown of Thorns Medal, 3/4 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  A nice medallion  The antiqued finish gives it a heirloom like look. I have since purchased 'OurLady of Guadelupe' medallion for my wife. <end>
 B000CNTSOY  Sterling Silver Blue Enamel Moon & Star Pendant Made in Italy, 3/4 inch Round Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  Even better lookin' in person!!  What a gorgeous piece of jewelry....even prettier than the picture. Very high quality and the perfect size! Love, love it! Would buy this for any "moon child" out there. <end>  Simple, Beautiful.  I ordered this for my girlfriend as a last minute, little something extra for Christmas, it arrived in 2 days without paying extra shipping, and it was so pretty, it was my girlfriend's favorite of all the gifts I gave her.It came with an 18" chain but I think it should be 22" or 24" , my girlfriend just switched chains and wears it everyday. <end>  Great Product  The pendant was as nice as I imagined. Swift transaction. Thank you. <end>  Absolutly love it!  I love this necklace, I wear it everyday and it still looks as great as when i bought it. It 's a great quality and it was very affortable. <end>  Great!  I liked it so much that I bought two. One as a necklace and another to put on a keychain. <end>  SPECIAL  I ordered this pendent for my boyfriend because his fav color is blue and I am the star and he is the moon. <end>
 B000CO9QRM  Adjustable Dual Flower and Key Dangle Belly Chain ||	  ...eh..ok  It wasn't that appealing when I first recieved it...I thought it was going to be a real silver stering and not one made of plastic.... <end>
 B000COCHE6  Sterling Silver CZ Palm Tree Ring ||	  Stunning!!  Absolutely beautiful!!! So happy I bought it as a Christmas gift for my daughter. True to size, nicely made, good quality, super sparkely  )! <end>  Pretty Palm Tree Ring  This ring is very pretty and wears well. I've got a lot of compliments on it and it is a nice addition to my jewelry box. <end>  Beautiful Ring!!!  My sister bought this ring and I just fell in love with it. We both have a Tiffany look-alike Palm Tree Necklace and this ring goes with it perfectly. Great quality ring and no one will ever know you're not wearing real diamonds.Liz McBurlington, NJ <end>
 B000CODH2W  Swarovski Solar Blue Super Sexy Jeweled Dangle Belly Chain ||	  Get what ya pay for...  Gave as a gift to my fiance for Christmas. Its costume jewelry so I didnt expect much. She liked it but it took them a while to ship. Almost 3 weeks delivery. <end>
 B000CODXKI  Sterling Silver Friendship Stackable Bracelet - Strength ||	  Great Quality  Arrived within 4 days. Very well packaged. Nice quality, thickness of bracelet is nice. Stays in place and can easily be sized. <end>  5/5  As I've already typed about Inspire bracelet, this one is cool. Perfect, I adore it, really. Thans for fast delivery and catalogue of other items^^ <end>
 B000COEGX6  Sterling Silver Designer Inspired Mesh Ring ||	  Exactly as it appears  I am very happy. I got it when they said I would and have been wearing it ever since. <end>
 B000COETUQ  Sterling Silver Friendship Stackable Bracelet - Inspire ||	  Cool!  The bracelet's really cool & even better than I've expected! Fits my wrist perfectly. Deliveed in time - EvesAddiction, thank you, guys! <end>
 B000COUBNA  Swarovski Dapper Dangle Belly Button Ring ||	  Looks Nice, but cheaply made  I got this for my wife and it broke within 15 minutes of her wearing it. <end>
 B000CP42NE  Sterling Silver Green and Clear Crystal Bracelet Earrings with Pendant Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Perfect Set  It's perfect. All my earrings are brought from Gem Avenue. I love the necklace and bracelet.Everything is just like the picture. <end>
 B000CPCSY4  Blue Funky Flower Horse Shoe Circular Barbell ||	  Belly button ring  I love this belly button ring! It got to me super fast, it's cute, and it doesn't feel all cheap. You'll love it, buy it!  ) <end>
 B000CPIOM4  Lilac Miracle Ball Horse Shoe Circular Barbell ||	  Pretty & feminine  The balls are more of a dull Lilac in person, although I wish it was vivid pink as in the picture, they have a blue pearl-like sheen to them which I love. Overall, it's a steal for 99 cents. <end>
 B000CPJNKG  Tea Party Horse Shoe Circular Barbell ||	  my bad  3.5 stars really. i *should* know better than to buy jewelry with plastic beads but these are really cute and, for the price, i couldn't resist. anyway, as expected, i lost one bead within 12 hours (ok, that was unexpectedly quick but i knew it would happen eventually) and have lost 5 of 8 beads and one of the horseshoes since then. i may pick up more at some point. cheap and cute is hard to pass up. <end>
 B000CPSU00  14k Gold Hoop Earrings 1.4" diameter 2x35mm, Hypoallergenic ||	  Stylish large hoops  My wife liked these, so they worked out great for a gift. Although they are on a lighter side, the craftsmanship is just outstanding. Clasp is very solid and not flimsy, and no coming loose. Look sexy for night time out and still professional enough for the office. <end>  Quality is fantastic  These were bought as a Christmas gift for my wife and I was so pleased with the quality of the earings and the packaging of them. <end>  Sticks out to the side of your face  these earrings do not lay right. It looked like I was taking off from outer space!!!! <end>
 B000CQ34D2  Pugster Blooming Rose Gift Photo Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Rose fell off of charm base within days  Rose fell off of charm base within days of placing it on charm bracelet. I have ordered from Pugster many times and these it the first item I have had a bad experience with Pugster. I was very disappointed about this charm as it was a gift to my sister at Christmas for her bracelet. <end>
 B000CQ4YIG  Sterling Silver Scuba Diver Pendant, 1 1/8 inch tall ||	  She loved it  The pendant came safely and on time. Looks just like it did in the picture on the website. Good Job. <end>
 B000CQY24M  Stud Earrings Sterling Silver - Fish Bone ||	  Bony Memories  Not the highest-ranked jewelry on Amazon, Old Glory Sterling Silver Fish Bone Earrings are a delightful gift for a special anniversary, or to wear on your own. I first saw them at a popular seafood place nearby at the Wharf in San Francisco, but the price was artificially hiked to attract tourists, and I knew I could do better using my Amazon prime account.My wife liked getting these earrings, as they constantly recall for her a transition from not eating fish at all, to once in a while, on the advice of her doctor, trying a salmon or trout, perhaps oncve a month, for protein reasons if nothing else. At first, the bones made her feel grisly but then she realized, it's all nature. And as it turns out, it is not silverplate covering actually fishbones, but each earring is 100 per cvent sold sertling silver without a trace of the original bone, now lost to history and the artist's imagination. Our three cats totally ignore them, which they would not do if even one cell's worth of fish remained in their makeup. We can leave them out on the dinner table or even in the cat's dish, and they will remain untouched, still gleaming with the traditional heartiness of fine silver.You will always be getting smiles from neighbors and strangers when you leave your apartment wearing earrings from old Glory. This is my fourth pair and it won't be the last. They are unisex, though perhaps they look better on someone with a smaller lobe than mine. I wish Old Glory would consider making a longer pair, with five or six pairs of lateral bones, instead of the present, skimpy four. But such are the dreams of an impossible princess. <end>  Very cute, very small!!  These are great earrings, but very small!! Because they are so small, it is difficult for anyone to notice what they actually are. They also took forever to get to my house. <end>
 B000CQY29C  Celtic Knot - Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  Wonderful pendant  I am very plesed with the Celtic pendant. It hangs nicely on the silver chain that I added. It is a lovely pendant to dress up a sweater or solid top. <end>
 B000CQY2EW  Stud Earrings Sterling Silver - Celtic Knot ||	  Celtic Knot Earrings  I am very pleased with the items purchased and had no problem with delivery. The earrings created just the right image for their intended use--a "promise" . <end>  Cute little baubles  These are cute little trinkets meant to strike up conversation. And they do precisely that. A little uncomfortable to sleep in at first but it's something that can be gotten used to; if you prefer they be taken off at the end of the day, then that is a possibility as well.All in all, they are a cute pair of earrings that double as a conversation starter. I love them and am wearing them now! <end>  Very pretty  Looks just like the picture on the site. One of the best dollar values I have seen anywhere. Arrived the first day of the estimated shipping schedule. A very satisfied customer. <end>  STUD EARRINGS SILVER CELTIC KNOT  THESE WERE GREAT THEY ARE VERY PRETTY AND NOT TOO BAD OF A PRICE. I WEAR THEM EVERY DAY AND THEY SEEM TO BE HOLDING UP PRETTY WELL. <end>  Beautiful  I think they were beautiful and functional. the product came on tine and in great shape. Will buy again! <end>
 B000CQY2F6  Evil Skull - Pendant Necklace Sterling Silver ||	  eraser size skull  The product is nice, but notice how there is no mention of the size. The size of this pendant is a little bigger than a pencil eraser. I would say its more the size of a charm than a pendant. Delivery was fast. Price IMHO, is overpriced for what you get. <end>
 B000CQY2G0  Blue Grass Mushroom - Hemp Necklace ||	  Cool design -- not a fan of the clasp.  I bought two of these. One for me, and another for a friend of mine. I like the design... The picture doesn't do it justice. It is far more clearly a mushroom in real-life, and the parts that are not the mushroom are clear (so it's easier to make out).However, my one complaint is that the "natural" hemp necklace is a little too natural. It has no clasp, and in order to put it on you literally have to tie together loose strands of hemp. This can be a little time consuming. If you don't put it on just right, it'll fall off later, and if you tie a knot that is too tight it is difficult to get off. <end>  Pendant is larger than expected  The pendent was much larger than I expected it to be, and therefore makes for an awkward combination with the hemp. The "clasp," as the other reviewers noted, is a real pain. It's not just a tie; it includes two separate, three-strand pieces one one side, and a small loop on the other. It's nearly impossible to push the six strands through the loop when you're holding the necklace in your hand, let alone when it's around your neck. <end>
 B000CQZZBG  Sterling Silver Ankh - Pendant Necklace ||	  Gaudy at best, poor worksmanship  They claim its silver, it's not. It is however pot-metal that has been plastic coated, mine had rust on it. The pendant is HUGE too, they should include dimensions for these things! They don't sent you a necklace with it, they send you a piece of leather string. If I wanted to tie my own necklace I would have just bought the pieces sperately cheaper! Overpriced piece of garbage. <end>  Poor workmanship  I really liked the pendant necklace but the chain/plastic necklace that it came on didn't last very long. When it broke, I also lost the pendant.What a shame that it doesn't come on something that is a little more durable. <end>  Great For a Gift  I bought this pendant for a boyfriend of mine. I was afraid of it being smaller than I hoped but it was the perfect size. It was little over two inches long. The back of it was flat, which was nice for the engraving. Good price and arrived before the expected day. I used a different chain instead of the black cord that came with it though. <end>  First time buyer  I'm a first-time buyer of this brand. I wear this pendant very frequently, and I anticipated the cord being cheaply made, so I bought one separately. The pendant itself looks a little yellow which makes me question its authenticity, but overall the service and delivery were good. <end>  I dunno what's misleading about the description...  This ankh pendant is definitely a very good quality sterling silver, and polished to a beautiful sheen on the front. The only problem I actually had was that the cord that came with it was a bit too small, but I had another necklace with a black cord hanging around, so I just used that. Great value for only $14.95, and actually a bit larger than I expected! <end>  Too big  I thought it was smaller than it is... I really do like the design but it makes me feel like Madonna wearing a huge ankh. <end>  Good quality / good value  This Ankh is made well, and it is silver. It is 52 mm in height and proportioned correctly. This is a nice piece for the cost, and the supplier had it delivered super fast! <end>  meh...  The details of this necklace are kind of misleading. The black string that came with the necklace was kind of cheap and the pendant itself was nothing special. It is obviously fake and looks more gaudy than unique. I was under the impression that this was actual silver...its not. <end>
 B000CR1XE8  12mm Plain Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  good product, terrible shipping  the product arrived in perfect condition but the shipping is ridiculously slow. i will not order from them again. <end>
 B000CR40F2  10mm Bali Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  A bargain, but not what we expected  These earrings are very tiny, nothing what you would think from the picture, and I guess you get what you pay for. I bought them for my daughter who thought she was going to use them in her tragus piercing, but they are way too small so she just uses them in her upper cartlidge piercing instead. <end>
 B000CRQETM  Pearl Essence 7-8mm AAAA Drop Pendant w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Necklace, Pink (18") ||	  Good bang for the buck  I had never thought that I can get a product like this at such a cheap price. That's until I found and ordered this product. Very nice for casual use. Moreover, the merchant also made me a good impression. I received the product several days before the expected delivery date. It arrived in a nice packaging and everything was as expected.A good bang for the buck! <end>  Beautiful Product, Excellent Experience  I am very impressed with the product and the seller. The pearl and chain are stunning, and at an excellent price. The package arrived in two days at the standard shipping rate- which I wasn't expecting at all. The necklace arrived in a pretty satin bag, which is perfect as it is a gift. This necklace also comes in other colors, so I will likely buy more for other friends and family. First rate! <end>
 B000CRQPY6  Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Ring Size 13 ||	  not quite the celtic knot  The work of the incising of the braiding was not as deeply engraved as in the picture. It was very inexpensive, so I guess I got what I paid for. I like the ring, but it is not as well done as the picture portrays. <end>  great looking ring!!!!  when I saw this ring I was like wow .....this looks like the male ring to my ring...whenthey came my husband and I WERE SO PLEASED!!.Gent's 5/16" (8 mm) Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Band <end>
 B000CRQQ7M  Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Quality  This ring is great. Very shiny sterling silver, great design. I was looking for a more masculine ring, and this was it. Very sharp and angular, and the symmetry of this variation on the Celtic knot gives it a story as well. All I kept thinking when I was looking at the ring the past couple of days was "only $20 for this?" It's not going to wow anyone with its brilliance or worth, but if you're a guy like me (or just a guy in general) that's not what you're looking for. Instead, the symbolism, simplicity, and sturdiness it exudes adds a little something to whatever you're trying to represent in your outer image.Great value. If it holds up for a long time though and the black paint in between the notches doesn't fade or run, it will show its true value. No signs of it yet; had it about a week and even washed it under warm water a few times. Held up. Cheers. <end>  We love our rings!!  My husband and I love our rings. Excellent quality and pricing. Shipping and packaging was wonderful as well.True sizing and both rings fit perfectly. <end>  Beautiful and Strong  My Husband loves this ring! I got it for him as an engagement ring and he was very happy. When we got married, I got him a more expensive ring and it wasn't 2 weeks before it almost broke his finger (working out at the gym, lifting weights) so he switched back to this (engagement) ring and he wears it 24/7 and loves it still... now he's had it for almost 6 months and it is still just like new! he usually wears a 10.5 and I ordered an 11 and it fits perfect, so it might run a little small... so keep that in mind when you place your order! You will be pleases with this product! <end>  Awsome  I was shocked by the quality of the rings. I ordered three as a special present for my parents and I. I would say "for the price they are great" but honestly I would have expected the quality of this ring from a much higher price point. Not to mention the package arrived the first day of Amazon's expected delivery date. <end>
 B000CRQQKO  Beautiful Butterfly - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Silver Butterfly  This is the second butterfly ring I've purchased. This one is far more superior in craftmanship and look. <end>
 B000CRTHLY  Gecko Lizards - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  poorly made  we ordered this ring for our 14 yr old who is big on lizards. when received it was well-packaged but sadly the ring was warped and very, very poorly made. The image shows a dark gray sort of ribbed background; in the image the eyes are defined. The actual ring is nothing like the image. The eyes are not even there and the dark gray background is smooth instead of ridged. We may have accepted the ring if it wasn't warped but even then we were greatly disappointed. When returned, we were NOT FULLY REIMBURSED. So we didn't have a ring and actually lost money. Don't buy this ring. You'll be disappointed too. <end>  cute ring  my 7-year old son wanted it so i bought it for him, but he doesn't ever wear it how stupid was i. <end>
 B000CRTIAE  Large Pentacle Sterling Silver Celtic Ring Size 8 ||	  Beautiful!  A very nice eye catching piece. Has an antique look. I love this ring and wear it all the time. I was very disappointed with the earrings from this seller though. <end>
 B000CRTIN6  Large Om - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Horrible service, item not as pictured!  This ring was shipped 4 days after being ordered, so the "ships within 24 hours" claim is patently false. I contacted the company about this, but received no reply. When I finally did get the item, a day after the last "date of expected delivery," It was not as pictured, and I am really disappointed in the quality. I would send it back, but have just decided never to deal with this company again. <end>  Quick ship, "OK" quality, not exactly as pictured  Placed order but wasn't able to review or track it afterwards. Seller's Amazon name (Old Glory) not the same as emailed notification name (Red Rocket Merchandising Corporation). Items (2 rings) arrived quickly in a plastic envelope. Items not exactly as pictured and not comparable to my existing ring. Competitive pricing compared to retail stores but I guess "you get what you pay for". <end>  Not pleased  This ring does not look as nice in this picture. The quality was very disappointing. I would never deal with company again! <end>  large om ring  this ring is just as advertised. however if you are a big & tall person like me, you should order this as a pinky ring and no other finger. i ordered this in a size 13 for my ring finger but the "om" symbol is just too small for my big fingers. i will either size down the ring i have to a pinky ring or order a second ring to fit my pinky which ever is cheaper. this is a very nice ring for the money. the "om" symbol itself is about 1/2 inch top to bottom. make sure to order the right size. <end>  Just what I needed  Didn't take too long to get here, exactly what I thought it would be <end>  Om ring  Fast shipping, great product. Not as thick as I had hoped, but the style was great. <end>
 B000CRTIOK  Inlayed Native Sun - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Sunshine for anyday of the week  This ring brings sunshine into anyday of the week regardless as to how the weather is or how the day is going. The ring is strong in feelings and fills your entire being with the strenth that it carries within it. It is a sun god that watches over you and keeps you warm inside but never interfers with the spiritual God from above. The sterling silver is strong and brilliant and carries the strenth from within and with you. <end>  The Smiling Sun God  Bold, generous, and warm - these are the virtues of the Sun God. Virile yet nuturing the smiling Sun God radiates a strength that will sustain you both within and without. Sizing slightly smaller than usual. <end>
 B000CRTJF8  Grateful Dead - Large Steal Your Face - Sterling Silver Ring Size 13 ||	  Grateful Dud  This is the most pathetic excuse for a piece of jewellery I think I've ever seen. The blurb says it's a good size for men. What kind? 3 feet tall pygmies? I tried it on and only just got it on my little finger. The photo that accompanies the Amazon blurb does not show that the skull is completely hollow. This gets my vote in the Bernie Maddof Awards for Integrity in Product Credibility. Minus 10 stars. Junk. <end>
 B000CRTZL6  14mm Bali Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Nice look, Cheap construction  These are a big pain to get the pin into the hoop to latch them. They bend and it makes it very difficult. They do look nice though. <end>
 B000CRV9BK  Sterling Silver Ring Bali Rope ||	  Love these rings  I wear three stacked together and get so many complements.They are fantastic. People ask me all the time what do they symbolize! I am glad I purchased them and the price was terrific. Would definitely purchase the bangles if the were available. <end>
 B000CRVAGE  Irish Friendship / Love Claddagh Band - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  A fine Celtic memento  An excellent gift to an Irish or Irish-American man. Simple, with understated elegance, it can be worn equally well at a reception and on the beach. <end>  Not a good choice  I was very disappointed with this. Poor workmanship. One of the two rings I ordered wasn't even finished all the way around. Will either toss or return if possible. Don't bother! <end>  Not a Claddagh  Poor quality, not a claddagh, there is no crown. You can see the seams, the hands on the band are terrible. <end>  I did not buy this exact ring...  ...But it appears to be an identical twin to the one I've worn for the past four years. It's one of my prize possessions. I like the fact that it doesn't have a crown. I like it's simple elegance and I have received many compliments on this ring. Over the years it has worn shinier.It is possible that my ring just looks exactly the same and could have been hand crafted by someone who really knew what they were doing, instead of mass produced by a machine, but the traits of my ring seem reminiscently consistent with what other reviewers have said, though I disagree with their conclusions.I find that the inset of the details gives greater contrast so you can see that it is a claddagh (without a crown, but it seems recognizable to me as one, don't you agree?). It also doesn't have anything sticking out to get caught on things.I highly recommend this ring. Mine is a size 8, which apparently they are out of. My girlfriend wanted one and I believe the size 6 will fit her nicely.I give this ring four stars only because it's possible that it's not the same as my own ring. <end>  Piece of Junk  This ring is a piece of junk. The ring came chipped and the workmanship on the design was poor (i.e. some of the hands on the ring were smudged causing it to not look like a hand) I had to return this item; save your money. <end>
 B000CRVR80  Stud Earrings Sterling Silver - Blue Gem Celtic Spirals ||	  Disappointing!  I was very disappointed when I opened the package. Those earrings are extremely small (1/4") and the design just doesn't show on them. They look completely different from the picture. I will never wear them and wouldn't recommend anybody to buy those. <end>  Made for Second or third Piercing  These are studs for second or third piercing... So if you looking for bigger don't buy, but perfect for other piercings. <end>  pretty  it was nice but too small.....hence the 4 stars! otherwise it was a good purchase <end>
 B000CRXB8Y  Silver Twist - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Satisfied  The design and make of this ring match well with the image I perceived from the photo. The subtle curve on the inside makes wearing the ring rather comfortable.A good product, a good buy. <end>  LOVE LOVE LOVE it!  "This ring is just awesome. It is even more prefect than it is described on the picture. And it fits my finger well and comfortablly. I get so used to it as soon as I wear it. I love this ring. And I recommend it to any costumers who are looking for a unisex , cool and unique ring. Love the seller!  )" <end>  Love it!!  Must husband had a ring like this (that he lost on the golf course) - only in gold. We bought this ring as a interim replacement & he still wears it! For the price - a perfect purchase! <end>
 B000CS1D4W  Completely Handcrafted - Designer Sterling Silver 13 Gem Top Sky Blue Fire Moonstone Filigree Cuff Bracelet ||	  Unusual and gorgeous  Every small stone in this piece is very different from each other, some are cloudy and whitish, some are a striking blue.Beautiful and distinctive, one can tell each stone was purposely put together for it's contrast to each other.The silver band on which the moon stones sit has very tiny "braids" surrounding each stone and a perfectly uniform floral pattern carved into it.There was A LOT of WORK to this piece of ART.The INSIDE of the bracelet may be the most beautiful! Strangely what other don't see is a great scroll and wave design etched inside of it.It was unexpected to find so much detail and workmanship in one silver band.By just studying this piece in front of me, it's obvious the maker had used his mind , eyes and his perception of beauty.The designer of this bracelet seems to have carved his own self onto this work. Inspecting it each step of the way, until he was satisfied that his full artistic imagery and capacity was inscribed onto this bracelet. <end>
 B000CS6CDO  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Sapphire and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Almost perfect  Great ring, looks great and my girlfriend loves it, the only problem is with the 14K gold, it's a little bit weak and has caused the band to bend a little bit in a location, maybe try switching to 10k gold for a little more strength. Other than that, it's perfect. <end>
 B000CS9F24  Thread Earrings    THXS2WVSS    Long Length with Wavy Ends, Sterling Silver ||	  Lovely earrings!  The earrings were a gift to my daughter for her birthday. She loved them, and they looked great on her! <end>
 B000CSWFXK  Black & White Cultured Pearl Multi-Strand Silver Chain Lariat w. Bar Crystal Slider ||	  Very pretty  Plesently surprised. My daughter had on her wish list, in the photograph it looks ok I guess, but when it arrived I was pleasantly surprised. The presentation was very pretty, very delicate, and when she put it on it was beautiful. The colors of the pearls were stunning. <end>  Excellent  This piece combines the simplicity and elegance of silver chains with the organic, yet well evenly matched, cultured pearls in black and white. The combination is a harmonious mix of of all these elements.Having both black and white pearls, it goes well with both the little black number, and with the lighter more summery dresses so from cocktail party to garden party, these adornments will be noticed.I have sent the link to all of my friends and would recommend them to anyone. <end>
 B000DLC16M  Green Jade Heart Earrings with Solid Bezel, 14k Gold ||	  Nice!  These are exactly as described, although I thought that the "solid gold bezel meant there would be solid gold on the back of the earring. The jade is set into the bezel and the bezel surrounds the jade heart. The quality of the gold and the jade are excellent. <end>
 B000E1E2RM  Pretty Diamond-cut Black Hills Gold & Sterling Silver Rose Bud Women's Ring ||	  Beautiful!!!  After 5 years of missing this beautiful ring!! Our oldest daughter accidently flushed my orginal down the drain! It beautiful, doesnt sit too high, and fits great! I love it! Thanks to Amazon.com for such an awesome site! It was a great Valentines gift! <end>  Pretty, Elegant Ring  This ring is everything I expected it to be. It is very pretty, goes with any outfit, stays clean and is easy to take care of. I would recommend this ring to anyone who likes silver and Black Hills gold. <end>
 B000E1HFTE  Sterling Silver and Mother of Pearl Pink Leather Cuff ||	  Pretty Bracelet  Wow, this is a very pretty bracelet! The picture really doesnt show the detail of the mother of pearl inset. It is a deep craving of the flowers. The band is very nice and is exactly how the picture shows it. I rec'd it much sooner than the expected delivery date and since its a Xmas gift I was very pleased! <end>
 B000E33BX6  CASA D' ORO YOGI BEAR HANNA BARBERA LICENSED ITALIAN CHARM ALEEGOLD ||	  Quite fun!  Purchased as a gift for a friend who is a Yogi Bear fan. She enjoyed adding a bit of nostalgia to her charm bracelet! <end>
 B000E46M0Y  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings ||	  Not worth it!!!  To be honest, I added these simple earrings to my purchase in order to qualify for free shipping. I think I paid around $5-$10 for them. They are garbage!! The clasp immediately broke. They are so cheaply made I was just amazed. Still, they were less than the shipping cost for my order, so I still came out ahead--but if you are buying these for themselves.... DON'T!!!! <end>  Great Earings  These earings are beautiful and not flimsy at all. I am really enjoying them. <end>  Silver hoop earrings  EXCELLENT PRODUCT! SUPER FAST SHIPPING! EASY ORDERING PROCESS! I LOVE ORDERING FROM AMAZON! THANK YOU!! <end>
 B000E46M1I  Sterling Silver and Pink Enamel Children's Heart Pendant, 13" ||	  Childrens's or Baby's?  This thing is miniscule. It barely fits on my (petite) seven year old's neck. Although the size is mentioned in the description, the picture is misleading - the pendant itself is *smaller* than the image on the screen - and I consider that borderline false advertising.I should have been a more aware buyer, so this review isn't to say the product is bad, just be aware of how small it is - my daughter couldn't even find it in the bag when I gave it to her, it was so small she thought I'd bought her an empty bag! <end>  very small!  This chain is very thin and easy to break. The charm is very small and not suitable for a child. It can easily break off the chain and be swallowed. It was very cheap looking to me. <end>  Too dainty for kids...or adults  My daughter received this as a gift. It arrived in a cute little faux velvet bag. My daughter took it out of the bag and it was horribly tangled. In an attempt to untangle the chain it broke, and all within a moment of having this dainty little necklace.I threaded a thin ribbon through the heart which will work for now. It is a very cute necklace, but because it is for children, it should be more sturdy. <end>  Heart Pendant  Sweet little pendant. Wish it had a finished back and a little prettier shade of pink. Gift recepient, 5 yrs. old, loved it. <end>
 B000E48P5Y  Sterling Silver Layered Oval Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful appearance  I gave this necklace as a gift to my sister for her birthday along with the matching earrings. They look beautiful----gorgeous silver. And, they came in very nice black, soft pouches. Since they were a gift, I can only comment on the initial appearances. <end>
 B000E48P7W  Sterling Silver Children's Teddy Bear Pendant, 13" ||	  Every Little Girls' Dream Necklace  This is a darling necklace. I got it for my 2 year old because she loves all my pretty jewelry. It is in fact 13 inches long as described. The teddy bear is a little under 1/4 inch tall by a little under 1/4 inch wide.It's the perfect size for a child and the chain is suprisingly durable for as dainty and pretty as it is. Any little girl who receives it will be very happy! <end>  Cheap chain  I pruchased this for my daughter for Christmas and while it looks nice and has a nice weight to it, the chain broke in a matter of days. She didn't snag it or pull on it, it just simply fell off her neck as she was eating dinner. Now I have to take it to a jeweler to have a new chain put on it. <end>  FELL IN LOVE!  My boyfriend bought this necklace for me for valentines day. I fell instantly in love with this necklace. its absolutely adorable. You've got to be CRAZY to not melt over this cute little teddy bear necklace. <end>  Teddy  This is a really cute, nicely made Teddy Bear. IMO the chain could be heavier. I'm afraid they may break easily. Time will tell, but I'd say they were definitely worth the price. <end>  cielo  I bought this item for my grandaughter whose birthday is in August. I think she will like it a lot. I know I did. <end>
 B000E4AEYE  Sterling Silver and Red Jasper Puff Heart Pendant ||	  beautiful  its beautiful But the heart look large in the picture but in realty it's small but i think it's better <end>
 B000E4ARDM  Sterling Silver "Lucky 7" Rings Pendant, 18" ||	  Good Value at under $20  To clarify--this necklace with the 7 rings weighs about 6 gm (about 1/5 of an ounce). Each ring measures about 1/4" (about 6mm) outside diameter and about 1/8"(about 3mm) inside diameter--bigger than a pinhead. There is an approximately 2" (about 5 cm) long extension so that the necklace can be adjusted in its circumference (down to approximately 16" (about 40 cm). The chain does have ITALY stamped on it. The clasp is on an open jump ring (not soldered) so putting something too heavy on it could cause it to open up.It is cute and subtle and the rings could be used for other jewelry purposes <end>  Gorgeous!  I am really confused by the review that states that the little rings are so small they can't fit them on a different chain. That must be SOME clasp that these don't fit over it. The necklace is beautiful and unique and I love it! <end>  RINGS ARE SMALLER THAN A PIN HEAD  I purchased this exact item and was so upset when I received it because it is so tiny. It cannot weigh more than a bottle cap, if that.It is SO very NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!I thought that I could take the rings off and put them on another necklace, but the rings are so minute and little that only the thinnest of chains can fit on it. The chain will break if you unclasp it. <end>  Great everyday jewlery  Great everyday necklace ... look like i paid alot more than 6 bucks from here on amizon!!! Looks nice sitting short on my neck, falls right between my clavicle bones. <end>  Tiny but nice  I got married on 7/7/7 so I thought that this would be fitting (Lucky 7). I was only a little disappointed by the size, however this piece is very nice and feminine. <end>  It looks great on!  I was skeptical after the review that says the rings are the size of a pin head but that is not the case at all. It is a very tasteful necklace with a nice shine to it. It looks really nice on and I will wear it often. <end>  happy  initially i was disappointed because the rings appeared larger online, however i am satisfied with my purchase. the necklace has a good weight to it and the chain is of pretty high quality- i tend to break stuff and wear this necklace every day! my clients compliment me on it all the time.ignore the other review for this product. <end>
 B000E4ARFU  Sterling Silver Filigree "Mom" Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  It's nice but get a new chain  It is a very nive little pendant that mom's just love. The only complaint is the the chain is very cheesy. When it first got it I had untangle the chain for 15 minutes. But if you get a decent chain it is very nice. <end>  Sterling silver at low prices  I had hoped these sterling necklaces would be a bit larger and heavier.The work on them in the inner part, like the Mom, could be better. It was a nice gift for my daughter and daughter in law for mothers day and they liked them. Lately I have seen sterling pieces on sale for 50-60% off and based on those prices, the deal of the day I got was average. Would not recommend you pay over $15 for it. <end>  Mom necklace  I purchased this necklace for my mother as a Christmas gift. It is absolutely gorgeous! She fell in love and has not taken it off since. It arrived in a timely manner and was packaged nicely. <end>  Beautiful necklace, slow to deliver  We ordered it for Mother's Day and realized we ordered it a little late. Expecting it to arrived after Mother's Day was acceptable, but it didn't arrive for another week. That was longer than expected. However, it did make her smile and my son sure felt good giving it to her. <end>  THIS IS BEAUTIFUL!  The detail of the heart and the word mom is very nice! This will make an excellent gift or treat yourself. It's just beautiful... <end>  Great Value for the Price  Great value. Sturdy, Solid pendant for any Mom. From a far looks like a very nice filigree heart pendant and only upon closer inspection do you make out the word "Mom". This was the perfect little gift for my wife after having our first baby. <end>  She likes it  I gave this to my wife right after our first born was... born. She liked it. It's good for the price, nothing flashy, simple and nice.I'd buy it again. <end>  Great necklace for Her at a Great Price!  This is probably the piece of jewelry I have ever bought specialy for the price. You just can't go wrong. The detail is very good and the chain is very strong.Some have mentioned that the chain is too short. I love the way it hangs on her neckline.The necklace has held up perfect. I do not have one single thing to complain about it. Just plain great and my wife loves it too!! <end>  This has been the best jewelery for the money!!!  I bought this great necklace for my wife for mothers day some time ago and of all the jewelery I have bought my wife over the past 12 years I feel it has been the best investment.Some have mentioned that the chain is too short but I don't think so. The necklace hangs perfect around my wife's neck. The pendant can be seen with almost any shirt she wears.The chain and pendant have held up fantastic! My wife is a bit rough on jewelery and the thin chain has not broke yet. The pendant and chain have not tarnished at all either.The most important thing about it is that she loves it!!!! <end>  a gift fot mom ^^  very good conditions and exactly in time to gift it to my mother awesome ty!! <end>  impressive  I read the reviews on this and decided to purchase this piece. I was very impressed and pleased with the product. Definitely a value for the price. <end>  Mom loved it  I sent this to my 68 year old mom for mother's day. She loved it!!! <end>  well you already know who i gave it to.  its a nice necklace for your mom. no matter the age im sure she'll appreciate it. i was not quite sure what to expect but i was unexpectedly surprised that it is really pretty and lustrous. i guarantee that you will be pleased and your mom will love it. <end>  Beautiful... chain a little short..  THe charm is gorgeous... Any mother would love it from their husband or children. But okay if you are buying this necklace for a mother under the age of 30 they will be okay with the length of the chain, if you are buying the chain especially for a woman who is over the age of 40 they might be bothered by the short chain.. or if they have a large neck not saying my mother has a large neck she just has three surgery scars that the short rubbing chain bothers. <end>  Gorgeous  I was a bit hesitant when I ordered this necklace because I thought the pendant would be thin and bendable. However, when I received it, I was pleased to see the pendant was solid and gorgeous. My wife is a slender woman and the chain is longer than a choker, but does not hang down so far that she has to wear something low-cut for the pendant to be seen. Most important, my wife loved it. <end>  Wonderful gift idea!  I was pleasantly surprised with the high-0quality of the merchandise. My mother-in-law loved it! <end>  My mom loved it!  I bought one of these for my mother this past x-mas and she simply loved it.It is quite nice for such a low price. <end>  Great necklace!  I bought this for my niece to give my sister for Christmas. My sister LOVED it. I definitely agree with other reviewers that this is more appropriate for the younger Mom beacause the chain is really short. The actual Mom pendant is really pretty. I paid 15.00 for it and it was worth every penny. <end>  great mom gift  i bought this necklace for my mom last mother's day. she loves it! the quality is reminiscent of the tiffany's heart necklace i have- it has a nice weight and hangs nicely. i searched all over for a "mom" necklace that wasnt dippy (because most of them are)and this was the only one that fit the bill. actually, when someone is wearing it, you dont notice that it says "mom" until you get close to them- it just looks like a heart with a filigree design. classy and understated. <end>  Heart Mom Necklace  This item was a hit! This was for my cousin on Mother's Day, she is in her twenties and she just loved it! The quality, size, everything about this necklace was just beautiful! The silver is so shiny... I wanted to keep it for myself! Shipping time was three days, made it to be just in time! I would recommend this item to any Mom who loves hearts and silver! <end>  Silver "Mom" N ecklace  Once again, another satisfied customer. I brought this for my mother for mother's day and she hasn't stopped wearing it. That's the thing with silver, you can wear it with anything. The price was very reasonable. I would recommend others to buy. Not just for mothers day, but for christmas or a birthday or just because. <end>  great  This neclace was beautiful. My mom loved it and she wares it ALOT now. It was a good value for your buck. <end>
 B000E4ARG4  Sterling Silver Butterfly Dangle Earrings ||	  Smaller than they look, but perfect  I saw these and thought that they were adorable. After much debate, I bought them. Needless to say, I was quite surprised when I got them and they were really small. However, I wore them for the first time today and they are PERFECT. My job involves being on the phone all day, basically. These were small enough that they didn't bother me with my headset on! I was a bit surprised at the size of them for the price, but otherwise, they are perfect! <end>  Nice earrings, good price  My wife enjoys these earrings. They are lightweight and attractive. My only concern is that because they are so lightweight, my wife has found it easy to lose one; it has happened a couple of times. Therefore, I would recommend getting a couple of backing elements (I forget what they are called.) to go with them, or maybe they should be furnished with them. Other than that, they were a welcomed present that my wife enjoys. <end>  God-daughter loved this too!  I bought this along with the butterfly pendant and 18" chain for a Christmas gift (06) for my god-daughter and she loves them both. I loved the price! The earrings are a perfect fit with the necklace. She says she only wears them to church and special occasions. A great gift for teenage girls! <end>  smaller than I thought  I bought them and they are smaller than they looked. I still have them and have never worn them. They are too small, like they would be for a child. I waited too long to return them, so I'm stuck with them. They are pretty, I might give them to some little girl some day. <end>  Butterflies!  VERY pretty! VERY dainty!!! GREAT quality for little money! PERFECT for a young girl/pre-teenager which is who I bought them for. VERY satisfied with my purchase!!! <end>  Pretty design but too small  Perhaps I did not carefully read the dimensions if they were posted. Although these are beautiful earrings, they are too small to really enjoy their beauty. <end>  Great Deal !  I bought two pairs at this price. I put one away for an extra gift. They are even lovilier when you see them in person than they look on the page. A real 5plus star deal!!!! <end>  Too small  They were much smaller than it looks in the picture! They are for kids! I didn't return them because maybe I'll find a little girl to give them to. <end>  Please see my photo under customer images  Was incredibly disappointed after opening the box and the lovely blue drawstring bag they came in only to find itty bitty earrings. They look cheap and disposable. Gave them two stars because they would be a cute gift for a kid. <end>  great danty earrings!!  The earrings are perfect for wearing to work. My only bit is that they aren't as shiny as I'd hoped them to be. Overall, though, I'm very satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Nice earrings but very small  The earrings are nice and of good quality but they are much smaller than I thought they would be. <end>  Way smaller then expected!!!  I love butterflies and dragonflies anything and bought this in hopes of wearing everday. However, when it arrived I was disappointed to find out that they are smaller then expected. I ended up giving them to my 4yr old niece which was a perfect fit for her little ears. They should've been at least an inch bigger and longer to look like the photo on an adult. <end>  Cute Little Earrings - Great for girls and teens!  I got the sterling silver butterfly dangle earrings and pendant for $25 (they were 50% off). This was my first purchase of jewelery from Amazon, so I really didn't know what to expect. The earrings and pendant came packaged in separate cardboard jewelery boxes and each were in little plastic bags. Considering the price, the quality of the earring and pendant weren't too bad. I liked the earrings better than the pendant. I'm always looking for dangle earrings that aren't too big, so I was pleased with the tiny size of the earrings. However, for most adults, I think that the earrings would be a bit too small and dainty. These earrings would be perfect for girls or teens. If you are an adult and are looking for earrings that are tiny and cute to wear with a casual outfit then these would work as well.The pendant wasn't as cute as the earrings. The pendant came with a small silver necklace. The bottom part of the pendant is to pointy and the wings don't look that much like a butterfly. I would have liked something shaped like the earrings. If you don't mind the shape (the picture looks just like the real thing), the pendant would probably work well for girls or teens. Like the earrings, the quality is not too bad for something that was less than $15.Overall, I was pleased with my first jewelry purchase. If you are looking for something cute and inexpensive I would recommend these (especially for girls or teens). <end>  Lovely and delicate  I bought these earrings at 40% off, and they turned out to be an amazing value. They are delicate and small enough not to interfere with everyday life, and the detail and shine are just lovely. I liked them so much I bought another pair for my niece! <end>  more beutiful than in the picture  The closeup picture is not doing justice to these because its showing all the wire details, but these are much attractive in person. I bought 4 pairs (one for for my 6 year old daughter)and 3 for gifts. They seem to go with everything. As always, always check the true size instead of depending on the picture. I paid about $10 each. <end>  Pretty and Dainty  Bought these earrings for my 11 year old daughter. They are really cute, and dainty looking, she loved them. <end>  Smaller then a penny  I typically have great experiences with Amazon, however this time was not so great. The earrings were way smaller then I expected, to the point they became less noticeable then I desired. Fragility of them also seemed to be an issue.Upon the return, the postal service (USPS) took over two weeks for it to get to Amazon...or Amazon dragged their feet. I'm not sure when they received the return.Shipping to me was typical Prime, no damage to it. <end>
 B000E4C8AM  Sterling Silver Sculpted Oval Pendant, 18" ||	  A Nice Piece!  A great little necklace. The chain is quality, the oval small, (a little smaller than I'd imagined) but classy. Not at all cheap. Came quite knotted tangled, but that is apt to happen when shipped loose. Overall I'm quite satisfied with this piece! It goes with everything.  ) <end>  Very nice  This is a cute necklace, smaller that I pictured it, but still nice. I purchased it as a gift for a friend, but because of the size, I will give it to my 14 year old cousin instead. It is a nice piece of jewelry and will be a good size for her, not too large for someone her age. I like the current trend of looping the necklace directly around the pendant. <end>  Good value  I really like this pendant, chain is a bit thin, but I think that overall it's a good value. <end>  Very Stylish Necklace and Pendant  I am very happy with this purchase. It is just as pictured, and the shiny pendant contrasts nicely with the mesh look of the chain. I have also worn the pendant on a black cord. FYI the pendant is not flat, it is convex so does not lay perfectly flat on clothes. I would order silver again from Amazon. <end>
 B000E4C8CA  Sterling Silver Children's Cross Pendant, 13" ||	  Exactly what I hoped for  I ordered this cross for myself and not a child because I was looking for a very dainty, simple cross to hang on an existing chain I own. I wasn't disappointed at all and LOVE this cross it was exactly what I wanted. I could not determine the size from the picture or other reviews so I took a chance. The cross itself without the circular attachment that leads to the clasp hanging from the chain is 1/2&#34;, which was exactly the size I wanted. Overall the pendant is just over 3/4&#34;. The thickness of the cross from a side view is 1/18&#34; so it is not flimsy or too thin as one reviewer noted, I think its perfect. For the price this is a fantastic buy if you're looking for something very subtle as an adult that's good for petite women or for a young child or teen. The chain is not something I planned on using and could be a bit fragile for a baby or small child who is not careful, but I don't plan on using it. I will be buying another for my niece who is a petite teen with another chain for Easter. <end>  perfect for children  Simple and just right for kids. Chain is a bit flimsy and you gotta be careful when undressing. Highly polished and shiny. <end>  VERY SMALL!!  I should have read all the reviews. The person that said this was perfect for a 6 month old was correct. The cross is EXTREMELY SMALL and the chain is really thin. I purchased this for a 10 year old, so I am returning it. <end>  Very nice cross, but flimsy chain  This cross is very nice for children. It's quite small, so it doesn't stick out "like a sore thumb" when a child is wearing it, but it's big enough to get noticed. My daughter won't leave the house on Sunday morning without it.Go ahead and buy a better chain when you order this...you'll almost certainly need it. <end>  Nice  this is a nice little cross, the chains were cheap and I replaced them, but the cross's were very nice <end>  Very Dissapointed  Got it, opened it, the chain broke as soon as I picked it up. The chain is so thin, it looked like the thinnist fishing line you could get. The cross itself isn't much better as far as being fragile. You would think jewelry design (advertised) specifically for a child would have some strength to it. Not this pendant. <end>  Very dainty so be careful!  My 5 yr old daughter loved getting this gift for Christmas. The only thing is, is that the chain is very thin so when she tried to take it off, it broke... we are hoping to get another one since the cost was so cheap but we will have to be more careful when handling it. Overall, the necklace is beautiful. <end>  Not worth it.  Terrible quality . Not worth USD 25 dollars. Probally worth about 2 dollars. Should be sold in a 99 cent store. What a rip-off. Amazon should perform a review of some of the vendors. I did not expect this. <end>   )  The cross was a little too small for the chain I purchased it for, however I just use it as a clasp decoration. It is extremely charming. <end>  Perfect  I gave this to my god son for Easter! It is adorable! Perfect size for a 6 month old! Its very dainty! I may get one for myself! The price is right and its great quality! <end>  Cross pendant  This pendant is small enough for a charm on your key chain, or on a necklace. This cross was given to a child who really wanted it. He really loves it and is very proud to wear it. Thanks so much for offering for a reasonable price so I could give it to him for a gift. Would purchase from again. Fast shipping. <end>  Wonderful Cross  I was very surprised to receive the necklace in such an nice box and velvet like bag. These are perfect for any small child and seem to be constructed very well. <end>  Perfect Cross for a Baby  I purchased this cross for a 10 month old boy as a Christening Gift. While it is small and a little thin, there is not much to choose from for a baby boy. It is only being worn for a few hours on the special day and then put away as a keepsake. I would definitely recommend this and plan on purchasing another one when the occasion arises. <end>  Pretty good product  The charm itself was slightly smaller then expected but for the price it was fine. Shipping time was good. <end>
 B000E80IOG  Polished Silver Links - Plain ||	  Mandy's Thoughts  The company responded to my call promptly and verified the needs for the order. The engraving was nicely done and the cuff links were received in a speedy manner. <end>  Engraving was brilliant, scratches were not.  Came with scratches on the faces; however, the engraving makes up for it. No one will really notice them once they're shined up for the big day! Solid construction and not too bad of a turnaround time. Fair price too. <end>
 B000E8E2I4  Amazon.com  Fashion Jewelry - 44&quot; Gold Chain adorned with Rings  Clothing ||	  BEAUTIFUL  NICE AND HEAVY!! I LOVE THE WAY IT LOOKS! GOD BLESS YOU! <end>
 B000E8EQYO  Genuine Carnelian Cute Band Gemstone Ring Size 7 ||	  cool looking...  ...but order a larger size than you think you'll need, because the bands are thick and since it's entirely stone there's not as much "give" as with a metal ring. <end>
 B000E8ZC92  Giorno - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  10K gold  Bought this 10K gold and silver wedding band because my original ring doesn't fit anymore. It looks beautiful on my computer but now I wish I had gotten one in 14K gold. This one looks like brass.No luster at all.My fault I guess.Live and learn. <end>
 B000E8ZWK6  3 Stone Rings ||	  Not as pictured!!  Two issues with this ring;1.The setting is not the same!!2.Quality is lower then promised!! (color is fine clarity was the problem)I spoke with the seller about both of these issues and they were aware of the different setting. (Blamed is on the photographer?? That's a good one.) The quality issue still bothers me and the real setting has sharp edges so it scratches/dents easily. All and all I did not hate the ring enough to have my boyfriend return it but would not buy it again. <end>
 B000E91H4K  Allegra - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Beautiful!  This ring is very, very nice. Even better than the picture. I was having second thoughts after looking at the picture again because it appears a little bulky, but it's not. Looks great on my finger. I also didn't realize from the photo that the center gold band is slightly raised which gives it a really nice effect.Customer service couldn't have been better! They emailed me to let me know they would be closed for a winter break and asked if I still wanted to continue with the order. When business resumed, I received my ring very quickly.Great product, great service. Thanks! <end>  Amazing!  We bought this ring as my husband's wedding band. I loved how they combined the silver and gold to make it more affordable! The ring is beautiful in person and we were highly satisfied! The ring is a thick band and looks wonderful on my husband's hand. The fit was perfect. We did get sized at a jewelers for comfort fit rings. Customer service was wonderful and worked with me concerning size, and shipping was fast! <end>  This is a really great item!  My husband was looking for a two-tone wedding band when we recently got married and the costs at most stores were outragious. He wanted quality and affordability, and this ring offered both. It was sent fast, arrived in really nice packaging, and he really loves it. If you are looking for something like this I'd recommend this seller. <end>  Not just a ring...it's like wearing fine art on your finger!  This is by far the best $165.00 I've ever spent on jewelry. At first I objected to the high shipping charge till I realized this ring was made in and imported from Canada. The ring is a perfect fit, and it is a dazzler! The photos don't lie... you get a stunning 10k gold and silver ring that only looks expensive. It is a finely crafted, beautiful & durable ring you'll be proud to own. <end>  Beautiful  This is a gorgeous ring. It's everything I was hoping it would be. It's masculine enough for a man and yet feminine enough for a woman. My husband can't stop looking at it, waving his hand around like a newly engaged girl. <end>  Allegra Not So Stunning  Bought this ring for my husband for a Christmas present. He hated it!! Thought it looked like a piece of jewelry from a 25 cents vending machine. Had to wait over 10 days to reach someone by phone since the company was closed. The first person took a message and never called back. The description and picture in no way fit what we actually received. It is certainly not stunning. When we actually talked to someone about returning it, we were hit with a 35% restocking fee because the ring was "custom made to our specifications". What a joke!! This is the worst item I have ever ordered from the amazon site since I began using it several years ago. Will never order from this company again. <end>
 B000E9LSSK  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated 3mm Band 5mm Cubic Zirconia Engagement Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Very happy with this purchase  I am very happy with this ring set. I bought it as a temporary replacement for my wedding set since I'm pregnant and am having issues with swelling. I wear this set everyday and it fits great and is a good quality metal. I have not had any issues with the rings turning my fingers green like I did with a cheaper set I bought locally before I found this. I also received the product very quickly. It was scheduled to be delivered on June 3rd and I actually received it on the 1st. I definitely recommend buying from this seller! <end>  Beautiful  This ring is beautiful, understated, and elegant. Although, it may not be mistaken for the real thing upon close inspection,it is not so flashy that it screams fake. If you're looking for a replacement for the real thing, you just can't go wrong with this one(and the price is great too). <end>  Beautiful Duo!  This beautiful ring duo is absolutely stunning and very exquisite. When I put it on my jaw dropped it was gorgeous! I was very satisfied with this purchase. I have purchased rings before that have costed an arm and a leg that don't look this good! <end>  Exact  It looks just like how its pictured. Cant get any more specific then that. Anything as far as it fits... i dont know yet its still for christmas so well see what happens  ). shipping and what its supposed to be are right on. Fast shipping as well as EXACT looks. I was not disappointed. <end>  good quality  i am very impressed with my wedding and engagement ring. i couldnt have had anything better with the amount i paid for. its amazing that i got this to spice up my big day. i love it. good quality <end>  Wonderful!  I bought these rings in a size up because I am pregnant and my other set doesn't fit anymore. These rings are beautiful...so worth the money. As far as the rings not looking real.....You can tell if you are looking very closely but most people can't tell the difference and that is including my husband! <end>  Love this set!!!  I was truly surprised when I opened the pretty little silver box with the pink bow trimmed in silver and saw these rings! They are beautiful! And I haven't stopped smiling since. They give me joy every day! I have seen sets for a lot more money that didn't begin to compare with these. I ordered a size 5 and it was a perfect fit...I am very glad I decided to order these and I definately will be ordering again in the near future. <end>  I love it !!!!  It replace my wedding set, i use it every day. Its beautifuL & perfect. <end>  Beautiful!!!  I saw this ring online and fell in love when I got it it was even more beautiful! I love it! not to big and not to small!!! <end>  I LOVE MY INEXPENSIVE, BEAUTIFUL REPLACEMENT!!!  I was looking for another ring to take the place of my lost wedding ring. This ring was actually the second one I'd ordered, and I wish I'd seen this one first!! The ring is beautiful.....! I wanted something that would not look so gaudy, and this is the one! I have small fingers and need something kinda small. I wish the setting for the stone sat up a little higher, but it's still pretty on my finger. My husband loves it! There are small, unnoticeable flaws on the stones (i.e. a little separation between the stones). Overall, I am absolutely pleased with my choice, and I have already recommended this manufacturer to my friends and relatives!!! <end>  Beautiful Rings!  These are beautiful rings! They arrived the day we got married, in the cutest little box. Diamond is small enough to appear real and not gaudy. Very happy with this set. <end>  Beautiful  This set is beautiful. I totally love it. Looks very really so worth the money. Want to spend the money on wedding right now and not the rings. No one can tell it isn't real. Great purchase. <end>  STUNNING! Ring/Not so much anymore...  I bought this ring to replace my real diamond wedding band, to wear for everyday use. When I first took it out of the box I was amazed at how real it looks and feels. It's a fairly weighted ring, does not feel cheap. Once I put it on, I fell in LOVE with it! I actually like it better than my real ring! I have read other reviews that say the center diamond is to small or set low, but in my opinion, thats what I love about it the most, it gives it this modest yet expensive look. I didn't want a fake ring that looked to unreal for me to be wearing or too REAL that I get mugged! (meaning HUGE& SPARKLY) Overall I'm very very happy with my ring, and I would recommend it to anyone!  )UPDATE 01/10/11I am so sad, after wearing the ring just a few days one of the stones fell from the solitaire. I really loved this set, the look, the fit and the feel, but unfortunately I must return it!  ( <end>  Cheap, but beautiful!  This is one of those moments where the thought counts, and when it comes to this set, if you weren't told that it's not real, would you really even care?! Gorgeous set of engagement rings. I plan to propose to my boyfriend with these (yes, my boyfriend [perfect for gay couples. each person gets one]) and I have almost no money and this certainly fits the bill. Broke? Buy this.  ) It's even more gorgeous in person. <end>  GORGEOUS!!!!  Just got my ring today! Only took 3 days!! It comes in an adorable pink heart shaped box w/a ribbon tie on top. It is just as beautiful in person as it is on here! Looks exactly like the picture and fits perfectly! I am a size 5 and it fits perfectly! Both rings look so pretty paired together on the same finger also!My friends don't know its not real, and i am getting plenty of very positive feedback! They love it!! I was gonna get a real ring when taxes come, but this is so beautiful, its not necessary!! You will NOT regret buying this ring!! <end>  Very Pleased  I just got my set and I love them. They are the perfect size. The gem is just the right size not to big. Completely believable. Its better than I expected. It came in the cutest little gift box. I will deffinately order from this company again. <end>  It's pretty...BUT  The ring in itself is pretty. Although, it does look bigger in the picture.I love the way it sparkles, bute the fitting is off. I tried over and over again with the sizing chart and I still ended up with the wrong ring size. So, I ended up buying a ring guard.Overall, I was disappointed with the size of the gem and the fitting, but other than that it's pretty. <end>  Absolutely Perfect!  This is a beautiful ring! I have had this ring for a week now. (my husband purchased this for me) It has not turned my finger green, none of the stones are loose, and the slight nesting problem is only something the wearer will notice (it is so small and slight I can't hardly tell most of the time) It glitters and shines. We purchase this ring as a replacement, as i am constantly knocking off my real diamonds. I love it, wear it daily and it still has not lost it shine. very good quality and gorgeous. Not big enough to look fake. (I like smaller rings anyway!) I am very Happy with this ring! It is far prettier than what the picture describes! <end>  Stunning, sparkly ring fit for a princess.  I received my new ring set this morning, and I am thrilled with it. It sparkles and shines in low and bright light. My stones were secure and the sizing was right on. I can see what others are saying about the space between the two rings, but it is very slight and does not bother me at all. The size of stones is perfect for a small hand. They are noticeable without being too gaudy. It is something I would have picked out for myself in a jewelry store, and I paid less than $40 for it! I could not be happier with my purchase. <end>  Looks Good but.....  I bought this ring on August 26, 2012. It looked just like the picture and if you didn't look too close it also looks real. Only problem is that it has already started to tarnish. I wash my hands with soap and water, take them off when I get home and put them up, but it still tarnished. I am sending it back. <end>  tdrsz1030-7 Nickel Free Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated 3mm Band 5mm...  I love the ring but haven't worn it yet . It is beautiful and small.I also like that the prongs on the ring as they are not too high.Mrs. Dyer <end>  fantastic...  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. It's big enough to be believable, but not so big to be ridiculous. I love it! <end>  Perfect  Just received these rings and they are PERFECT (in size and clarity)! Way more than what I expected, they look like they cost a small fortune. Will definitely buy from this company again!! <end>  Ring is nice for the money. Size is wrong.  The ring itself is great for the money. The stones have a nice shine to them. There may be some manufacturer defects like mine arrived with a small chip on bottom of band and the center stone is set on a slant but nothing noticeable from a distance. The major problem that I've been having with ordering rings online is none so far measure true to size. I ordered size 8 the bag it came in even said size 8 but it measures at 19mm which is a size 9. I would definitely recommend this item to others just keep in mind you get what you pay for so don't expect something amazing. But i think this is worth the price. <end>  cant complain for the price  For the price of this set, a person can't complain. I wear it to ward off unwanted men from bugging me lol .. it works quite often enough. I have woman compliment on the rings and how they sparkle as if they were real. <end>  Love it!!!  I wasn't too sure about buying this but wanted something that fits my tiny fingers. After reading all the previous reviews. I decided to order it. Love. Love. Looks real when I wear it. <end>  I love this set.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I have really tiny fingers and I wish it was available in a 4 or 4.5 but it is beautiful. Exactly what I was hoping for. <end>  Beautiful!  I received my ring yesterday. It shipped super fast. I wear a 6 1/2 but since there are no half sizes I went with a 7 and it fits well.( the 6 1/2 would have been perfect though) The diamond is slightly bigger than it looks in the pictures, but it's a very pretty set. Glad I bought it. <end>  Gorgeous rings!  I love these rings so much! They are more beautiful than the picture and very real looking. I have been married 4 years and this is my 3rd Sterling Silver set. It took me a few times to find one that was exactly what I wanted and luckily they are cheap enough to do that. The 1st one I had was too big and obviously fake. The 2nd set I liked but didn't love. This one is perfect! The other sets I have had before have held up better than my white gold rings. I think it's crazy to spend thousands of dollars on a ring, when you can have an exact look alike for a small fraction of that. Save your money for a nice trip or outing.  ) The stone is about 1/2 carat size, so it's look more realistic than some of these other sets with 1+ carat. I would definitely recommend this item. <end>  beautiful  This set is so beautiful I wear a size 7 and it is a perfect fit. The stones sparkle beautifully. I would recommend this company and I will order again from this company. <end>  Excellent product from fantastic seller  I have purchased from Gem Avenue prior to this purchase and have been very pleased with each purchase. These rings are more stunning in person than in the photos for the ad. They sparkle and shine no matter what I seem to get my hands into. I haven't had any of the problems some of the others have mentioned other than the minor sizing problem which is easily fixable. Gem Avenue is a great company to work with and will work with you until YOU are satisfied. They have quick response to problems (I had a very minor one) and are very fast to attend to such errors. I'll continue to be a happily satisfied customer. <end>  Amazing and looks like real diamonds  I ordered this for my wife. She wanted a set of diamond rings that she could wear everyday without worrying about losing the stones or one that is not very expensive. The ring looks like real diamonds that she gets a lot of compliments at work and with friends. They asked where she bought it and for how much but she won't tell because they want them to feel she is wearing real diamond ring. Anyway for less than $30 purchased on sale, the engagement ring looks like it is worth over a thousand dollars. Buy one and you will see what i mean.TDRSZ1030-9 Nickel Free Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated 3mm Band 5mm Cubic Zirconia Engagement Ring Size 9 <end>  Honestly...  The picture shown on here doesn't do this ring any justice.! It is even more beautiful in person.! I was a little weary about purchasing a ring online for many reasons, one being unable to try it on. I had to order a 1/2 size up because they don't carry 1/2 sizes and that worked out great.! It fits perfectly, with a little room so when my fingers swell (which they do, often)it wont be uncomfortable. Overall, excellent set of rings for a price you cant beat and i would recommend them to anyone.! <end>  beautiful  I received my rings well before when they were supposed to show up. The box that they come in is so cute. When I opened it and looked inside, the rings were even better than pictured online. They are very beautiful and the fit is perfect! <end>  Awesome rings!!1  This is a very beautiful ring set. The delivery was also quick. I ordered on Sunday and got them on Thursday!! I also ordered a size smaller and got a perfect fit! They are beautiful and for the price you don't have to worry about ruining them. People are surprised when i tell them how much I paid for them!!! <end>  Very Happy  I had read all the reviews on this ring and did order a size smaller than what the size chart recommended. I am glad I did. It fits perfectly. This ring looks just like it does in the picture. It is very sparkly. It was shipped quickly after I ordered it. I am very pleased and will purchase from this company again. <end>  Great Company, Great Product  I was very pleased with my purchase. The rings are beautiful and more than I expected for the price. I received my order very quickly and was very pleased with the service of this company. Great Buy! <end>  Very Pleased.  I took heed of the sizing issues described by the other buyers, so I ordered my ring a size smaller than normal and I have a perfect fit. Very beautiful rings and also very believable. <end>  wonderful little set  My husband got me this set because my last set ($890 set) was lost/stolen, and i asked him not to ever buy me one that expensive again because i don't trust myself to not lose another one. I've had this set for a little over a month and i love it. I never take it off, no one notices that it's not real! It hasn't tarnished or turned my finger green or anything. I am truly amazed at this set. I had a hard time trusting a ring set that was purchased online where you can't see it in person, but i honestly love this set! <end>  Still looks nice  Purchased this as a "stand in" to my wedding set while I was pregnant and had swollen fingers. My son is now 3 months old and I am still wearing this ring. It still sparkles and I think it looks nice. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  good buy!  cant even tell it's fake! very good quality for a very good price! this will be my replacement whenever we travel to avoid losing my real ones. thanks! <end>  Ring is pretty  Didn't really like the setting so I have it as a back ring to my gold set, it pass for real diamonds and sparkle as long as you keep it clean <end>  Its okay  When I first got this ring I loved it. I couldn't believe that it was so pretty for the price I payed. It didn't look fake at all, it was so shinny and it looked more like white gold than silver, also it was a perfect fit in a size 5. However after a while of wearing it the shine begin to fade. Now it is beginning to look more like costume jewelry. But I cant really complain because it was so cheap. Overall it is pretty but I just wish the shine had lasted. <end>  Not very happy  I love the look if the ring but the first day I wore it to work and I'm a hotel manager so I have a desk job I picked up a stack of books and my ring bent and no one can fix it <end>  Ok  The ring is beautiful and people notice it but the only problem that I have is that the band keeps turning and people can really see the band most of the time. I plan to keep this ring until I can get the one that I want. No stones have fallen out yet and the of the ring is not thick( that's what I was looking for) so all in all I love the ring for the price we paid for it. <end>  Believable To 90%  I love this ring because it is believable that i could actually afford a diamond ring like this one and no one would think twice. The ring shines and sparkle beautifully. I've received more compliments than i anticipated. This ring is believable for the average working couple who's on a budget. Let's be real most of us on Amazon looking for a nice deal for our buck well this ring you can't go wrong for the price and on Amazon an upgrade is ssoooo easy to do when we're ready. Just think at these prices an upgrade can be done yearly. If you like change like i do this is an ideal way to purchase wedding rings. Spending 800-1000 on rings you stuck with the same look for years the average working Joe I'm speaking of. That same money i can change up at anytime and not feel guilty about money. The rings are beautiful and came so fast. <end>  wedding band  My husband bought this set, and they look really nice. I had a few people think the cubic zirconia was real diamonds. I love how light it is, there is a slight space between the two rings but only one that can tell is me. <end>  Do Not Waste Your Money!  I purchased this ring to replace my lost wedding ring (put it in a safe place and don't remember where that safe place is).Shipping was okay, not slow but not fast either.When I first opened the ring box I was instantly disappointed. The "diamonds" look fake. "Diamonds" have that blue tinge to do that screams fake.When I picked the rings up, they felt fake as well. That lightweight feel you get when you hold a 50 cent ring from the store machines.I have had it about 2 weeks and both rings have already begun to tarnish.Overall, I would definitely not repurchase and I caution anyone who is looking for a wedding ring replacement or a ring to wear daily not to purchase this ring set. <end>  Already getting dark  I bought this about half month ago. But it start to get dark now. Is it sliver??? Not worth the price, not fit for everyday wear. <end>  Unsatisfied  it looked real/beautiful on internet but when i got it, i wasnt satisfied 100% at all. This item will be my first and last order. <end>  Very Pretty  The rings are both very pretty and fit together nicely. If you look closely, the setting for the center ring looks cheaply made which gives the ring away as being fake, but for the price paid I think that is fair enough. On the upside, the smaller stones are very nice without any gaps, something I was a little worried about. Overall I'm very satisfied with the buy and it does not scream FAKE as some CZ rings do - the center stone is a nice size and the cz's used look nice. We will be putting off buying a "real" wedding set for a little longer since this set is so pretty and I like wearing it. The shipping was also fast and the company replied very quickly when I had a question. <end>  Looks fake  I have to say I was a little disappointed when I received this product. I was looking for a temporary set while my wedding set was getting worked on and thought I would give this a shot since it had pretty good reviews. I knew I wasn't getting diamond quality, obviously, but these rings look very fake even from an arm's distance away. However, Gem Ave's service was very good and I received my product in a timely manner. <end>  CRAP  Turns fingers green! Completely fake, not even real metal! Would have rather wear plastic out the bubble gum machine! Not recommended! <end>  Near perfect!  My boyfriend (I guess fiance now) got this ring for me as a placeholder while I'm still in clinicals for school so I don't risk losing a really nice one on a fire run or damaging it somehow. It looks almost exactly like the one he picked out at Kays. The setting is a tad different and the center stone is SLIGHTLY off center from one of the prongs but I only noticed that after staring at it for about half an hour straight. (Adding pictures of it up top)All in all, it's AMAZING. Especially for how little it cost. Everyone doesn't even question if it's real or not and I was even asked if I wanted it appraised for diamond trade in value on the 'real' one when we went into the jewelers haha. I absolutely love it! Giving it 5 stars because of the amazing quality for the price. <end>  wonderful set  I started looking for a bridal set after I lost my first set. I really loved my first set, but it was a little too big for my taste. I found this set after searching for something that was beautiful, without being over the top. I got the set yesterday, and the moment I opened the box, I knew this was the set I should have gotten the first time. I never wanted a set that was majorly expensive, because that wasn't why I got married. This ring set is perfect for someone who wants a beautiful, inexpensive, and feminine set. <end>  Wedding Ring Set  I love this set. It is so realistic, I have purchased other sets and this is absolutely the best one. I use this one for everday wear and receive so many compliments on my "diamond" set. It is great. Than you Gem Avenue for producing such great jewelry. <end>  Love  I love this ring I got the smallerRing before and loved it I just go this today and I'm happy fit is great it's sparkly and shiny and a perfect size I love it <end>  Bad Luck...  First I want to clear the air with misconceptions. Plain Sterling Silver Finished Rings will last longer than any other Finish ontop of any ring.. Rhodium Plated is know as the cheapest and easiest finish to sell. Because of this most Rhodium rings are lower in price. Do not be fooled. rhodium tarnishes from everyday wear, unlike sterling, No matter if its a walk in the park, Rhodium will tarnish and sometimes cleaning it with the cleaner will make it worst off. I learned this the hard way. Even though these rings look stylish and really really intriguing dont loose site, even if you have to pay 10 or 20 more dolllars for a plain sterling finish. Please do, because Rhodium is not meant to last very long. My ring faded after I slept in it.. It tarnished and i couldnt clean it, not even tooth paste worked... So sad.. but true... <end>  Not as nice a pictured looks very cheap!  I got this set because I lost alot of weight and I am not able to re-size my old ring set since the diamonds are all around the bands  ( So I figured this is going to be a nice replacement till my husband is getting me a new set for my birthday in December. To be honest I dont believe this is going to hold up for 6 month at all. The ring set is made very poor! There is a gab inbetween the stones witch I will end up loosing! I know what I am talking about I work in this department. The price tag should have told me everything! Not worth sending back so I will stuck with it and hope december gets here fast!  ) I would not recommend buying this set! Save your money and get something nice. Oh by the way if my husband would have bought me this set I would have killed him lol but since it was my own stupid idee I can even blame anybody but myself so guys be advised she will say NO if you buy her a crapy set like this! I know I would for sure! Please dont mind my english I am a proud German and yes this ring set ships to Germany thats the only reason I gave it a 2 star! <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is beautiful! I was looking for a ring to wear when I go on vacations/travel so I don't have to wear my really expensive wedding set, and this one was perfect! It looks almost exactly like my original wedding set. Very pleased with the product! <end>  Wonderful  It arrived on time and looks great, I don't wear it in the shower or when wishing dishes I want it to last for a very long time, but other than that I never take it off.. Just beautiful.. <end>  This set is GORGEOUS!  I was looking for an affordable replacement for my original wedding ring and I stumbled upon this set while browsing. I have never been a fan of the princess cut stones, but the set looked so pretty and had great reviews, so I decided to give it a shot. I figured worst case scenario, I'd get it and hate it and would just return it and order a different set. I just received it today and already I can tell I SO made the right choice! It's gorgeous and has completely turned me around on the princess cut style stones. The bands are very highly polished and have that brand new ring shine and the stones are some of the best quality CZ I've seen in awhile. The set is very well made and constructed, and the stones are the perfect size, not too small to be ignored, but not so big to the point where you know they are fake. I would highly suggest this set to anyone looking for a replacement set, or even your 'real' set. Take a chance, you won't be disappointed! <end>  amazing!! definitely a keeper!!  I just got it through Fedex, It is beautiful. I was a little scared especially after reading some reviews, and w/o a lie I was preparing myself to return it. But once I got it it is gorgeous! It is definitely a keeper. I just dont understand why sterling silver isn't considered a ''real'' ring if its just as good...I <end>  You get more than you paid.  I was expecting that this ring would be just like a cheap looking sterling silver but I was surprised when I got it. I love it so much. It is shiny and the stones are well set and the big square stone looks like a real diamond. Me and friends compared our wedding rings and they got real diamonds and real white gold but when we compare it together there's no big difference. I definitely recommend to buy this one... <end>  Beautiful  I think I have been wearing this ring for about 7 months or so now and it is gorgeous I love it and I am wearing it as my temporary engagement ring! I think it is worth every penny! <end>  Excellent set of rings  I really like this set of rings. The engagement ring looks like it has a real diamond, sparkles nicely and is a nice size (not microscopically small, not ostentatiously large). The sterling silver rhodium plated band is very nice, it hasn't tarnished, and it shines brightly. I'm allergic to nickel, which is one reason why I bought these rings. They are true to their "nickel free" advertising since I haven't had any reactions to them. The only reaction I get to them is everyone that sees them thinks they are beautiful. I like that the diamond has very little height, it makes it look more like it is inset and my clothes don't get snagged by it. I ordered size six and they fit perfectly. The rings sit together nicely without any noticeable gaps. All in all, these are an excellent set of rings, especially for the price! <end>  A little disappointing.  I usually love the things I order from Gem Avenue. I got rid of my real wedding set a few years ago (long story) and since then have been wearing cz sets. I ordered another set from Gem Avenue and it is amazing. I get compliments on it constantly. I thought it might be fun to have something new so I ordered this set. It's ok I guess but a little disappointing. It doesn't really look "fake" but it looks like a diamond set that would have been cheap because of poor quality. The rings do not sit flush together and contrary to other reviews, both my husband and myself could see the gap. The metal looked cheap and the setting seems a little off. I am going to be returning this set. I would say it's a good set to buy if you're just looking for something to wear while on vacation, but I'd recommend looking at the other sets Gem Avenue has. This one is certainly not their best. <end>  Very nice ring  This ring is very beautiful. I have been wearing it daily at work, shower, cleaning etc and it still is in perfect condition and looks perfect. Great quality for the price. I was very pleasantly surprised. I have even had many compliments on it. This ring was definitly a great purchase. <end>  Not bad at all  )  I bought these rings as a temporary wedding set until we have a little more money, and I have to say I am very pleased. I do have a few issues with them, mostly the engagement ring. On one side the band is straight where it connects to the center stone, and the other side is more curved. The center stone is a tiny bit crooked, but no one will really notice unless they are seriously studying it or if I point it out. Other than that the rings are gorgeous. Much nicer than I expected them to be. I have gotten so many compliments and a friend of mine didn't believe that they weren't real. The sizing was right on. Overall I am really happy with these rings and definitely would reccommend them!!  ) <end>  Good Set!  I bought this set as a replacement for when I sent my rings off for cleaning or sizing. It looks very similar to the set I have, however, up close, you can definitely tell that it's not real. Good price and decent quality for a replacement set if you are going on vacation or something and don't want to ruin your real set. <end>  Stunning  My husband and I have been married for 10 1/2 years, and my original engagement ring started to irritate my finger. When we started to look for an upgraded item, we encountered pushy rude sales people, or ones that would completely ignore you as you stood there looking into the case. Finally, I decided to look on Amazon, and I'm SOO glad I did.First, I like Solitaire, 4 prong, round cut. That's it. period. the end. So, when I found this ring, it went against everything I "love" in a ring. Since my wedding band was basically cutting off circulation in my finger, I thought that this would be perfect, I could "upgrade" both at the same time.As it shipped I wondered if I had made a mistake. I have never liked this type of ring. The square cut wasn't something I've ever wanted to wear.It showed up, and I put it on, and it was absolutely stunning! It looks so REAL! it's not overly huge, so that it's obviously fake, but it's not small either. My bands fit together pretty nicely, if one is rotating, usually the other is as well. However, these are not connected.I gave it 4 stars, because I wish that the stone in the center would be elevated a bit more. I wish I could give it 4 3/4 stars, but it doesn't give me that option.I have been wearing it now for a while, and there are some scuffs on the solid part of the ring. But when I say wearing it, I mean, I never take it off. I've gone swimming, washed my hair, my kids hair, the DOGS hair, done dishes, laundry, moved furniture, etc. All of the stones are still there and still just as "firey" as they were when I first put it on my hand. Everyone thinks its real  ) <end>  Where-s the box?  I've just received this ring and I like it. I bought it for my girlfriend and she loves it.The description says it includes a free gift box, the truth is the ring comes in a plastic bag  ( so it is the only complain I can have about it <end>  awesome...  This is absolutely beautiful...very petite and elegant..it much prettier then the pic shows so I'm very pleaded and love it do much ...I have long skinny fingers so this fits and looks perfect and the sizing is exact..ty again... <end>  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated 3mm Band 5mm Cubic Zirconia  This ring looks real and expensive. What can I say it's $35 bucks and not $3,500. I'm sure my son-to-be fake wife will love it. <end>  PERFECT!  Seriously...you cant even tell its not real...The stones are just the right size far from goddy and fake looking. I bought this set because i do manual labor for work and i didnt want to ruin my real set. I get so many complements!!...I got the set very fast to!...I cant wait to order more from this seller!!!.. <end>  stunning!  I have had my rings for a week now, and I am in love with them still as the day I received them. The stones look genuine and do not look fake. I wanted something to replace my wedding ring that no longer fits after babies. I got to tell you, I have had so many compliments in a week. My friends grab my hand and are stunned by its beauty. No one knows it's not my wedding ring and no one questions if it's real either. They all just figured I got original resized. <end>  beautiful  This is not too big not too small, its just the right size. The picture doesn't do it justice. It sparkles beautifully and is very durable. <end>  MarthaMartha  I received this ring from Amazon in a very timely manner. Its presentation was very nice. However, I did have to return it. It was smaller than the size ordered. It was a beautiful ring!! <end>  Its really pretty and shiny.  This ring set is really pretty and shiny, and looks real. This set is to replace my old one that I lost, and I feel it is just as beautiful as my original (except that my original was real white gold and real diamonds... and real expensive). I don't wear it everyday because I'm afraid it will tarnish and fade. I only put it on, on special occasions or on my dressier days. I noticed that after a few times of wearing, the side of one of the rings (the one with the big stone) looks a little scuffed from the two rings rubbing against each other. So make sure they always stay together on that one side to prevent the other side getting scuffed too. I put a little clear nail polish on the scuffed area to prevent further scuffing as well. Other than that, the ring is beautiful and well worth the cost. At this price, if I lose it, I won't cry this time. LOL. <end>  Perfect!!!  I wasn't expecting much on these rings due to the price but once I recieved them in the mail 2 days after ordering, it was then decided that they are worth the money!! I will definately buy from buyer again! These rings are beautiful, they look real and every comment we have gotten so far is ppl asking how much we spent on it and it sparkles like real diamonds. I love this ring, screw spending $4,000.00 if not more on a real one. I use my hands to much to go real. This is the perfect wedding band!!! <end>  Third time's a charm...  I was looking for a replacement for my wedding band and engagement ring since I could not fit them anymore due to pregnancy swelling. This ring is the third I purchased trying to find the best quality for the price. This ring is beautiful. Yes the center stone is not perfectly centered but you really can't tell. It looks pretty real. But it won't fool anyone who knows better. Honestly you'll never find a CZ ring that looks so real it will fool someone who knows what they're looking for. Honestly, who cares? Anywho this ring is great. I love it. Sizing in correct. I have a jeweler's ring sizer at home and it matched perfectly. I'm in love with this as a replacement. <end>  Ring  Very fast shipping and good quality merch. Thank u for everything and i will be ordering again in the future thanks <end>  Nice Set.  Nice set, a 5 is still to big for me, wish more rings came in 4.5, its the 2nd set of this ring I've bought. <end>  Very nice ring!  We purchase this ring as a replacement set due to an allergy to my gold. I wanted to see if the silver broke my hand out and it doesn't!!! With that being said this set is very similar to my gold set with dimonds and still I get a ton of compliments on the silver set. The cz's are realistic they are just the right size. The only con I have about the ring set is the engagement ring center stone under the facets is solid silver instead of facets that go all the way down into the band itself. Other than that great buy. <end>  Loved it while it lasted  The rings look great together. I really wanted to enjoy it for a long time, but it lasted about 2 weeks. First let me say that the center stone was not sitting evenly in the prongs when it arrived, but I thought it looked fine. One of the prongs got caught on something and got bent after a couple of days of wear. I bent it back in place, but it looked like it could snap off. Well a few days later it did break off and a few hours later I lost the large stone. I found the stone, but the main ring is not really wearable until I can get it fixed (add new prong). I am thinking the fix will cost as much as the ring so I am not sure what to do. The set is beautiful and I wanted to use it to replace my original set, but obviously it was not made well. <end>  Lovely ring!  This ring is very, very pretty without being flashy or overdone. Many ladies have commented on how well the two bands go together visually, and I certainly agree. This is a great piece of jewelry, looks genuine because it is understated, and that makes it all the more beautiful. <end>  Great Ring!  This ring is beautiful. I've had it for about a month now and it still shines! There is a very small gap between the rings, but I don't see what the problem with that is (it is two rings after all)! Everyone that I have shown it to cannot tell that it is not real. There is some wear on the side of the ring that rubs the other but its on the inside where you don't see it. I use it as my wedding set and wear it everyday with no discoloration and wash my hands with it on with no problems. This is a beautiful ring and I would highly recommend it  ) <end>  Beautiful!  I got this in the mail last week after purchasing, took about a week to receive.I bought this as a replacement wedding ring until mine fits. After my pregnancy my fingers are still bigger than they were, and i wanted something for the time it takes for my actual wedding ring to fit.This looks almost identical to my actual wedding ring, and i love it!I only gave it 4 out of 5 only because the center stone does look a bit fake because of the cut, but only if you look closely at it. Everyone LOVES it and thinks its beautiful, and no one can even tell its not my real wedding ring. People have said "wow you have your wedding ring on again!" Hahah!There is a very small gap between the 2 rings, but honestly, no ones going to pay attention to it, and it looks like the rings might be little loose and slid just a bit, no harm done.Overall this ring is beautiful, does not look tacky or fake, and i would definitely recommend!UPDATE (Dec 2010) I've had this ring for a good while now, and it still looks just as good as before! Yes, it has endured some scrathes and dings, but my wedding ring was just as bent up because I don't ever take it off. I LOVE this ring and am honestly in no hurry to get my wedding ring sized or lose the finger chub for it to fit again. This is an awesome stand-in, and if it gets damaged, oh well, it's inexpensive anyways, & no one can tell the difference! <end>  Impressive ring for price  i ordered this ring to use as a cheap double for the real engagement and wedding ring on a honeymoon to Mexico. I was very surprised at how close to the real thing this ring looked for the price. A close examination will show that it is a cheap ring, but not bad for around $25. A jeweler even thought we had bought it at their store for a minute. We are very satisfied with this ring for the price. <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased this set as a temporary replacement due to swelling during pregnancy. I have received multiple compliments on how pretty the ring is in general and comments of surprise to see "my ring" still fit on my finger so far into my pregnancy. It's definitely not obvious at first glance that this is not a genuine diamond ring. I followed the ring sizing chart and was not disappointed in the fit. <end>  Is this actually plastic??  Upon opening this ring, I thought, "wow, this is beautiful!" And then I took it out of it's cute little box and my heart sank. It was lighter than air, and felt like it was made out of plastic. I wore it for the day, took it off that night, and realized that it was scratched where the stone on the engagement ring meets the wedding band.I am sadly disappointed in this purchase. It was cheap, and now I know why. I was unsure of whether or not I actually wanted a fancy diamond wedding set, and this answered my question, at a very inexpensive price. I now know that the traditional wedding set is not for me. I'm glad I purchased this ring first before I purchased something far more expensive.At a glance the ring is beautiful. If you don't mind feeling like you are wearing a plastic ring, then go for it. I for one need something a little more substantial and will be purchasing a Robert Lee Morris ring for my wedding ring. <end>  Tarnished!!!!!  When I first got this it was very pretty, however in the 9months I've had it it's gotten very tarnished. I would not recommend this ring to anyone. <end>  WE SAVE ALOT OF MONEY STARTING OUT....  I LOVE THE RING IT LOOKS GREAT I'M SO GLAD I HAVE IT NOW!! IT LOOK SOOOO GOOOOD IT WAS REALLY MORE THEN WHAT I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE...ME AND MY HUSBAND WANTED TO CUT SUM OF THE COST OF THE WEDDING AND WE BOTH GOT OUR RINGS ON THIS WEBSITE AND WE ARE GOING TO UPGRADE ON A LATER DATE... BUT EVERYBODY IS IN LOVE WITH BOTH OF OUR RINGS...THIS WAS A GREAT IDEA IF YOUR ON A BUDGET THAT WAY U DON'T GO INTO A UNION OWNING BILLS OFF DA GATE.... <end>  Bad Product!  The diamond does not have any height to it. This ring looks very cheap. I was not empressed with this product at all. I sent it back for a refund. <end>  ring  very pretty but the gold turned a different color! i will never do the cubic again online i recommend silver gold but not cubic <end>  blah!  The set was actually really nice looking. BUT, the center stone is tottally crooked! It really throws off the look of the ring and the center diamond has no height to it at all. I really dont know how to feel about this set because its a really beautiful set. But it also has a really big flaw. 50% good and 50% bad. But otherwise nice and believable. Im returning my set that i just recieved today. Not happy about the center stone at all. <end>  AWFUL! Do NOT buy this junky ring!  !!!!BUYER BEWARE!!!!!When I received this set, to say that I was disappointed, would be a gross understatement. I was disgusted! First of all, the ring was damaged/defective (whatever you want to call a mess up). The center stone was improperly set and positioned within he prongs. It was crooked. And I assure you it was extremely obvious. It didn't take any close inspection to see. It was glaring. Then the prongs themselves were also bent down in mismatched places on the stone, one being bent straight down the side edge of the stone vs. pointing relatively toward the center. This only added to the overall impression of the stone being crooked. It made the stone look as if IT were misshapen and cut wrong.I get that you can't expect fake jewelry that costs $30 to be the same quality as the real deal... But this? It looks like it came off the $5 carousel at walmart. And frankly, I wouldn't have bought it from there, for that price. It looks like crap. It looks like a gumball machine ring, or something that could have come out of a little girl's dress up set.Now, even had the prongs been set properly, etc. I still wouldn't have worn it. That just added insult to injury. The ring, had it been in perfect shape, still would have looked like something from the dollar store. It doesn't look anymore "real" than a peice of glass stuck in a plastic band. The silver even looks funny. It looks like tin foil. The reflective sheen is a dead give away.The stones don't look like diamonds at all. They don't even look like good immitations. They look like cheap junk.Also the center stone is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to large to be believable. On anybody. It's about a 3-4 ct. stone. It looks absurdly fake. So unless you think that your friends might actually be able to bring themselves to believe that you could afford a $15,000.00 ring, then ummm yeah it'll be too big.And if you can pull that off, then maybe you can also convince them that you know, all good metals are as shiny as tin foil, too.Don't get this ring. Don't waste your money.BTW.. I found a beautiful, well crafted and believable ring for a little bit more $$$ (but still at a VERY decent price) at [...] <end>  GREAT BUY!!!!  I lost the diamond in my engagement ring after only having it for 2 years! I was devastated!!!! So I immediately started searching for a CZ to wear until my hubby and I could afford to buy a new ring. This ring exceeded my expectations! First, I received the rings 4 days earlier than expected. Second, the price was fantastic. Third, the ring is beautiful! I am very happy with this ring and I plan on wearing for while (well at least that what my hubby told me) <end>  Will keep this company in mind for the future  I purchased these rings as a travel set for my upcoming destination wedding. They arrived quickly, and were very pretty. Unfortunately, I had been sent a different size than what I had requested. I also think I would have sent them back anyways, because the center stone in the ring was smaller than I had anticipated. However, if you're looking for a pretty, but more modest wedding set, I recommend this product. <end>  Love it!  Purchased as travel rings so that I can leave my good ones at home and not worry about them. Love these rings. Have been wearing them daily to see how they do. So far so good. No discoloration. Still shiny. These may become my daily rings instead of just my travel rings! Thinking about buying another set, just in case. Thanks! <end>  unbelieveably Beautiful  This product is so much more than i expected,i can't begin to say how pretty and sparkly this set of rings are,and for the price it is well worth it,please don't pass this up if you are considering purchasing this set of rings <end>  love it  Ive had it since late october and it is perfect, has bein complimented like crazy. really shiny and comfortable together and seperatley  ) i would recommend it. also came with a little cute blue box with a bow! better then being sent in a plastic cover!! <end>  order a size up  I ordered a size 9 because i do have a little fat finger but it still was alittle to snug other than that it is very nice. <end>  ring purchase  I bought this ring as a wedding anniversary surprise, so I was taking a guess that it would fit.To my suprise it fit very well, and she loved it. the color was nice and the whole overall look of the ring was very pretty on her. <end>  While the item looks beautiful  The first time I wore it one of the prongs holding the stone in broke, unfortunately i waited for awhile to wear it so it's outside of the return policy date. <end>  well it looks as much as it costs  It looks like I only paid 45.oo for it but it will do while i wait for my other ring. It looks fake close up but sparkles like crazy. I am happy for the price. There are much better Cz rings out there. you get what you pay for. <end>  Beautiful, but too small  The ring was very pretty and believable as a diamond. However, I returned it because it was too small for my personal taste. I am 5'5 140lbs, size 6 ring, with chubby fingers. This would be perfect for someone with very slender fingers though! The center stone and the width of the bands were just too small! <end>  Sterling Silver Engagment Set  I kind of knew as soon as I saw this ring that this was it! It looked very simple and elegant, which is what I was looking for. I received it very quickly and is as beautiful as it looks online! I love the Princess cut in rings and the stone is not raised too high so this was a great choice for me. I'm glad I chose my exact ring size, it fits perfectly....great ring! I think someone mentioned that the stone is a little off-centered, which I think it is, but I just received it today so this is all I can say about it at this time.....Thanks Gem Avenue!! <end>  Last Minute Miracle  I am the worlds best procrastinator so of course I waited until eleven days before the wedding to even think about rings. My current ring is two big and a hand- me - down that I did not want to size down to a 4.5. I was having the worst time finding a ring that small but I fell in love with this set. I ordered the 5 anyway and was worried but when I got it it fits great! My fiance loves it and we both love the price! It looks amazing and feels great! You don't have to be rich to feel like a princess on your special day...this ring makes all the difference to me. If you are wanting to have a beautiful ring and don't have a big budget, buy this ring and I'm sure you won't regret it. I know I don't! Good luck! <end>  you are getting what your paying for...  You are getting what you pay for... The shipping on this item was great, on time and cute little blue holder for rings. However, the rings themselves were much to be desired... First, the cz in them looked very cheaply produced. Secondly, the setting was horrible. The main stone was set flat with little to no elevation. Poorly designed overall. <end>  Sad  I loved this ring at first, It was very sparkly and realistic but I only have had it for only 1 month and two of the side stones fell out! I didn't hit it on anything. I don't even know when it happened, I just looked down and it was broken. I don't do anything that is really hard on my hands but I am a medical assistant so I wash my hands a lot and it has gotten pretty dull. I was really disappointed by this ring. I really had high expectations because of all of the rave and wonderful reviews... but now I'm just sad. <end>  i like it! It looks real.  When i bought this ring it looked just like what i wanted. It is small enough that it looks real, but i wish i had an idea as to how many carats it was supposed to be. I wanted something a bit bigger, but i serves the purpose. It is nice and shiny and i have been getting compliments. I would suggest this if you would like a small engagement ring. <end>  Durable and very sparkly  For the price I was not expecting anything really spectacular but after reading a few reviews I thought I would just order a set and see for myself. I was entirely pleased with this purchase. I wear a size 5 and it fits very comfortably. The two bands fit together with no gap and as with other reviews looks much better in person than in pictures. I was delightfully surprised about how much the ring sparkles and carries the light, especially at night it really stands out. The size of the stones are well proportioned to be believable and still evoke some wows. Although the setting isn't perfect, the gem spacing and inlay isn't obvious or noticeable in any way unless analyzing it very critically. The metal scratches pretty easy, but that goes for most rings I've owned. Its very comfortable to wear, no edges or sharpness to the setting. I'm not gentle with my hands by any means, its gone through dishwashing, cleaning, been under leather motorcycle gloves, snow gloves, nitrile gloves in the lab and never snagged or ripped through anything and still looks just as good as when it arrived. I'd buy from Gem Avenue again <end>  Wonderful money saver!  The rings are beautiful!!! They fit together perfectly. They are light weight and not very chunky which I happen to like. They arrived in perfect condition. This saved me a lot of money! I am very happy with them!!!!! <end>  Pretty but---  The ring shines beautifully however, you can tell the ring is fake by it's prongs. I was hoping it would have 4 realistic prongs holding the diamond, instead, its a "cracker jack" box type of prong setting. <end>  Great for the price  I bought this ring as a replacement for my wedding set. I lost my wedding band and my engagment ring doesn't fit, so I wanted something to wear until we can afford to buy me a real set. I've had this ring for about a week now and love it. It doesn't look fake and fits nice. I gave it four stars because the engagement ring is just a tad bit smaller than the wedding band. It's not very noticalbe but I am a little ocd about things like that. Otherwise, it's a great ring for the price and now my husband doesn't have to rush out and get me a new set, I'm content with this one for a while. Even if it does start to show some wear, for the price I can just buy another, no big deal. LOVE it and have recieved many compliments!  )Nickel Free Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated 3mm Band 5mm Cubic Zirconia Engagement Ring Size 8 <end>  I really wanted to love this ring  We wanted a temporary ring until I get my real rings, so I thought this one would be excellent. Upon close inspection, I noticed that the ring was beautiful, had lots of sparkle and shine BUT the stone was crooked. I figured, since we didn't spend much, and it wasn't completely obvious, I decided to wear it. I received a few compliments on it for the first couple days. Well, after 4 days, one of the side stones fell out and I just couldn't pretend anymore. It had a lot of potential as a set and engagement ring but I didn't want anything else to go wrong. Unfortunately, I had to send it back. This was just MY experience. The company has been helpful and I look forward to my refund. <end>  Just Right  After looking at rings for a wedding set for about 4 months I finally decided to purchase this set. I received them and they are perfect. Since they were such a cheap price I didn't expect them to be this nice. I wanted somethng that I could wear without having to worry about freaking out if I lost a stone out of one or banging them around when working. I am very picky, my husband says I have a little bit of OCD. I was concerened that the center stone would be to big and look fake or that the other stones would be so small you wouldn't be able to see them at all. I also was worrying about other issues that I had read about on reviews of other rings. The Size, the center stone being lose right out of the package, the stones turning black or quickly falling out. I had also read the review on this ring that said that there was a little gap between the rings because the center stone on the engagement ring was not set up high enough to let the rings nest together. So I was very anxious to actually receive the set in the mail and try them out for myself. They finally got here and I was VERY surprised to say the least. They were perfect. The stones were just the right size, not to small but not big enough they looked fake when showing people. The women at my work thought that they were real. All of the stones were secure in their settings and they are still just as sparkly now as when I took them out of the box. I wear a size 10 ring and its hard for me to find nice rings in my size. When I Took these out of the box and put them on they fit perfectly. There is a TINY gap between the rings but it is VERY TINY (so tiny I can't even think of anything that would fit in the gap between them, maybe you could get a VERY tiny knife blade between them but that s about it.) and not noticeable to anyone other than the wearer. I am VERY pleased with this purchase and I will be ordering from this seller again! <end>  Worth the $  I had to buy a replacement for my wedding set due to pregnancy swelling, and this item looked the closest I could find to my real set. This is an excellent product for the money (2 rings!); however, if you look closely at the center stone you can tell it's not a real diamond (and really, how often does anyone but the wearer really look that closely?). The only reason I rated it a 4 instead of 5 was because the center stone should be set up higher to allow the two rings to nest. Due to how the prong is set, there is a small gap between the rings when they are placed next to each other (again, something no one else but the wearer will notice). <end>  Beautiful Rings!  I ordered these rings in size 5 and they were just right. I love them, they look very pretty, and after 1 month of wearing - even when I do the dishes - they haven't been tarnished a bit. Will buy again from GEM AVE. <end>  Cute set...  but if you order these with the expectation that they will pass for real diamonds, you will be disappointed. They look like what they are, costume jewelry. I rated them 3 stars because the prongs are not lined up perfectly and one is bent so I am going to return them. If they weren't defective, I would probably keep them because they fit nicely (ordered them a size smaller than normal) and they seem comfortable. <end>  Beautiful ring  The ring was very beautiful and worth the price. The shipment arrived on time. <end>  Gorgeous and WELL WORTH it!  This is an absolutely gorgeous ring and is well worth the money!The seller shipped promptly and the packaging made sure the ring was safe and secure. My daughter and her fiance are delighted with it as am I. I would recommend this product to anyone who deserves/desires a beautiful wedding set. <end>  Beautiful!  I did not have an issue at all with the sizing. I wear a six and ordered that size in this ring and it fit perfectly. This is a beautiful ring. The diamond is not too big and not too small. My original wedding set is yellow gold and I was looking for something that would go with the silver jewelry that I wear most often now. Perfect addition to my collection. Would highly recommend. <end>  BUY THIS RING!  I bought his ring as a replacement for my wedding set and i couldnt be happier! The set is stunning! The stones have a wonderful shine to them, and it fits great! You would never know they were CZ's. I will definately buy from this seller again, they shipped promptly.UPDATE Ive had this set of rings since January and they still look great! I wear them in the shower and while doing dishes but they still have a great shine to them. NO REGRETS HERE! <end>  3 months later and she still loves it  Bought this for my Fiancee' as we were in a very tight finical situation. She loves it, her friends & co-workers love it & 65 of her friends on FB clicked "like" after positing the picture.. We waited a few months before doing our review just to see if the quality held up.. I can say that She is like a bull in a china shop & it has survived for 3 months now lol. Well worth the $45. Our wedding is set for August, I'll update again then to let you know if it's still holding up.. <end>  Gorgeous ring  I had my doubts about ordering this ring after I read a few reviews about the prongs being bent and the middle stone being crooked. When I received this ring I couldn't believe that is was a cz ring. The first day I wore it I received compliments and my husband said it was beautiful ring. The size of the stone makes it look like a real diamond ring. <end>  Beautiful set!!  We purchased this set to be my wedding set as we are low on cash and I did not want something expensive for fear of losing it, etc. This set is absolutely beautiful! I absolutely love the setting, and the cut of the CZ. To me, it doesn't scream fake, but if you get close to it and really want to analyze it, you will probably be able to tell its a CZ, although I think it sparkles and shines just as well or better than some diamonds personally. The only thing that I think could be a little better is that it could be a little more scratch resistant, but that could be the plating as I have had other sterling silver rings that weren't plated that didn't scratch as easily. Gem Avenue is a great seller and extremely helpful and quick in response time and shipment! I will buy from them again! if you are looking for a great looking set at a great price, this is your set! <end>  pretty rings, great buy  For the price, they are great rings and can actually pass as real. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 is becuase the seem to run maybe half a size to big. <end>  articulo completo  Excelente articulo, llego en el tiempo estimado y articulo llego con las especificaciones estipuladas en la descripcion del vendedor. Muy bueno el articulo <end>  Extremely Low Quality Ring  Thats sums it up, spend a little more and buy something else you wont regret it, its already losing its color <end>  Love it!  Beautiful! I bought this set to replace my lost set. Was feeling a bit naked. It was well worth the cost. I'm allergic to nickle and have had no problems since they arrived. You can't tell they aren't the real thing. I would definitely recommend! <end>  beautiful  it looks so real, and have gotten many compliments, Im very glad I bought it, the price was to good to pass up. <end>  Was so excited until....  My fiance bought this ring and put it on my finger a month ago. It was beautiful and we were so excited. After a month of regular wear, the band started changing colors, the band has bent, and we cannot get it fixed. Furthermore, the stone has a milky color to it and cleaning does no good. This ring has broken both of our hearts. Buyer be warned. If you intend to wear this as an engagement ring (as in one you don't take off), don't buy this ring. If you plan to wear it as costume jewelry, I am sure it will be fine. <end>  Awesome  I love this set! It looks beautiful had them for a year and they look just as wonderful as when I first got them. We were saving up money to buy the actual rings and now that I have them I still wear this set from time to time! Money well spent. <end>  Love It!  This ring is beautiful...way better than I expected to get!The cost is unbelievable for the product I received!Thank You <end>  Pretty, BUT...  I fell in love with this set when I first saw it. I ordered it because I was in need of a wedding band, as I got married in may 2012, and my original engagement ring no longer fit(at the time). I was so excited to get it in the mail. Then it came and disappointment hit. The ring was still very pretty, however, one of the stones on the band was broken. Another on the "engagement ring" doesn't sit right in the setting. Some of the stones in the band are cramped together while there are gaps at each end. On top of it, the sides of the settings aren't straight at all. At a glance you don't really see any of the flaws, but given the chance to study the ring and you pretty much notice every flaw right away. In all honesty, if it weren't for one stone being broken and another not sitting right, I would have given this set a 5. <end>
 B000E9NIXI  Nickel Free Tarnish Free Sterling Silver Brilliant Cut 6mm Clear Cubic Zirconia High Polished Finish Rhodium Plated 5mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  wonderful!  OMG! This ring is gorgeous and still looks as great as the day we received it! I love this ring and its the most beautiful ring I've seen yet! I highly recommend this ring to everyone! <end>  Rattling wedding ring.  )  Just received this ring set in the mail today, and I must say, it is lovely. It's difficult to find a cubic zirconia ring where the main stone is of reasonable size because I didn't want to wear 2 or 3 carats. This one is large enough to notice, but not too big that it's screaming "LOOK AT ME!" This ring really shines in the light, even the little stones on the band twinkle. I really like the matte finish of the middle band because it allows you to really notice each layer of the ring.I hate it when people call cubic zirconia "fake". I'm not trying to fool anyone, and if anyone asks, I'll tell them it's cubic zirconia. There's no shame in owning something that is MORE sparkly and more affordable than diamonds! If you could buy a diamond that was as clear and gorgeous as a cubic zircona, you sure as hell wouldn't be shopping on Amazon for bargains. That being said, I don't think anyone will be asking if it's "real", because the average person won't be able to tell the difference.What gives this ring 4 stars is that the main setting is rattling a bit. I don't want to bother with exchanging hassles, so hopefully the problem can be solved by a local jeweler. Shipping was ahead of schedule and I love the price! Other than that, the ring is beautiful and I'm very happy with my purchase. I don't get married until the end of September 2010, so I'll be back a few months after that letting you guys know how the ring is holding up under everyday use. <end>  beautiful, very believable --the real thing!  This size center stone look believable. Color of the ring look more like white gold than silver. <end>  Nice ring.  I love the ring. it is more beautiful then the pictures. My only complaint is that the middle band of the ring which is a matte metal scratches easily not like the rest of the ring. <end>  Very Pretty  I purchased this based on other reviews and I'm very happy. It's very pretty especially for the price. I wear it as my wedding ring when I don't want to wear my real wedding ring because of traveling or afraid of losing it while going out at night. People have told me how nice it looks. I also like how the center ring separates to wear alone if wanted. Very sparkly and beautiful for not being a real diamond. So far the bands has not scratched much like other sterling silver rings. Also the texture of the center ring is matte which also hides little scratches and makes it more unique yet still traditional. <end>  weding ring  buy it, you will love it, get complements all the time and I dont have to worry when im working hard that i will ruin it. Looks real to everyone. <end>  THANK GOD IT'S BEUATIFUL  have wanted to get a change from my reg wedding set but like many i don't have 2000.00 to spend on one.so i decided to go for cubic. iam sooo happy i did this is the third ring i have ordered(not all from gem)and this is the keeper iam very picky on my rings they have to shine just right, fit just right and be of a belivable size stone. this one has hit all three perfect. iam a happy women <end>  Totally in love with this ring  My fiance ordered this ring for me a few months ago in preparation for our wedding on September 1, 2010 and I finally got the chance to see it two days ago. I am completely in love with it, it is GORGEOUS, not too big, not too small, it looks incredible on my finger and looks 100% real. This ring is definitely worth the price. Go get one. <end>  Lovely!!  I just received this ring today...7 days early mind you, and it is gorgeous! I had bought another wedding set from Gem Ave that is lovely also, then I spotted this one! It looks so real and feels so awesome on your finger. It looks like a $2000.00 ring made of platinum and diamonds...it would fool anyone, except a pro!...I would highly recommend this ring to anyone and Gem Ave are wonderful to buy from...A+++++++++++ thanks <end>  Nice!  Bought this ring because I wanted to change looks from my old wedding ring and not spend alot. This is a gorgeous ring I love it no problems with it and everyone comments on it. Would recommend it to others. <end>  Very beautiful, believable ring.  I love this ring. The delivery was very fast and came in a pretty box. Unfortunately, I have to send it back for a replacement because the middle stone is a little loose, not very tightly mounted in the prongs. Otherwise, this is a gorgeous ring and very believable- looks like the real thing. It looks much better than the picture. <end>  Beautiful!  I love this ring! It is very beautiful and I highly recommend. I like that it is thicker and it has a nice presence on the finger. The other day in the elevator, the UPS man (of all people) commented on it. He went on and on about what a good looking stone it is and how my husband did a great job. I just smiled and thanked him. It's totally believable. <end>  LOVED IT  absolutely loved the ring. Fast delivery. worth the price looks like it should cost more. <end>  Disappointed  Pretty Ring but 3 seconds after opening my package I noticed a stone was missing. Killed it for me. Also, it didn't look as real as I had hoped it would be based off of other reviews... <end>  OK  Item was ok - I did not like the way it looked on my finger once I received it. I gave it to my mom and she loved it - she wears it all the time. <end>  Don't buy  Come on this ring it's so cheap my wife broke it on the first day it's light and it doesn't look like a real ring stay away from this one <end>  beautiful!! This ring will last if you treat it right  This ring is beautiful. I have no compaints so far. The metal is sterling silver so it will be durable. I am always careful with my jewelry. I do not swim, clean, garden or do anything with harsh chemicals. Already for this ring there were two pics which one was sparkling and the other the ring looked horrible. Well mine is still bright and sparkling. The center ring has a matte finish and i love that. I can tell you tho, to just be careful with your ring. I only wear my jewelry to work, church, and out to shop. i dont wear it at home and that keeps all my sterling silver jewelry nice and not tarnished and dingy looking. The center stone is very believable. i have been wearing this ring daily since i received it. i have matched it with a eternity diamond band. Also the ring guard fits several of my other solitare rings and i love that too! <end>  Gorgeous  I am amazed at how fast Gem Ave shipped my ring I got it 4 days ahead of schedule and it is a gorgeous ring. i am so pleased with the quality and I will definitely order from them again. Love, Love, Love this ring. <end>  Exactly what you pay for  This ring was ok, but the outer parts of the ring bend very easily and the stone itself rattles after a week of owning it. This ring is exactly what you are paying for, it really wasn't exactly what i expected but i should have known better. I wouldn't suggest it for anyone. <end>  Love It  Cuando vi la sortija me impresiono muchisimo. Es mas bella de lo q se ve. Las dos tonalidades de la plata le dio un aspecto unico. Mi esposo se enamoro de ella. <end>
 B000EADOU4  Sterling Silver Yellow Crystal Hook Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  perfect  These earrings are the perfect length and the perfect price.They are even cuter in person! <end>
 B000EDH1KA  Sapphire and Diamond Heart Pendant 14kt White Gold ||	  Just Okay  There's nothing wrong with this necklace, but there's nothing that great about it either. The sapphire was a much darker blue than pictured and the whole piece was smaller than advertised. While I don't really have much to complain about, I just wasn't overly impressed. <end>
 B000EE3J6Y  Blue Turquoise Carved Flower Silver Stud Earrings ||	  Getting a lot of compliments  Very elegant earrings. I am getting a lot of compliments. I love all my purchases from Dahlia. <end>
 B000EE6XO4  Rose Quartz Cubic Zirconia Flower Cultured Pearl Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  Rose Flower With Pearl  This pendant with chain is to die for. Everywhere I go I get "WOW THAT"S PRETTY" <end>  very pretty  I got this as a gift for my roommate for Christmas. It did come with a different chain than the one in the picture. The chain that it came with is silver and has little gold beads every now and then, which I actually like better than the picture they have up. This necklace is so pretty that I almost kept it for myself  P <end>  nice pendant  We received the item fairly quick, it seems nice and well designed but unfortunately we had to return it due to the fact that we order the wrong length.we can't give 5 stars because we don't how it looks when wearing it. <end>  Linda  I bought this necklace as a gift to myself. I loved it so much that I bought it for a girlfriend. Every time I wear this necklace I get compliments. The necklace is delicate and beautiful. <end>
 B000EE9CL0  Red Coral Rose Heart Shaped Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  beautiful  This is a really beautiful necklace but the only downside was that the chain that it came with, although pretty, was much too small. It would probably only fit a child but that could easily be fixed by buying a new chain. The rose on the heart does not look cheap or poorly made; it is good quality and elegant. Overall I really like this necklace and recommend it for those that like this type of necklace! <end>  Not quite as pretty as pictured  I ordered this necklace for my sister b/c she loves red coral and I thought it was pretty and delicate. It arrived very quickly and in a beautiful box, but I was a little dissapointed when I opened the package. The rose is not nearly as red as it is shown in the picture. It is really much more of a pale peach color - it also is not as defined in its carving as the picture shows. The rose was smaller and not as "open" looking. It is still quite pretty, and I'm sure my sister will love it, but it isn't what I was expecting. <end>
 B000EEBP1K  Red Fused Glass Pendant - 17.75 inch cord ||	  Versatile glass pendant.  This pendant is lovely, and because of the deep red color, goes very well with other colors. It can be worn with semi-dressy outfits or jeans. <end>
 B000EG6FY0  Sterling Silver Sculpted Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  great buy  nice earrings thought they would be a little larger then they were but great buy and I wear them as everyday earrings and haven't had a problem with them <end>
 B000EG6G1M  Sterling Silver 50mm Hoop Earrings ||	  not perfect, but fine anyway  I like these earrings. They are a good size, and are light enough not to be a pain to wear. I had a problem with the closer on one. After the earring fell off a couple of times, I examined it and was able to fix it myself with no tools, so I didn't take off much. Just enough to not be perfect. I would definitely buy these again, or recommend them. <end>  Very Classy!  I am very happy with these silver hoops. I wanted some bigger hoops that would be flattering and classy, and they're perfect. They haven't tarnished at all yet and they're high-quality. They're not too heavy on my earlobes, either which is good for me! <end>
 B000EG8J30  Sterling Silver Large Eternity Earrings ||	  Girlfriend Loves 'Em  Bought the matching necklace first and she loves it, so I got her these and she loves them, too. <end>  What fun!  It is always a bit unnervinng ordering jewelry online. I am a photographer and know how beautiful a lens can make items look; however these did not disappoint. And what fun to wear! They are light and fall in just the right place. Not too trendy either. I would consider these a timeless set! <end>
 B000EGN192  Apex Copper Bracelet, Medium Link Size (5/16") ||	  Good-bye Arthritis  I'm not really sure this works to alleviate arthritis, but many folks told me to get a copper bracelet and see if it worked. I'm not much of a jewelry person so I thought it would be a pain. But it fits nice. The clasp stays shut. And it looks good. It leaves a green band on my wrist, but hey, that's the point. <end>  copper braclet  This size is for a female. nice fit.don't know if it helps with pain but I feel great, also my exercising 3 times a week does help also. <end>  Copper bracelet  Very happy with this product. Nice chunky copper bracelet. The clasp kept opening at first, but I bent the arms inward toward each other and have had no problem since. If you want a no-nonsense copper bracelet, this is the one! <end>  No good..  This thing turned my arm black & the whole braclet was black..I was looking for semthing that would last, but this is not it...no I would not recommend this.. <end>  love it  I really like this copper bracelet it's the size I have been looking for ..it fits my small wrist a little big but I still can wear it.. <end>  Clasp keeps opening  I really like the bracelet but the clasp won't stay closed. I have lost is two times and have found it both times. I have worn copper bracelets for years and they really work for arthritis. I am very disappointed in the clasp and would like a solution for this problem. Help! <end>  Copper Bracelet  I have gotten a lot of very nice compliments on this bracelet. I am ordering more to give as Christmas presents. <end>  Too small...  This product advertised as 'one size fits all' was too small. I returned it and they send me another. Also too small. <end>
 B000EGPM3U  Apex "I Am Diabetic" Bracelet ||	  Save your money  They wouldn't ship to an APO so I had to have it sent to my sister and then she sent it to me. It is very badly made. The writing is so close to the top of the square it is hard to read. The chain left a black residue on my wrist when i tried it on. It is so gritty I know I will never wear it. Save your money! <end>  Diabetic Bracelet  It serves the purpose, but it seemed to me that the image was a lot prettier and sparklier than it turned out to be. I wear it more than the necklace since it does not look as bad with my clothing. <end>  for type II diabetics  I was happy to find a reasonably-priced medical bracelet! I expected that I could specify whether I was type I or type II with a charm or on the back of the plate. When it arrived, I was disappointed to find that it is already set for type II diabetics. <end>  Impossible clasp makes this unwearable  The clasp on the bracelet is not as shown in the photo. It's a vaguely complicated clasp that is difficult to open in general and is also very stiff - I had to get two pair of pliers to pull it open. If I was to put the bracelet on and close this clasp, there's no possible way I could get it off again without using wire cutters to cut the chain. (Because of course one hand would be WEARING the bracelet and thus not free to use tools to pry the clasp open with.) As it happens I make jewelry so I have other clasps around and the tools to remove and replace the existing clasp, but I doubt this is true of most people, so I would have to describe this bracelet as unwearable for the average customer.It comes with a nice wallet card, which frankly I think is worth the small purchase price, and is why I gave this item two stars instead of one. <end>  As advertised  The bracelet is what was advertised. It is a quality metal bracelet, and an excellent value for the $ spent. <end>  not pleased  I had ordered a "Type 1" Diabetic bracelet and received a "Type 2" instead. i ended up writing in a red Sharpie "Type 1" on the front, then placed tape over it, so it wouldn't rub off. I don't like the style, it is ugly but I am tolerating it. The clasp is a pain in the...(something that rhymes with "clasp") and I have perfect dexterity. <end>
 B000EGRRSS  Antique Inspired Blue and White CZ Wedding set ||	  Get it cheaper  jewelrytv dot com sells it for half this price. By the way, it's not a true princess cut. It doesn't have the 68 facets. It is just a square with a big X in the middle. Very fake. <end>
 B000EGUIOI  two Sterling Silver LOVE in. Heart Pendants, 3/4 inch tall ||	  Split Love Heart Pendant  I purchased this item, with another box chain, for my daughter and her girlfriend. I gave it to them in March and they haven't taken them off since. I was very pleased with how pretty this item is. <end>
 B000EGWLAC  Sterling Silver Octopus Pendant, 1 1/4 inch tall ||	  Very cool for octopus lovers!  Very nice necklace. My daughter loves octopuses and they are hard to find!! She wears it a lot. Came in a nice gift box. Chain is very nice. <end>  VERY pleased  I recieved this necklace SUPER fast. It is stunning and even more gorgeous in person. I'll plan on wearing this necklace everyday, it's so pretty! The chain is lovely, as well. The pendant is the perfect size and I couldn't be more pleased with everything.  )  ) <end>  Octopus lovers will be very happy with this!!!  Was pleasently surprized that this cute octopus penedent was nicer than I was expecting. Octopus jewlery is hard to find and this made a happy ending to the hunt. <end>
 B000EHI9NY  Sterling Silver Digit Number 11 Pendant 3/4 inch (18 mm) ||	  Nice Gift  We gave this to a child on her 11th birthday and she really liked it. Nice product. <end>
 B000EHI9OI  Sterling Silver Digit Number 13 Pendant 3/4 inch (18 mm) ||	  Triskaidekaphile  I have loved the number 13 since I was a kid, and when I saw this pendant on Amazon.com, I just knew I had to have it! This is by far the most unique piece of jewelry that I own, and wearing it is just sheer fun! What better way is there to let people know what my favorite number is? All they have to do is check out my pendant! It's truly a terrific find! <end>  5 stars  I love the number 13 and just a great way to show it off. Hopefully it doesn't break on me. <end>  sterling silver "13"  I love this pendant and it is so unique. I have gotten compliments, and am going to give this as a gift to my freinds and family. <end>
 B000EHNNH6  Diamond-cut Sterling-silver Flying American Eagle Pendant-necklace ||	  Great Looking Necklace  I purchased this necklace for my grandson for Christmas 2010; therefore, he has not received it yet to determine if he likes it or not. I think it is a great looking necklace, though. I can find no reason why he won't like it! The delivery on the item was fast, too. <end>  Very nice jewelry  My husband loved this chain and eagle. Very shiny and good quality. Thank You. <end>
 B000EHXXAI  Sterling Silver Trumpet Pendant, 3/4 inch (19 mm) Long. ||	  great  Packaged beautifuly. I'm glad their were choices of chain length. It looks just like the picture. The 17 year old that I gave it to, loves it. <end>
 B000EHXYZC  Sterling Silver Crescent Moon and Star Pendant, 1 1/4 inch (32 mm) tall ||	  Just what I wanted  I gave this a girl who likes the moon. I didn't care for the star, because it makes it look to Arabian. The chain is acceptable, though. Very prompt service. I was impressed. <end>
 B000EHY2NU  Sterling Silver Small Colt 45 Pistol Pendant, 1 1/2 inch (38 mm) tall ||	  Very Nice!!!  Good quality sterling silver, I bought this as a gift and the person I got it for was extremely happy. Not an advocate of guns but this is a nice gift for gun lovers that don't own a real gun, but nevertheless like guns. <end>
 B000EHY2TO  Sterling Silver Small Dragon Pendant, 3/4 inch (18 mm) tall ||	  Not a very good one for small children  Well, the size is according to the description, as the matter of fact it is very suitable for lil' children. However, I have some issues with the quality  it is not very accurate or neat, looks like the metal spilled out of the form and you can see that "spillage". I do not know how to explain, but you know what I mean. Also, there are sharp edges on the pendant. Other than that, it is fine. Came with a chain, by the way. <end>
 B000EHY4IS  Sterling Silver Madonna & Child Pendant, Made in Italy. 5/8 inch (17 mm) Tall ||	  Madonna and child pendent  I love this pendant it was exactly what I thought I was ordering the silver seems to be of high quality and after I ordered it it was dilivered in an appropriate amount of time. <end>
 B000EHY4M4  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, Made in Italy. 1 1/16 inch (27 mm) Tall ||	  Poor quality  From the image it looks like a nice brushed silver cross. however, it came welded together on the sides, and weighed less than a sunflower seed. I am so disappointed in the seller's integrity for placing this as a cross someone would wear. It was unbelievable to see. I immediately returned it requesting full refund, including my shipping due to the absolute poor workmanship. The welding work had a gap in the side! Unfortunately, the seller did not return my shipping. Hence, I am out the shipping to get it and the shipping to return it.BUYER BEWARE. <end>
 B000EI00GC  Sterling Silver Saint Jude Pendant, 3/4 inch (21 mm) tall ||	  not what i was expecting!  price too high chain very week % thin I had to buy another chain!i needed to keep for a gift. <end>  Better than expected!  Thankyou so much for this product. It is perfect! It's even better then it looks online. Thankyou so very much! <end>
 B000EI00JE  Sterling Silver Fairy Pendant, 1 inch (26 mm) Long. ||	  Wonderfully Detailed and Beautiful Pendant  I purchased this as a gift for a friend of mine. I was extremely pleased with the high level of detail and quality of the pendant. It also came with a high quality sterling silver chain. The product was more than worth the low price that I paid for it. In addition, I received the product far sooner than they estimated. A wonderful piece and a highly professional company. <end>
 B000EI05X0  Sterling Silver Small Good Luck Pendant, 5/8 inch (16 mm) tall ||	  EXCEXLLENT  NOT ONLY DID I FIND WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR, IT WAS DELIVERED FASTER THAN IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE AND I WAS VERY SATISFIED WITH THE PENDANT. I WOULD DEFINITELY ORDEER FROM AMAZON AND THAT VENDOR AGAIN. <end>  alright...  When I saw the necklace online I thought it was really pretty, but when I got it, it was junkier looking than the picture online. But I have got lots of compliments on it, so thats a plus. And it hasnt tarnished after going into the shower and pool tons of times. <end>
 B000EI05Y4  Sterling Silver Ram's Head Pendant, 2 1/4 inch (57 mm) tall ||	  Ram head  This item looks very nice in the box but it is really lite and has a few rough edges on it <end>
 B000EI07VU  Sterling Silver Teeny Cross Pendant, Made in Italy. 5/16 inch (8 mm) Tall ||	  cute!  Cute pendant, but it did NOT come with a chain as described in the description. I think only pendants with the title indicating a chain will include a chain.Also, because it's hollow, there is a tiny hole on the bottom, but it's not noticeable when wearing.The other problem was the bail which was too big for the pendant itself. The back of the bail bent and it fell off the chain. I had to replace it with a smaller ring bail. Other pendants have more permanent sauderized bails which won't fall off. But this was a cheap pendant and you get what you pay for.Shipping was very quick, and I still recommend ordering from them. <end>
 B000EI08BY  Sterling Silver Small Star with Cut-out Pendant, Made in Italy. 1/2 inch (12 mm) Tall ||	  Durable  I've been wearing this necklace fairly frequently for a few years now and it is holding up great, with no scuffs or problems. <end>
 B000EI08DM  Sterling Silver Teeny Crescent Moon Pendant, Made in Italy. 1/4 inch (7 mm) Tall ||	  Very Nice  I ordered this for my sister for x-mas. my other sisters agreed with me that she'll love it. its small and cute. i believe its a nice little charm. <end>  Very nice  It arrived promptly and it's very pretty and delicate, just what it looks like in the picture. It's exactly what I wanted. <end>
 B000EI1WBO  Sterling Silver Body Builder Pendant, 1 3/16 inch (30 mm) Long. ||	  Better than Advertised  I have been very pleased with this purchase. The picture doesn't do it justice. I wish it was in 14K gold too. <end>
 B000EI1XZE  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, 3 1/16 inch (78 mm) tall ||	  Stunning!!!  I bought this for my son's 8 th grade graduation (along with a separate chain). He had wanted a larger cross, so I searched & serached all the websites and finally found this! When I opened the box I was shocked at how sparkly & stunning it was! If you like larger crosses this is the one to get, although I think the style of this & the size is more for the younger croud and more for a boy! But hey, girls can wear this too if they want! There's also a smaller version of this same design that I am buying for myself! My son loves it and all his friends do to! I highly recommend this and will be buying from Sabrina Silver over & over again! A very satisfied customer here!!! <end>
 B000EI1Y9Y  Sterling Silver Jesus Carrying the Cross Pendant, 2 5/8 inch (67 mm) tall ||	  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Jesus Carrying the Cross Pendant  I purchased this cross as a gift for myself for Christmas and I am truly glad I did It is so beautiful, It means so much to me to be able to share my faith with others.When ever someone notices my cross it is and instant conversation starter and of course the conversation always turns to religion,we talk about where we go to church It gives you a chance that you might not otherwise get to talk to someone about God. and you never know when that might just be what that other person needs.So buy it because it might suprise you and help you reach someone, by it because it is a very nice way to share your faith and buy it because it is beautiful. <end>
 B000EICTPC  Sterling Silver Mariner's Cross Pendant, 1 1/16 inch ||	  Mariners cross pendant  I was very pleased with the quality of this pendant. The description was accurate and shipping was on time, I would definitely purchase this again for the price if I ever needed an inexpensive gift for so one. My husband was very happy on Christmas when he opened this, his love for the water and boating it was the perfect gift!! <end>
 B000EICTXY  Sterling Silver Menorah Pendant, 5/8 inch ||	  Perfect Gift  Arrived on time. As advertised. Beautiful silder. This was a gift for a close friend, and it was well received. <end>
 B000EICTZ2  Sterling Silver Cut-out Descending Dove ( Holy Spirit ) Pendant, 1/2 inch ||	  Happy to recieve  Dove pendant just as described. Looked smaller than expected, but looks very serene and shiny. <end>
 B000EICU1U  Sterling Silver Eagle Pendant, 1 1/2 in X 3/4 inch (mmX20 mm) ||	  Beautiful piece!  This eagle is of decent size but it's not too big. Looks just as pictured and is of high quality. I looked at MANY MANY MANY eagle pendants before deciding to get this one - very pleased with my purchase. <end>  Just what I wanted  I really wanted an eagle pendant, and this one was very nice. I am very happy with the purchase, and I like the "weathered" look it has. It's also very strong and looks great. The only thing I didn't like was the chain it came with. It's really small and thin, a little too feminine for my taste. <end>  Amazing.  This necklace is truly more beautiful in person. The image shows black on the feathers, but it really has a nice detail instead of that blur in the image.It has a nice 3D touch to it too. I would definitely say it was worth the price! <end>  Beautiful pendant  I received this pendant in a timely manner. It was beautifully packaged in a box, with a chain. I was very happy with the details in the design and the quality. <end>  eagle pendant  I ordered three different eagle pendants from three different vendors on Amazon.com. They all were delivered on the same day and were all very pretty. Thank you for quick delivery and fine products. <end>  Gift  I bought this as a gift for my brother and he said he loves it. Wears it everyday. <end>  Perfect for a young man!  My youngest son has always loved eagles. I wanted to show him how proud I was of him for his success at school. I had him help me choose just the eagle that he liked best. This is the one he chose and he couldn't be more happy with it. Since he is a young man, however, we did choose to purchase a larger, more heavy chain. The chain that it came with will be used by myself on another necklace. So in all, I think this purchase was well worth the money. The shipping was very fast too. Thanks for a great item! <end>
 B000EIDY10  Sterling Silver Pink and Clear Crystal Bracelet Earrings with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Elegant and beautifully Pink  This was a great find. The wedding colors were Black and Pink. I couldn't find pink jewelry anywhere and then I found these-they were perfect. I have worn them many times since and always get complements. I would have preferred a closing clasp as I worry this will pull thru, so far it has not released itself. There is a nice mix of tones that really accents the piece. <end>
 B000EIEIPQ  Sterling Silver Crucifix Pendant, 1 1/16 inch ||	  Quality is lacking..............  I was disappointed when this arrived. The quality is poor and uneven on the cross. There is no clarity on the body or the face on this crucifix.The chain is very weak and costume jewelry quality. Spend more money and buy either white gold or yellow gold combined with platinum. <end>
 B000EIEIVK  Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 1/2 inch ||	  Adorable!  I loved this necklace! I recently lost it and was very upset about it. It was beautiful, never tarnished like sterling silver usually does, and was always complimented on it! <end>
 B000EIEJ32  Sterling Silver Apple Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this Apple pendant for my girlfriend of a year for Christmas. It showed up and was the perfect little elegant every day pendant for her to have on her neck, and it hasn't left her neck since. <end>
 B000EIGJB2  Sterling Silver Filigree Egyptian Ankh Pendant, 1 1/16 inch ||	  Lovely  I purchased this delicate little Ankh, I found it to be splendid and it gleamed ethereal.When I wore the Ankh most people who saw the Ankh thought it was a cross.So if you are looking for something small and unassuming this is the Ankh for you.Perfect if you live in an area that consists mostly of Christians and desire discretion.If your looking for something that screams Egyptian Kemetic then you may want to finda more traditional Ankh. <end>
 B000EIGJGM  Sterling Silver Owl Pendant, 3/4 inch ||	  Another good product from Sabrina Silver  I will definitely order more products from this seller. I bought this owl because it came with the chain. Completely satisfied with the purchase. <end>
 B000EIGJIK  Sterling Silver Tree of Life Pendant, 3/4 inch Tall ||	  wonderful  Sterling Silver 3/4 in. (20mm) Tall Tree of Life PendantThis was a gift for a friend and I was truly surprised how beautiful this pendant really was. I Highly recommend this for any tree lover she will love it. <end>  Great!  A so beautiful jewelry!!! It really looks like a wonderful tree!! I liked a lot so I ordered another to my mother. <end>  Makes a wonderful gift!  I gave this to a friend for Christmas and she loved it. It is truly beautiful and a great value. <end>
 B000EIICQW  Sterling Silver Chinese Dragon Pendant, 1 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Nice Detail  This was a gift for a dragon fan - it was reasonably priced, arrived immediately and the detail is great. <end>
 B000EIIDA2  Sterling Silver Madonna & Child Medal, 1 inch ||	  Lovely Medal  Bought this for my child. It is very special to them. I will purchase another for a friend. <end>
 B000EIW4K2  Sterling & White Mother of Pearl French Wire Earrings ||	  Cute little earrings  These are nice to wear when you want something casual to wear. They are very comfortable. <end>  Pearl earrings  They arrived fast in a box, inside a plastic bag with silver de tarnishing paper, nice touch. i thought they would be larger in size, because of the picture. i didn't pay attention to the dimensions. They're beautiful. thanks <end>
 B000EJ4NXC  Nickel Free Sterling Silver French Wire Hook Teardrop Earrings ||	  Picture does not match product  I was really excited to get these earrings in. But disappointed when I opened the package. The shape was similar, but earring hook was much different. The tail of the hook was longer than the front so it would hang lower and looked strange.I was hoping it had just been a mix up, and I would get the right one sent to me, but now I'm returning them and hoping Gem Avenue will make sure they properly display the product they will be sending you.** Don't think this review is all bad though. I also ordered the Irish Claddagh ring for a friend for her birthday and it was perfect. As well as a necklace for a pendant for myself and so far it has held up really well. ** I'll be ordering again, I will just be more leery about the pictures matching and such. <end>  Very nice jewelry  These are some of my favorite earrings! I've received several compliments, and the style goes with just about anything. Seller was easy to deal with, shipping and packaging were perfect, and the product is very nice. Will shop here again. <end>
 B000EJEKZS  Sterling Silver Chinese Zodiac Pendant, for Year of the SNAKE, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Snake  I finally found this pendant for my Chinese Zodiac and I love it! I will admit, I changed the chain because I have a really nice chain I wanted to use. The chain it came with was fine, I just prefer mine. Also, the pendant is a good size; it doesn't overwhelm the other things I wear. <end>
 B000EJELBG  Sterling Silver Key Pendant, 1 1/8 inch Tall ||	  ok  It was a bit smaller than I thought it would be. Very delicate looking but seems study enough for a teen to wear. <end>  Celtic Knot Key  I received three silver keys which I gave away for gifts at Christmas. Very nice and each different. I did not receive the fourth ordered Celtic Knot Key. <end>
 B000EJGDVC  Sterling Silver Cut-out Horse Pendant, 3/4 inch Tall ||	  Pretty for a little girl  The necklace did not seem to be of quite the same quality as some similar earrings I purchased from a different seller at the same time. However, it is of average value for the price, and makes a pretty necklace for a little girl who loves ponies. The delivery was very prompt and the company appears to offer very good customer service. <end>
 B000EJGE9S  Sterling Silver Large Peace Sign Pendant7/8 inch Tall, ||	  Nice for the price!  I am a large peaceful person and this is just the right size for me and it gets my point across with class! <end>
 B000EJGEAC  Sterling Silver Recovery Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  beautiful pendant - very reasonable price!!!! THANKS  Thank you for creating such beautiful things. i bought this as a gift for a friend and she loved it! <end>  AA Jewelry  Quality sterling silver at a reasonable price. The "cut" makes it kinda flashy. <end>  AA Jewelry  I gave it to my girlfriend and she loves it. She wears it often. Quality sterling silver. <end>
 B000EJGEM0  Sterling Silver OH SH** Talking Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  WONDERFUL GIFT IDEA  My best friend turned 80 this year. When she confessed to me her favorite "bad word," I knew I had to get this for her birthday.In spite of the incredibly low price, it's an attractive piece of jewelry, even if it's not the most appropriate choice for wearing to church. (I admit, I did suggest it, having been the pastor of said congregation for 6 years...)Needless to say, my dear friend loves it. When she opened it, I thought she was going to blow out her dentures, she was laughing so hard.Life can be so short--don't pass up the opportunity to spread a little joy with a whimsical gift like this. <end>
 B000EJI5TA  Sterling Silver Rat Pendant, 3/8 inch ||	  Beautiful little rattie  My best friend and I are both pet rat enthusiasts. I bought this for her for Christmas and she really loves it! The pendant is the perfect size - not too big, not too small. The flat-looking part on the rat's front leg isn't as odd-looking as it is in the picture. And the chain it came with is beautiful as well! <end>  Fast and lovely  It was shipped fast and well received. Thank you so very much, as this was a Christmas gift for a wonderful friend overseas. He received it just before Christmas. Well done!!! <end>
 B000EJL7Z4  Diamond Bee Brooch In 14kt Yellow Gold ||	  Pleasantly Surprised  I was a first-time buyer, very skeptical, of purchasing a diamond piece on-line from the United States. I chose a little paveed bee pin from Ross-Simons because it was not too costly and was so cute. I took a chance and ordered it just a few days ago. I received the little critter today and was totally pleased with its quality. The diamonds are lovely white, clear and sparkly! I was also very impressed with how quick my pin arrived! Thanks for the great on-line shopping experience. Ross-Simons I will return!  o)A Satisfied Canadian Shopper <end>
 B000EJUAYS  Green Jade Sole Leaf Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Jade earrings  I was very pleased upon receiving the jade leaf earrings, especially upon seeing my wife's face. They are dainty and go with the jade Monarch Chrysilis necklace she got from me for Christmas. The shipping was timely and communication great. I would not hesitate to purchase again. <end>
 B000EJWFPK  Yellow Jade Morning Orchid Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Very impressive  I love this pendant & so does everyone who see's it. You will not be dissapointed. Very original as I have not seen anyone else with it! Great Buy, Great Quality! <end>
 B000EKDHRY  TOP MOUNT Light Blue PROVOCATIVE Chain Drop Belly Ring ||	  A Bit Too Top Heavy  This is a really cute belly ring in person, but the only problem is it is a bit top heavy and it's a bit hard to screw the ball on since it's not hinged and the chain gets in the way as well. <end>
 B000EM2RNW  14k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/2ctw, SI1/2, H-I) ||	  Amazon does not listen...  The diamonds were great HOWEVER amazon had a problem with their databases that delayed a lot of peoples stuff that day, I needed mine by a certain date for a certain birthday. When I knew it was not going to get here and trust me I paid for next day shipping I tried to cancel the order so I could just get them locally. I couldn't becuase the order status was preparing to ship (it said this for two days b/c of their database issues) so I wrote them about 5 email and continued to get cookie cutter responses about how I could check my order status online SO I called and was told well you won't be charged for the shipping... I didn't ask for free shipping I asked for my money back so that I could go get my wife something locally and again was told there was nothing they could do for me b/c the status of the item showed preparing to ship and they are having problems with their databases and i just need to understand that. Sorry but the page said if I ordered it by 3 p.m. it would be here the next day it should be and I am not daddy megabucks so I didn't have enough extra money lying around to go pay for another set w/o getting my money back from here first. So she got a picture and the gifting was not as exciting as it could have been. The only reason I waited so long was so she wouldn't see how much I had spent and spoil her surprise. Next time I will buy locally and just not have them bill me until the day of. Amazon did not listen and the worst part was getting the cookie cutter responses. I am hard pressed to believe they were read at all. <end>
 B000EM7DMC  Chinese Horoscope Jewelry-Year of the Tiger ||	  Pretty but tacky  I was embarassed, but it was Year of the Tiger and was having trouble finding attractive Tiger jewelry for my girlfriend, at any price. In desperation I bought this, because the design was rather elegant. But it is very thin, even bends easily. Tacky. <end>
 B000EMA928  Sterling Silver Cube Multifaceted Clear AB Crystal with 12mm x 17mm Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  AN AWSOME BUY!  I wore this to a Christmas Eve Dinner and never got so many compliments in my life. OOOO, Where did you get that, what is it, I want it, look how it shines...etc.. lol. I heard it all and it made me feel so good. They loved it and I do too. IT IS FABULOUS. <end>  I get more comments from people  I love this charms and have 6 different ones that I change out on a long silver chain with other charms. I get more comments from people about how beautyful they are. The quality is super, the color and reflections are magic! I have found that the price is just right for a piece of jewlery like these. Gem Avenue has great customer service, I only used them once and they were right on top of it. They were professional and quick with my order. I always look for their name when ordering any crystal's on [...] <end>
 B000ENSRUS  Sterling Silver and Blue Topaz Floral Choker, 'Daisy Delight' 2.4" W 2.9" L ||	  blue topaz daisy choker  I love everything I've ordered from Novica. This piece is especially pretty. The stone is lighter in color than pictured and the daisy, although large is very dainty. The fact that the choker is open in the back actually allows more flexibility for wear. <end>
 B000EO5JZ8  SCER086 Sterling Silver Leverback Dangle Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements 6mm Cultured Freshwater Pearl and Clear Crystal ||	  SCER086 sterling silver lever back dangle earrings make with Swarovski elements 6mm cultured freshwater pearl and clear crystal  I love them very much, nice works guys, exactly in ordered. It's real lovely color and I can wear with my pink bracelet I bought with same this ordered. I will look forward next orders from your site. Thanks and have a wonderful day...!!! <end>  Fabulous!  These earrings are exactly what I expected. They are high quality and absolutely gorgeous. I am using them for my wedding and I have already had so many comments on them. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful, elegant and very well made for the price. They are not as long as they look. <end>  Love my new pearl earrings  Have worn my new pearl earrings and get a lot of compliments. The product came as expected and on time. Thank you. <end>  not up to the mark...  I was disappointed with these earrings..The pearl looks cheap..wanted to return them but just kept them - not wrth spending again on return S & H. <end>  Pearl earrings  I purchased these earrings for my wedding, but was unable to wear them, since they broke the first time I tried them on. I tried them on a couple months before the wedding to wear to my bridal shower, but when I went to put them on, the actual earring broke off from the clasp. I was not rough with the earring, so I can only believe that they were made very cheaply. I guess you get what you pay for, disappointing but true. <end>  beautiful  Look great! And, as an added bonus I do not have to worry about losing these because of the clasp finish <end>  Beautiful Pearl Earrings  Great sale. Love the earrings!!Thanks for offering Swarovski-wonderful crystal-the best crystal in jewelry!!Sparkly and Pretty and just the right length!! <end>  very pretty  I was pleased when they arrived. been looking for pearl earrings that dangle & have a lever lock. Very well made too. <end>  LOVE these!  They're even prettier than the picture and they go with just about anything. I get compliments every time I wear them. <end>  ELEGANT!!!  my wife loves these earings. she wears them mostly when we are out on a date because it goes with almost everything she wears. very elegant!!! <end>  simple yet elegant  I really love these earrings. They are very simple but are dressy. The clip closure gives me confidence that they will not just fall off. In winter, I have lost earrings due to bulky coats pushing up on the back and have pushed them out of my ear. These stay put. Also, the design allows you to wear a broad range of necklaces. I love the sparkle of the crystal and the glow of the pearls and the contrast to the metal. Definitely worth every penny. Amy <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are actually not as big as you would think. They are perfect size for a conservative and classy look. Difficult to put on for thicker earlobes but overall very beautiful. The crystals reflect light beautifully and the pearls look natural because each one has a slightly different shape but not noticeable to the naked eye. The gift was a success. <end>  So cute!  These are so cute! I just love them. Very light and comfortable.I get compliments on them all the time. <end>  not sure it is a true product  not sure whether this si a Swarovski product? Usually there is the logo on the stuff and this earring does not bear the logo. So would you please tell me how to tell this is a Swarovski product? <end>  Lovely Earrings, Lovely Price  I am extremely pleased with the quality and the look of these earrings. I am actually wearing them right now. The crystals catch the light nicely and the silver is good quality. I will be buying other items from this seller. <end>  Wife loved these  Wife wanted these to go with a necklace that she has. She pointed them out to me so i got them for her as a surprise sometime later. Looks good and feels sturdy. <end>  Cheap ..  For $15.99, I can't complain. You get what you pay for.Yeah, they're cheap looking, but they serve their purpose.I wanted "dangling" pearl earrings, and that's what I got.OBVIOUSLY, they're not Tiffany, VanCleef-Arpels or BVlgari.If you like "high-end" jewelry, look elsewhere. <end>  I love them  They're exactly what I expected for $17. Not the classiest thing I could buy, but they go well with many looks for me. The pearls are about 7mm as advertised and the clasps are sterling silver. I really like the clasps that stay put so I don't lose them. All in all a great product at a great price. <end>  As the title says  they are classy.  I bought these earrings for my wife. They are well designed and the pearls are really beautiful. They were a little larger than I expected (a comparison scale in the product image might be helpful). However, for most people I expect that would be a bonus since, in the world of gems and pearls, products often arrive smaller than they appear, not larger. All in all though, they are very nice earrings and I'm glad I purchased them. <end>  Nice looking  The earrings arrived in a cute package and were very pretty. my wife likes them and they were an excellent value. <end>
 B000EO76W2  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 6mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Good chain  Chain looks very good. But it looks like silver balls from far. Would not reccomend for a man. <end>  VERY CUTE AD IT SILVERC  CUTE PLUS IT NEVER TURN BLACK AN IT REAL SILVER FOR THE PRICE YES THIS A A GOOD DEAL <end>
 B000EOD5GS  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  16" Sterling Silver Rolo Chain, 3/16" Thick  This is a great chain! Great look. Well made. Excellent service. <end>  Silver Rolo Chain  Great quality!! Fast service. Needed to make exchanged...handled extremely professionally and quickly. Thank you!! A+ <end>
 B000EOD5JU  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 6mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Good chain  Chain looks very good. But it looks like silver balls from far. Would not reccomend for a man. <end>  VERY CUTE AD IT SILVERC  CUTE PLUS IT NEVER TURN BLACK AN IT REAL SILVER FOR THE PRICE YES THIS A A GOOD DEAL <end>
 B000EOH9VK  USA - Other Lapel Pins (Rectangular) ||	  Beautiful and Priced Right  Memorial day was coming up and I wanted a pin for my suit -- this one is very pretty. It's rectangular and fits the lapel of suits very nicely.All the sars are there --- some of the pins out there have 20 or 30 stars. I prefer one that has all 50 stars like this pin.Overall, this is a neat little product. If you want to show your patriotism on the lapel of a suit, this is a great choice. <end>  as lapels go...  wow I never thought I'd have to write a review about a lapel but this one sure needs it. I love the look of it and I love that it has all 50 stars and 13 stripes but golly it sure fails in every duty of a lapel. The back of it falls off without even pulling on it. I tried to bend it a bit but it made no difference. I ended up just bending the needle flat and that stayed for all of two days 'till it fell off and now it's gone for good. I had it for about one week. <end>  Very Nice Flag Pin  The finish on this pin is great. The picture does not do it justice but all of the lines and stars are very clear. <end>  Perfect Patriotic Pin  We bought this pin to put on our son's suit when he had to dress up as a president. It was the perfect touch and many compliments were received. It would be a great pin for any child or adult suit. Wonderful quality. <end>  Great flag pin  Looked everywhere locally for this flag pin. This one is sturdy, easy to pin & receives many compliments from all who see it. <end>  The US Flag Pin  This is it. The basic, no crazy waves or gimmicks, no flashing every day usage flag pin. This is the one you see on movie stars, celebrities and even the pres-o-dent. Don't be fooled by all the crazy flag pins out there, this is the one to get. Does the job and can go with every outfit to show your patriotic spirit. <end>  Show your patriotic pride!  This lapel pin is the perfect detail to wear your colors. I plan to wear it on my lapel when I wear a suit. This pinis nice enough to wear in formal occasions.Wear it with pride!! <end>  A decent pin, but not the best.  This is a decent pin, but I've seen better. The pin is beautiful, but the stars are not level with the edges of the blue area of the flag. Still, this is a lovely pin, very shiny and the red stripes are lined with gold trim and that makes me like it.I'd recommend it for the price, but if you have cash to spend, you can find a better one. <end>
 B000EOHGS6  Canada - National Lapel Pin ||	  EXCELENT PIN!  Itls a little bit small, but its beautiful, i need it for a MODEL OF UNITED NATIONS, its perfect for this! i'm gonna buy a whole colection hahahah <end>  canada lapel pin  i love this itemit looks really nice and everybody who saw it said looks really good. It was on time too <end>
 B000EOJI5K  Egypt - Friendship Pin ||	  Its ok  The pin was really looks great however it didn't last long and the tip was broke. I guess the quality wasn't that good <end>
 B000EOL902  St. Lucia - Friendship Pin ||	  Lucian  My Husband is Lucian & I'm american; and onSt. Lucia's Holiday's we wear our pins in celebration...and everyone always loves them. <end>
 B000EOLAGK  Poland (Plain) - Friendship Pin ||	  Great gfit!  Better quality than expected. I bought them as gifts for my friends who admired the one I wear everyday. They were delighted and appreciative.Nice token for a friend. <end>
 B000EOLAJC  Kill 'Em All - Lapel Pin ||	  nice  just as stated in ad worn it for a while now even in bad rainy weather still as nice as day one <end>
 B000EOLCLI  Colombia - National Lapel Pin ||	  colombia lapel pin  i love this product... it is really nice and it was on time, looks really nice and my parents love it <end>
 B000EOLYAM  Sterling Silver 4.0 Carat Size Emerald Cut Pink Tourmaline CZ Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Birthstone ring  The ring arrived on time and appears to be good quality for the price. Our 15 yr old grand-daughter loved it. <end>
 B000EOMK6O  Sterling Silver 3.0 Carat Size Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia Men's Ring (Available in Sizes 8 to 13) ||	  3 Carat Princess Stone  The ring is beautiful, and the service was as described. I'm very pleased with the ring but sometimes I wish that it was rhodium plated so it looks a little more like platinum as opposed to silver. All in all it's quite the ring!!! <end>  A Must Have!!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! If you are looking for something with "bling" look no further here it is!! The price is great and you will not be disappointed in the look. It's a great ring to wear for special occassions. Shipping was fast as well!! <end>  What a deal!!  For the value, you can't beat the prices at Sabrina Silver--give them a try--you won't be sorry!! <end>  EXCELLENT VALUE GREAT PRODUCT YOU MUST HAVE  I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT. IT WAS A GREAT PRICE AND MY FAMILY COULD NOT TELL THE DIFFRENCE. IT'S A GREAT PRODUCT TO SHOW YOUR STYLE WHEN HAVING A NIGHT ON THE TOWN. <end>  NICE!!  This ring is very nice, the stones provide the shine needed not to look fake. I was worried with the size of the ring that it would be too much...but it's great!!! If you are looking for a really nice ring for a decent price, this is a good choice! <end>  impressed  i have to say of all the jewelry purchased over the years sabrina silver has the highest quality for the price!!!!! <end>  Bling on Fire  You gotta love this ring's bling! Beautifully cut, top quality CZ with lots of sparkle and fire in a contemporary and classic design that shines! <end>  Very Nice  I ordered this thinking I might not like it after I got it. When it arrived today, I was very pleased. The fit was perfect and it looks great! <end>  Absolutely Fabulous  I was kinda disappointed about the actual size (initially) BUT the comments just kept pouring in! This is my "EVERYDAY" ring! <end>
 B000EOOIHI  Sterling Silver 1.9 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Beautiful!  This ring is so beautiful. It was a great price and I feel I got way more than my money's worth! I wear it everyday. <end>
 B000EOOJ2W  Sterling Silver 1 1/4 Carat size Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  very impressive ring  I bought this ring on Wednesday night and got it Saturday. Very quick!I got this ring as a possible stand in for my real E-ring when we went on vacation.I got it the day before my engagement party. During the engagement party, I had this ring and another fake ring (also from the same company) and my real engagement ring on my finger and asked people which one was real. About one 1/3rd said this ring was real.People trying to guess the ring from the band thought this was the real ring b/c of the detail work on the band itself.It was very impressive for the price.My FI is very impressed that I got such real looking rings for the price I paid. <end>  very nice  I bought this ring to wear for traveling. I actually like it much more than my real diamond. It is very pretty and believable. I'm pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000EOOJ5O  Sterling Silver 1 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Emerald Colored CZ Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Jewels are a girl's best friend  Excellent coloring for the emerald stone especially when the light hits it at the right angle. <end>  BEAUTIFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  GOT IT TODAY AND I REALLY LOVE IT AND IT CAME THE DAY BEFORE PROMISED. TRULY BEAUTIFUL. IM GIVING THIS TO MY GIRLFRIEND AS A PROMISE RING FOR HER BIRTH DAY NEXT MONTH. MAN SHE IS GOING TO FREAK ! <end>  Not even worth a star  I bought this ring because it was cute and the few reviews it had were great. I got the ring relatively fast like 2 days after i ordered, but I didn't even have the ring on for 24hours and my finger started to turn green. That is NOT ok since it is supposed to be sterling silver. I have only had this problem with one other ring I bought off of amazon but never again will I buy from this seller. I am returning the ring and going to get my money back. I wouldn't have even given it a star, but I had to give it something in order to write my review. I never write bad reviews but that is how upset I am because the ring was beautiful. <end>
 B000EOQMPY  Sterling Silver 1.0 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Love It!  My fiance and I looked at many different rings and I fell in love with this ring, it was everything I wanted in an engagement ring! Now I have been wearing it for awhile now and it is perfect! No regrets buying this ring at all! <end>
 B000EOQN3U  Sterling Silver 1 1/2 Carat Size Pear Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  frail  this ring looks a lot more delicate in person, veery thin and skimpy. The mounting definitely yells "I'm silver", it's not a good imitation of a diamond ring. did not like workmanship. Diamond size is very nice and the side stones too, mounting is very silvery looking and skimpy, looks very frail. Came in a box, quick shipping and quick return process. <end>
 B000EOQN58  Sterling Silver 3/4 Carat Size Heart Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Classy look simple affordable elegance  I love my ring. It is simple and elegant. My husband wanted me to have a nice ring and I wanted something affordable. Pictures are uploaded to help others decide if it is for them. Hope it helps. <end>  VERY NICE  THE SHIPPING WAS FAST , THE RING LOOKS FANTASTIC, AND WOW DOES IT SPARKLE , SHE KNOWS WHAT IT IS / NOT A REAL DIAMOND BUT LOVES IT JUST THE SAME, <end>
 B000EOQN7Q  Sterling Silver 5.0 Carat Size Oval Cut Citrine Colored CZ Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Replacement Engagement Ring  This ring was purchased because the previous engagement rings stone fell out. It was received quickly and looked beautiful. I got a LOT of compliments on this ring - someone even mistook it for a canary diamond. <end>
 B000EOW9OM  Platinum, Princess-Cut, Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/2 cttw, G-H Color, VS2 Clarity) ||	  Sparkle  The earrings are incredibly beautiful. They are much prettier than in hte picture. I love wearing them. <end>  Nice and shiny  These are beautiful looking ear rings that are much better looking in person. They are clear, and sparkle with no inclusions. They are a 1/4 cttw each (total 1/2) and the size is just right for everyday wear. They aren't too big, but noticeable. You'll love them. <end>  Nice quality + great price = perfect gift  I searched through a lot of stores for the right mix of price and quality. I was suspect about purchasing diamonds from Amazon, but given the ability to return without penalty, I decided to take the risk with these earrings. When they arrived (UPS, signature required for delivery), I was very impressed with the quality. The earrings were as nice as those I had seen in several stores and at a very competitive price. I want to emphasize, beyond just "good price" these earrings were excellent quality. It ended up being a very good gift choice! <end>  Amazing clarity  My wife was dropping hints about diamond earrings, and she prefers platinum over gold. The next question was size, and these are as big as you want them for everyday wear.Diamonds are clear and bright and sparkly, just the way they should be! <end>  Very Nice Quality for the Money  These earrings were very brilliant and white and are a very nice pair of earrings for the money. The only negative is that they don't come with a IGI certification. Only 1ct and above get this. <end>  They are GH color VS2 clarity!  This product definitely deserves more than two and half stars! [...]. The price was the best I could find, so I still decided to buy it, and I am glad I did. I chose free shipping, although Amazon upgraded it to two-day shipping. It only took 4 days from the time I placed the order to the day it arrived. The earrings are beautiful and sparkly. Since I don't know much about diamonds, I had them appraised and their quality is exactly as stated. I am satisfied with this product and Amazon's service. Why didn't I give it 5 stars, though? I only had this product a few months and I don't know how it will hold up. <end>
 B000ER5TU0  Southwestern Style Chevron Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay and Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 10, #1775 ||	  Soooo Happy!!!  These rings are beautiful. Excellent quality. I was absolutely thrilled when I received them. They were packaged securely and delivered sooner than expected. All in all, a wonderful experience! My parents love, love, love their 50th anniversary gifts!! Thank you. <end>
 B000ER5Y1Y  Pugster Golden Circle Dull Polish Double Grooves Hoop Earrings ||	  They were ok  I wasn't totally in love with these earrings when I got my whole order. They were pale and looked cheap. They were part of a gift box, and heard that the person liked them. Pugster was a great company to work with, the shipping took a little longer than I thought it would, but they made it before the holidays. <end>
 B000ER7IUY  Pugster Heart Lovers Together Italian Charm Bracelet Bracelet Link ||	  Nice gift item--good seller!  I always wonder about purchasing jewelry online--these were nice well worth the price--I ordered too late for Christmas delivery but the look made up for it... <end>
 B000ERARL6  Pugster Sweet Sixteen Laser Italian Charm ||	  Excellent!  I ordered a watch and several charms and began a travel watch. I love it! Great quality, quick service. <end>
 B000ERCNGS  14kt Yellow Gold Diamond Fashion Lever-Back Earrings ||	  not what I expected  Disappointed in the size of the diamonds and the flimsy gold. Would not recommend <end>
 B000ERD768  Pugster Roman Ruins Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Love it  I was impressed with how quickly the charm was shipped to me. Most of my charms were purchased during a trip to Italy and this one fits right in. <end>
 B000ERH5CU  BY Navajo Artist  Beautiful! Sterling-silver & Turquoise Navajo Concho Style Stud-Earrings ||	  Attractive earrings  These earrings are made of high-polish silver. They are a nice size and not heavy. They are not oxidized so they can be worn with southwest jewelry or more contemporary silver and turquoise pieces. They are somewhat elegant and can be worn with dressier clothing. They are not, however, as blue as shown in the image. They are not as intensely blue as my other Sleeping Beauty turquoise pieces <end>
 B000ES005I  Sterling Silver Small Bali Hoop Earrings, 1/2" diameter ||	  You get what you pay for  These earrings were very inexpensive. I would rather have paid more and gotten a pair of earrings with a better clasp. They're also a little too small, but that was my fault for not looking at the specifications closely.I love the style, but I wish whoever makes these could use a better design. They're hard to put on and the metal bends easily. <end>  Wonderful earrings!  I love these earrings. They were exactly what I was looking for. Great quality. <end>
 B000ES005S  Sterling Silver Small Bali Hoop Earrings, 9/16" diameter ||	  Great little earrings  I wear these all the time (literally) in my 2nd holes and I love them! I find myself checking several times a day to make sure they're still there but they've only come undone three times in 2 months. <end>
 B000ES0062  Sterling Silver Oval Bali Hoop Earrings, 3/4" (18 mm) ||	  Not too bad for the price...  These earings are okay but I have trouble putting them on due to one of the clasps being alot longer than the other. One is almost too short while the other is so long its hard to get it into the hole to clasp. <end>
 B000ES17B4  Sterling Silver Medium Bali Hoop Earrings, 1" diameter ||	  Awesome look on a guy or girl  I purchased this pair of earrings on the 19th of December and received them on Christmas Eve!!!! What a way to start the holidays. This is a super pair of earrings, I brought the pair so I could wear one in my pierced ear, and I could not have made a better choice. Love them, they are comfortable and weighted but not heavy, they are of much higher quality than I expected for the price. Thank you for offering such great merchandise at great prices, I will be ordering from you again. <end>  pretty earrings, but...  These are very pretty earrings, but the day I got them, I thought I broke them. I was scared about that!But it wasn't me, because they have a hinge closure that can bend easily. So you should be a little careful with these. <end>
 B000ES31ZO  Sterling Silver Large Bali Hoop Earrings, 1 9/16" diameter ||	  I need another larger pair!!!!  They are greatly sized.. They are a little heavy ( I have small ears) but a great piece of jewelry. They actually came ahead of time. They look in person as they do in the picture. They were worth the price.Whirlbefree <end>
 B000ES321C  Sterling Silver Teeny Bali Hoop Earrings, 1/2" diameter ||	  Broken  These earrings broke when I tried to put them on and I didn't use a lot of force. I need to return them. <end>
 B000ES321M  Sterling Silver Oval Bali Hoop Earrings, 3/4" (18 mm) ||	  Teeny Tiny  These are very petite and tiny. As I wrote in another review, I have a hard time with envisioning measurements so this happens to me a lot when ordering jewelry. It comes and it's a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be. They are pretty little things, though and my daughter will wear them, being quite petite herself. <end>
 B000ES322G  Sterling Silver Oval Bali Hoop Earrings, 7/8" (22 mm) ||	  Very Deceiving  I am very dissappointed with this product. Not only is it cheaply welded together it was also broken. And the size is VERY deceiving! It is super small. There is no way that this product should have gotten a 5 star rating! <end>  AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!  These are one of the best earrings since earrings. They are perfect sized, delicate and durable. I call them "hole keepers". Any age can use these earrings. <end>
 B000ES4WT8  Sterling Silver Teeny Bali Hoop Earrings, 1/2" diameter ||	  great little hoops  I bought these for a helix piercing and I love them! The wire part (that goes through the ear) is not overly long like some endless hoops, so they stay sitting correctly and don't get rotated around wrong where the detail is hidden. This makes them difficult to fasten with your fingers (in that piercing, anyway), but I held the wire end with tweezers and had no problem. They look awesome! <end>
 B000ES5I8W  By Artist Lita Shorty  Navajo Made Sterling-silver Bear Paw w/Feathers Pendant-necklace. ||	  Very Nice!!  Ordered this with a few other pieces that match with the bear paw turquoise theme. Really nice necklace at a fair price. Quality and workmanship are very good, making me very happy with my purchase. <end>  great xmas gift  got this for my sister for xmas. havent given it to her yet.. but i did open it and it is gorgeous. it is very heavy and very clean. it is just like the picture! <end>
 B000ESIHZS  Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1.5mm Figaro Link Chain Necklace ||	  AMAZING COULD'T ASK FOR ANYTHING BETTER FOR THE PRICE  I got this chain as a gift from my boyfriend and its so, so, so pretty, it shines like a diamond, and all my pendents look great with it <end>  Beautiful chain!  This figaro chain is beautiful. Very high quality, this chain has "presence" without being bulky nor too delicate. Perfect for a pendant or alone. <end>  It's very pritty  It is high quality and ready to ware. No links were broken or discolored and the price was worth it. I would buy from this vender again whe i have need for silver or anyother product. And I got my proudct supper quick. <end>  Pretty Pendant Chain  Got this in 18" length for a heart pendant for my wife. Very nice chain pattern, wife loves it. Highly recommend. <end>  Great chain!  I have been looking for a chain to go with a special Sterling Silver snowflake pendant that I've had for over 20 years. This chain was perfect. Great product and great price. <end>  Everything was perfecto!  The chain came on time and I was very pleased. This is my second time ordering from Gem Avenue and in the future I will be ordering more. <end>  Beautiful!!  I love this necklace. It was so much better than what I really expected for the price. I also ordered another type of chain from the same seller and was so impressed with them and the quality of what they are selling that I ordered a 3rd chain. I would highly recommend this item. <end>  Great Purchase  I bought this necklace for my adult daughter as a gift. She is very happy with it and has been wearing it everyday. The price was very fair and I received my purchased item very quickly. I would highly recommend this seller. <end>  Excellent Figaro SS chain  I have gone through several thinner cheaper sterling silver necklaces and decided to try here. I ordered a nice Figaro chain 1.5 mm(previously I always bought 1.0 mm) the new Figaro I just bought here has been great, appears excellent quality, good finish sheen/shine, and has a lobster claw clasp which as we all know far superior in its quality. I am very pleased and will be ordering again for gifts, etc. soon!!! <end>  BEAUTIFUL!!  I PURCHASED THE 18 INCH. IT IS SO PRETTY AND SHINY,AND STRONG AS WELL. GREAT PRODUCT!! <end>  Nice chain  Simple and thin, yet sturdy and elegant. It's much lighter than my previous chain; so light that I don't really feel it when it's on. Clasp was easy to fasten as well. I would recommend this for anyone who needs or wants a chain for any small pendants. <end>  Very pleased  I purchased this as a gift for a relative and was delighted with the quality, just lovely, and the price can't be beat!! Very well made with sturdy clasp. <end>  Beautiful & Versatile  When I wore this chain with the pendant that I bought it for, I received numerous compliments. I also wore it without a pendant and again received many compliments. This chain is beautiful and versatile. You'll love it. <end>  A beautiful chain  I bought a Catholic medallion, but did not care for the chain. I purchased this one through Amazon.com. It is light weight, but strong and has a nice sparkleto it. I'm very satisfied, and have purchased more of the same chain. <end>  Great Chain, Great Price, Great Service  First off, I was impressed with how fast I received this after placing the order. The chain is lovely and shiny (I've ordered silver jewelry before that arrived tarnished to the point where I had to return it). The length of the chain and size of the linkage is perfect for the pendant that I'll hang from it and I'm pleased to see that it's also strong enough to support the pendant. I did internet searches for silver chains and this was by far the best value for the product.Overall, I'm very happy with the chain and would definitely buy from this vendor again. <end>  saved time and money  I ordered this chain for my husband - it looks very nice and saved me from running to the malls. Price was good as well. Very satisfied. <end>   )  Chain is made with attention, got very good quality and details. Is delicate but knots are strong enough. Lock is proper.Very nice beautiful product.Thank you <end>  Great Buy  This chain is beautiful and just the right size for an additional neck chain. The price can't be beat and the quality is superb. I highly recommend this site for purchasing such pieces of jewelry. <end>  Lovely detail!  This chain looks lovely and delicate, with beautiful detail, but is actually quite strong. Very nice clasp. Will be beautiful alone or with a pendant. Very happy with purchase! <end>  Nice Chain  I wear a Saint Thaddeus medal (my name sake) that I bought at the Vatican. I recently broke the chain and needed a new one. I found this one on line, and I am very happy with it. It is pretty, sturdy, the correct size and was a good price. <end>  Very pretty  This is a very pretty chain (I ordered the 18" chain). Pendants slide on the chain easily and the clasp is large enough to fasten without any problem. <end>  Fine chain, great price  I bought this chain to wear with a St. Christopher medal, and it works just fine for this purpose. It is surprisingly sturdy for what would appear to be a very delicate link structure. I wear it day and night, in the shower, etc, with no worries. Probably not best for a very heavy medal, but it's perfect for the small medal I wear. Oh - and, it's really pretty! <end>  very pretty  I found this product to be of high quality and very attractive. The length was perfect for me and it fit the charm I had purchased as if it were made for it. Would highly recommend this product. <end>  A pleasant surprise  I was very impressed by this chain. Actually, it was a lot nicer than I had expected. I couldn't have been more satisfied with the chain, the price, and the customer service. I was also surprised that it was shipped out the day I ordered it, and I had received it two days later. I highly recommend this site/seller!!!! Very satisfied and impressed! <end>  Nice chain for price  I think that if you are looking for a basic chain you will not be disappointed - very nice simple chain, durable, and a nice difference than the serpent type chain! <end>  pretty design  this chain although very fine is also very beautiful. I was not sure what size the links would be before I purchased it. I would go for bigger links, but I do love the design. I would purchase the same design again, but in a bigger link. <end>  Really good quality  This was a gift for my boyfriend last Christmas, to replace another chain he was using of some random metal that would sometimes color his neck orange (boys are weird sometimes, I would've thrown it out the first time it happened). Anywho, he loved this gift and wears it everyday. I love that it doesn't make his neck smell funky or turn his skin colors. It also looks really good and is well made. Another plus is it's made in Italy, and he's Italian so he thought that was cool. Highly recommend! <end>  Beautiful  I was extremely pleased to see a sparkling chain when I opened the very pretty silver box.The chain was much prettier than it appeared in the web photograph.I love that there are variations in the chain pattern and this design catches the light much better than plain link chains.It is strong enough for a medium size pendant but it is rather delicate looking so I match it to my more delicate pendants.I haven't worn it through the night, but I think it would do fine.I really like this chain and I think most buyers would like it, too. <end>  simple yet classy!  I love this chain! I love it because it's sturdy enough for be to sleep in and wear it everyday, but it's not bulky. It's a very simple and classy chain which is exactly what I wanted!! <end>  Good seller  I ordered several of these chains and in different sizes. I was nervous about ordering jewelry online without being able to see it but it turns out that I'm very happy that I did. This is a thinner chain, suitable for a girl, but it seems well made and has a solid feel. If you are looking for an antiqued or a duller finish this is not the one for you as it is very shiny (which I like). Oh, and it came in a pretty little silver gift box. I would recommend this chain to anyone. <end>  Perfect chain!  This chain is exactly what I wanted to go with the Celtic Knot I bought from Gem Avenue.It is well made, sturdy, very shiny and attractive. If you like sterling silver, you'll love this chain. You get to pick the length you want to buy and Gem Avenue always sends their products in beautiful packaging. For you or ready to give as a gift. The price is great too...Enjoy! <end>  Beautiful chain  The necklace is very pretty and delicate looking but at the same time appears strong and will not break easily. <end>  Gorgeous Chain with Fine Detail  For the drastically reduced price, I was expecting something middle-of-the-road, but...this necklace blew me away! It was exactly what I wanted and needed for displaying my many pendants. A well-crafted chain made of sterling silver at an unbeatable price, a pretty piece of jewelry that classes up any outfit...you can't go wrong with this piece. <end>  Very nice piece of jewelry  The design of this chain was very attractive. I chose the 22&#34; length so that I could have a longer chain to wear with sweaters. It feels like a good quality necklace and fastens securely with a lobster-claw fastener. Even my heavier jeweled accessories can hang from this chain without me worrying that they may break the chain. I like the style of it. The pattern consists of one elongated link and then three smaller round links which repeat to form the chain. It shines but seems to have a whiter tone as compared to the bright silver look. I'm very happy with my purchase of this chain. <end>  clasp  I was rather disapointed when I opened the package and the clasp was different than the picture showed. Other than that it is a beautiful chain. <end>  Very Nice Chain  Had an unusual coin (Provencial Large Cent) to make into a necklace. Bezel had to be a special ordered, but this chain filled the bill just fine.Might have up the width of the chain a bit. <end>  Pendant chain from Amazon  I needed a pair of chains to go with the silver crosses that were to be awarded to my church's media team. These chains were described as just what I needed. When received, they more than met my expectations. Good company and a good buy. <end>  perfect!  I ordered the 30" chain and it's beautiful. Perfect length! I'm actually ordering another today, along with a shorter length. Highly recommend this product and seller. Shipping was fast and secure. The silver is a beautiful quality. Very happy! <end>  Great item!  This chain is very beautiful! I tried it with several of my pendants and it looks really great! Arrived very fast and the packing is nice as well. See customer image from Amorina above. Recommended. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  I am very happy with my recent purchase of this necklace. It is better than pictured and really sparkles when in a sunny/well-lit room. This delicate necklace is the perfect width for any female. It looks and feels (sturdy) like it should cost many times more than it does. My order also arrived very quickly which was a pleasant surprise given the holiday season. Definitely a 5 star purchase! <end>  Excellent!  I purchased this necklace for a stocking stuffer! My Mom, really loved it and it holds the pendant well! <end>  preattier than in the picture  I bought this for Christmas for my daughter, she is going to put a pendant with her baby's picture in it. It is very feminine looking. I think she is really going to like it. I will be buying more from you in the future. <end>  wonderful  I truly love that chain. Just beautiful. I bought one for my sister & nephew. It only took a couple of days to get them. <end>  So pleased with this necklace  I just received my necklace and I am so pleased. It is a perfect match for the Celtic cross that I intended to pair it with. The design is delicate and so attractive. I have been looking for months for something to pair with this cross--the 30" length, the design of the chain, and the cross are a perfect pairing. <end>  Nearly perfect chain  This chain is lovely and delicate, yet strong enough to hold a pendant or prayer box. Clasp could be larger and easier to open and close. <end>  Very nice  This chain is beautiful and seems to be of very good quality. I bought it to go with a pendant my sister is going to wear as Maid of Honor at my wedding and I'm sure she'll love it! <end>  A Stunning Piece  Fast delivery and very nice sterling silver necklace for pendants or to wear alone; competitively priced for a 20". Pleased with this purchase. <end>  Satisfied  It is not artistically made. But based on the price, you should not expect too much. Overall, I am satisfied. <end>  It's cheap because it's cheap.  Started tarnishing the day I opened it. I've had it for three months and it looks like an old, ugly, gold chain; when it started out as a sparkly, shiny, silver chain! Don't get it unless you're prepared with Silver Jewelry cleaner on hand. <end>  Too small  Too small to fit around my boyfriends neck. However the shipping was great. arrived before the estimated date <end>  Pretty Little Necklace  Can't beat the quality or the price! Just a perfect little necklace sparking necklace for most of my pendants. <end>  Great Buy on a Sterling Chain  I ordered this figaro chain for a tiny charm I purchased at a jewelry show. This chain is much prettier and priced less than I could buy at the show. I love this link design - this is a fantastic buy! The chain arrived promptly as noted in the description. It is very nicely polished. It is also marked sterling which is what I wanted to purchase. I was surprised at how beautiful the chain is when it arrived! I will buy from this vendor again in the future. <end>  Exceptional value!  When I purchased this chain I thought it would be of a much lesser quality than it actually is! It's a beautiful chain, smooth,and just the right size for the Swarovski Crystal pendant. It's WELL worth the money! <end>  Lightweight price; sturdy chain  The chain doesn't weigh much, but the links and clasp are sturdy; nice sparkle. Given the price, one might dismiss the chain as a throwaway (wear once before it breaks), but it holds up quite nicely and looks much more expensive than the actual cost. Good customer service, too. <end>  TOTALY PLEASED  I was very impressed by this chain. Actually, it was a lot nicer than I had expected. I couldn't have been more satisfied with the chain AND the price. i bought this for my wife and she was totaly pleased with the size and the large clasp. i would reccomend this chain for its beauty and ease of use, her pendants slide on nicely and she wears it daily.thanks again for a great productjohn muoio <end>  Excellant item at a reasonable price.  Shopping for Mother's Day is always such a hassle so I decided to try ordering this silver chain on line for my Mother-in-Law. Not only did it arrive quickly, but it came in a nice silver box. Very sweet chain for the charm we bought her. Used this seller again when I needed another chain recently. <end>  really nice chain!  I was really surprized how nice this chain was + sturdy ! I ordered for a pendant the 18is perfect .Thanks <end>  Very pretty and feminine. Well made. Good deal.  This is a very pretty little chain. I first bought the 3mm one, which was very nice, but looked more masculine then the smaller chain. I would recommend either of them. Nicely made and wears beautifully. <end>  Excellent quality  I was very pleased when I received this product. The quality was excellent and it is a beautiful chain. <end>  Beautiful chain, sturdy - I've been wearing it for THREE YEARS!  I've worn this chain for THREE YEARS, nonstop (I only took it off one time for an x-ray!), and it's still in great shape! So it lasts a long time too! I really wish I could give it 4.5 stars instead of 4!****************************This is a beautiful chain for a pendant (or like me, a Saint's medal!). It has a lovely intricate design that I haven't seen before and is quite stunning. The chain is a tad bit shiny, so keep that in mind. I've worn mine solidly for a month now, take showers & sleep in it, and it's still holding up, as is my 6 year old daughter's chain, who also wears it sleeping, playing, and all that rough stuff that kids do. Neither one has shown any signs of weakness and for the price, I highly recommend it.The only flaw I saw was that one or two tiny links were "bunched" up with each other, I was able to fix all but one by simply pulling them and trying to wiggle it. I still haven't fixed the last one but I am afraid to break the chain, and since it is minor it's staying. I would recommend the chain more for women than men, although if your man isn't particularly picky.... it seems more feminine to me with the fancy design.I plan on buying more for my other children when I get around to it!! <end>
 B000ESKFTY  Hairpin, 'Regal' 1.1" W 4.3" L ||	  BEAUTIFUL!  Oh my god. I have middle-of-back length fine hair. This is the prettiest hairstick ever! Looks SO good with a bun, or an updo hairstyle. Also looks great with a long thick fall! Which is what I got it for! I feel like a princess no matter how I wear it! Not too wide, not too dainty. And its real silver, at comparable prices to cheap-looking base-metal & crystal ovrpriced hairsticks! This, I will have forever! Very sturdy! Not too heavy though! Get one its amazing. ~ Namaste <end>
 B000ESO2M0  Amazon.com  Loving Family Necklace 2 parents, 2 CHILDREN  Clothing ||	  Loving Family Necklace  It looks very nice and as displayed on website. Customer Service both at Amazon and the company supplying the item was very nice. <end>
 B000ET6D2G  Garnet waterfall necklace, 'Queen of India' ||	  Awesome Piece for the Price!  This was the hit of the Christmas gifts this year. My wife loved it. It's nice to see options beyond the run-of-the-mill jewelry manufacturing. <end>
 B000ETJJSG  10 KT Yellow Gold Heart 10K Ankle Bracelet 10" Anklet ||	  EVEN BETTER THAN EXPECTED  JUST BEAUTIFUL, VERY COMFORTABLE, I DECIDED TO PAY THE PRICE IN HOPES THAT THIS ANKLE BRACELET WILL LAST A VERY LONG TIME, BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE IT... <end>
 B000ETWSPC  Sterling Silver Blue Crystal Rondelle 20" Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  very pretty  These are so pretty, they are lightweight so not bothersome to wear. I was sure to pinch the wires closer together to help keep them in. <end>  Blue Crystal  I like these earrings, but I have a hard time wearing them. I ordered a pair to wear with jeans and denim, but this pair was too small. I like the color of the earrings and the drop length. The crystals are gorgeous too, but the earring is just a little too small for my taste. Otherwise I recommend it as a gift for anyone. <end>  Very pretty earrings...  I love these inexpensive pretty earrings! I get compliments from family & friends whenever I wear them too.... <end>  I love it  I love this item. I would absolutely recommend people to try it. It is very cute and trendy. <end>  Pretty but fell out easily  These earrings are gorgeous. But I only go to wear them for a day because they fell out somewhere along the way. <end>
 B000ETY756  .81 cttw Princess Cut Channel Set And Filigree 14k Yellow Gold Wedding Band (H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity), Size 5.5 ||	  funny fit and uncomfortable  I ordered this ring in a small size and discovered upon receiving it that it was very uncomfotable to wear. The over all shape of the ring in the small size was more oval than round, making it strange to feel between my fingers  the hole for the finger was round, the ring itself oval. I sent it back. It also seemed to me that the diamonds were awfully yellow for their stated color grade. <end>
 B000EU11HW  Sterling Silver 10mm Pink Mother of Pearl and Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Pretty either dressed up or down  These earrings look terrific with pants and a nice top or perhaps dressed up a bit more. They are simply comfortable and pretty - and priced right. <end>
 B000EVD8V8  New Wooden Oak Jewelry Armoire Mirror Wood Box Chest ||	  This was the perfect armoire  This was the perfect jewlery armoire! I have been looking for a very long time to find one that matched the rest of my bedroom suit and if you didn't know better you would have thought that this piece was part of the set. It is the perfect height for hanging necklaces without getting them all intertwined with each other. There is plenty of space for all my jewlery with just enough separation compartments so that things do not become unorganized. The quality of this piece is also very good. I would recommend this jewlery armoire to everyone! <end>  Oak jewellery armoire  Excellent product; solves all my jewellery storage needs in a very attractive armoire that manages to also match my bedroom furniture. Thank you! <end>
 B000EVODT4  14k White Gold 6-Stone Diamond Cross Pendant (1/2 cttw, I1 Clarity, H-I Color) ||	  Diamond Cross Pendant  I looked everywhere-jewelery stores, the diamond district, other websites-and couldn't find the diamond cross pendant that I was looking for (unless I wanted to spend over $2,000!) As a last resort I searched the Amazon website. I was so happy to find this necklace, it was exactly what I was looking for. It is beautiful, very substantial, but not too much. I haven't taken it off since I bought it! <end>
 B000EVRTYK  Detailed Sterling Silver Amy Brown Vines Fairy Faerie Hook Earrings ||	  great earrings  these earrings are lovely, I say it again, I love Amy Brown's stuff - she so talented.... <end>
 B000EVRTYU  Dragonheart Sterling Silver Dragon Couple Pendant with 18" Box Chain Necklace ||	  My Girlfriend Loves it!  This was the first major gift I got my girlfriend (though technically we weren't dating at the time). It was her birthday gift last year, and she's worn it every time I see her (I haven't asked if she always wears it or not). She was surprised when I gave it to her, but she loved it immediately. To get to the point  she loves it and I think it looks amazing, even after a year of (likely) daily wear. I highly recommend this to any dragon lover (or as a gift for a loved one who loves dragons). <end>  Great fantasy dragon charm!  If you're into dragons and fantasy and looking for something cute to give your S.O., look no further. I was hesitant at first about this charm because I thought it would be too big and look too cheap (like cheap nickel or pewter jewelry) but I was pleasantly surprised when I got this. It's just the right size, a little over an inch in its widest point, and the sterling silver looks great, not dirty or grungy. Instead it's very shiny and goes with almost anything. I am so glad my boyfriend got it for me. I'll definitely be proudly wearing this one to Dragon*Con this year. <end>  Nice Little Symbolic Pendant  I bought this for my Wife for Valentines day '08. It's held up to very frequent wear since then with no scratches or tarnishing. Plus, we both like the symbolism. Highly recommended for your loved one who appreciates dragons. <end>  Quality Jewelry  My teenage son wanted this necklace as a gift for a friend. I was surprised to find it without any scratchy edges, and was smooth for the wearer. He was very pleased! <end>
 B000EVS4XK  SILVER-Colored Tie Clip Bar with Dolphin Tie Clasp ||	  good pin for casual occasions  Good buy. So far no problem using it.Good for casual occasions. <end>  My dad loves it  I bought several tie bars for my father, and this is his favorite. He really likes it. I wish they had one in gold, also. <end>  Silver-Colored Tie Clip Bar with Dolphin  This silver-colored Dolphin tie clip bar is every bit as attractive as its picture and came in a nice little box. It was very well received by recipient. <end>
 B000EW92US  Luminous .925 Sterling Silver Emerald Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia 7 MM X 9 MM Stud Earrings Pendant Set ||	  Beautiful but, HUGE  If your into HUGE jewlery that really shine, then these items are for you. When I orderd them I didn't expect them to be so BIG. The earrings are heavy but the pendant is beautiful, once again if your like huge shiny things. All in all, for what I paided for them, I like them. Shipping took a bit longer then expected. <end>
 B000EWDFB0  Earrings - Green Aventurine and Amber Beads ||	  Beautiful dainty earrings  These were supposed to be a gift for a new teen, however, I will have to keep them for myself because the wiring seems like it will pull apart if not careful. Since the original recipient is into hugs and hanging out with friends on the phone, I was reluctant to give her earrings that might catch on the phone or in someone's hair and pull apart.Keeping them for ME, but only four stars since I'll have to be careful. Lovely, delicate earrings with a great color combination. <end>  Also Sweet!  Still a little small, but I love the combination of the aventurine with the amber. The earrings match several different pieces I own. <end>  gift for a loved one  bought them as a gift for a loved one, and they went over quite well. She wears them pretty regularly, and she has alot of other jewelry to choose from. I think I remember the price being reasonable too. <end>
 B000EWFLUI  Earrings - Mosaic Fetish Bear - "Slightly Less Than Perfect" ||	  Earrings  Service was excellent, product is very high quality, I will purchase from this seller again in the future. <end>  Very pretty earrings  I received my earrings very fast. It was less than three days after I ordered them. The earrings are very lightweight and super beautiful. I love looking at them because they have a very cool design and are just so stunning. I highly recommend these earrings and I will be purchasing other items from this company at a later date. <end>  Very Tiny Earrings  These bear fetish earring are nice but extremely small, really much more appropriate for a child than an adult. On an adult it is very difficult to see them because they are so small, even with a short haircut. <end>  Zuni Bear earrings...great choice!  Super fast shipping....these earrings are not too small, not too large, the right size for Zuni Fetish jewelry standard. If you like Native American jewelry this is perfect! And it matches multiple outfits with the different colors!!! Great as a gift for someone who likes bears or collects bear items....can't go wrong with these. These are indeed genuine sterling stamped, so rest assured its good silver. Thank you for this great product! I get many compliments and wear them almost every day since buying them with my Amazon gift card!!!  -) <end>
 B000EXUFJO  Necklace - N269 - Flip Flop Slipper ~ Purple Dots ||	  to small  i was wanting something bigger, so i was very upset and it was too small it didnt even fit over my head  ( <end>
 B000EZE4CG  Earrings - E1 - Swarovski Crystal Circles ~ Aqua ||	  Cirlcle O earrings  The earrings are just what I wanted. They arrived packaged well and in good time. I am happy. <end>
 B000EZIDOQ  There's No Place Like Home Moonstone and Amethyst Necklace ||	  pretty, but overpriced  this necklace was given to me by my family for the holidays. it is very pretty, but for the price paid, it was not a great value as the amethyst in the center was rather small, and the moonstones do not glisten as much as the picture depicts. it is quite pretty, but much more understated. at about $25 is the most i would pay for it. <end>
 B000EZVV86  10K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Heart Tennis Bracelet ||	  Very nice bracelet with loose lock  I gave this 10k white gold Diamond heart tennis bracelet to my wife on her birthday. She was suprprised and very happy to receive such a nice gift. Only problem is that lock of the Bracelet is very loose so its not suitable to wear everyday.(You never know when it will drop from your hand). <end>
 B000F02XR8  Everyday Elegance Drop Ring - Pink - 10 ||	  very pretty ring  We got this ring for my daughter's 13th birthday. I wanted to get her something pretty, but not too expensive, because she still does lose things from time to time. The ring was very pretty, especially for the cost. <end>
 B000F04AT2  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Princess Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 5mm Eternity Wedding Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Eternity Band  My eternity band arrived in excellent time and is nicer than I expected. I've worn it everyday since and it's still as sparkley as day one! <end>  Great for the price!  I was looking for a ring that I would wear when I didn't want to wear my engagement ring. And I found it. This ring looks like the real thing and I don't need to worry about losing it! It is very true to the size. It has a sturdy setting and the stones are positioned perfectly. They are not too big, but not tiny either. I love it! <end>  Great for the cost  I ordered this ring as a temporary wedding band to go with my engagement ring until we can afford the ring I plan on getting later... It does look great and if you aren't studying it I think it looks real, however if you look there are gaps between each stone which makes it not look that great. Also, I've been wearing it for at least a month nonstop and it does look a little dinged and dented but it's not noticeable at all unless you're up close. Overall, for the price it's a lot better than I was expecting. <end>  great product for the price  Perfect fit and so far great quality. Everyone at work has commented on its sparkle. I have worn in 24/7 for a week now and there is no fading or tarnishing. Why worry about losing the real thing when you have have the next best thing for the best price~ <end>  Love it!  I am pregnant and my wedding rings are no longer fitting me. I was looking for a low-cost wedding ring replacement and this ring has been great! It's thick enough to look really good all on its own and it's a very pretty ring. But truthfully, it does look like CZs and not diamonds (but I think CZs are always pretty obvious in comparison to diamonds' "fire".) That said, I am beyond pleased with the level of quality for the price of this ring though. I'd highly recommend it. <end>  Good value for price  Was quite surprised with this ring. For CZ it it did have some sparkle and the sliver goes well with my 18K white gold ring. I could of gone with stones just on the top and not all the way round, but it was happy with my decision. I have quite short fingers and it still looked nice too. For the cost, it was worth the money. <end>  Love it!  I ordered this ring as my wedding band and engagement rings got too tight during pregnany and I am old fashioned enough to not want a naked finger. The order was shipped sooner than they indicated and I was plesantly surprised by the ring. I've received tons of compliments when I wear this. It's a great back up ring for travling when you don't want to go with your expensive wedding set. This is a great ring, especially for the price. <end>  How can this be $20?  I wanted to buy something pretty (yet cheap) for myself. This was my first time ordering jewelry online, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But for $20, I figured that's a few coffees. This definitely exceeded my expectations. Arrived earlier than expected. Packaged very nicely, comes in a tiny cute little box. My only complaint is that the return address on outside of package says "Gem Avenue", I wonder if any go MIA in the mail.I wasn't sure what size to order, so I ordered a 7 and figured it would fit on one of my fingers. It looks great on my right hand middle finger. Very sparkly, I cannot tell the difference between this ring and a diamond ring that I have. I couldn't stop staring at it on the way home, beautiful. If this ring holds up for months, years....why do people go in debt to buy diamonds? Very happy with purchase. <end>  Ring size  I like the ring and love the comments! Sizes are limited, though. Can you have it at 6.5? <end>  nice ring for the price  I bought this as a piece of costume jewelry for my wife, and she remarked about how real it looked. Good value for the price if you are looking for something to imitate a real white gold and diamond eternity band. <end>  You don't have to tell them it's a Zirconia.  I wear this ring constantly. I love it.The band is a little taller than I was expecting, but it's really comfortable. The princess cut 'diamonds' stand out in a crowd, and the ring hasn't scratched at all. I work with kids, and forget to remove my rings alot.The only thing that would make this ring better would be that it was diamonds rather than cubics. <end>  Very Pretty Ring  I bought this ring for my daughters 16th Birthday and everyone loved it. My neice loved it so much I am getting her one and my other neice too! I think I seen one in pink CZ also. <end>  Pretty but.......  I loved this ring when I first saw it. I should have listened when i read other reviews. The gaps between the stones are large and noticeable. The ring size is not true; I wear a size 7 so that was what I ordered when i should have gone up to a size 8. If you have small hands this is not the ring for you, trust me. Get yourself a band that is 2 or 3mm no biggger. I have already started looking for a better fitting wedding band. As my title stated this is a pretty ring but it does have it's flaws. <end>  Terrible quality; will return.  I was so excited when I first found this highly rated ring on Amazon. I have a lot of good looking CZ jewelry, so I know that it's possible to find a CZ piece that could pass for "real looking" jewelry. Most people on Amazon seemed happy with the ring, so I happily bought it.When the ring came in, I immediately noticed the large gaps in between the stones. I posted two pics so you can see what I am referring to. If you look at the ring up close, there is no way you wouldn't see the gaps. Also, the ring is not perfectly round. It looks like it was beaten into a circle with a blunt object, but no one performed a quality inspection to make sure it was acceptable.I wish I would have listened to the 1 star review from Puggaforevet, so I wouldn't have to go through the hassle of returning it now. Definitely a let down. <end>  Didn't Like  The fit was great, the service was great, but it didn't sparkle, was very dull. I kept it, but I should have returned it. <end>  Beautiful!!  These rings are beautiful. I purchased 2 of them to stack on each side of my wedding band and you wouldn't know they aren't real. I love them. <end>  Stopped wearing it  I bought this as my wedding ring. While at first it was beautiful, after wearing it for a month or so, the actual ring was no longer straight around. It had actually bent slightly. So when placing it on a table, it didn't lay flat. Which is weird because I just type all day. Plus, it was hard to see any sparkle in the "stones" because of the backing on them. I'm going to purchase another ring for a replacement. <end>  Not good  Not sterling silver! No .925 stamp engraving is visible inside;Not comfortable! The band edges inside are not smooth;Not attractive! The gaps between each stone, varying in width, ruins effect;Such poor quality, even for CZ.Save your money and shop in person where you can examine the product <end>  LOVE THIS RING AND GEM AVENUE SERVICE!  I have to tell you the excellent job this seller did -They went out of their way to correct an error I brought to their attention that wasn't even their fault - and that they didn't have to bother with, and they promptly fixed it and handled it with class and ease.I recommend Gem to EVERYONE who cares for quality products and service. The ring is stunning too, it is a beautiful shiny piece and very well made - looks just like the real thing. It is only matched by Gem Avenue's service. <end>  Great Ring  I bought this ring to wear until I can get my wedding rings fixed. It is very beautiful and is just as advertised. Shipping was very timely. <end>  extremely satisfied  I just received the ring and was extremely surprised  it looks just as it did in the picture, if not better, the price was amazing and it looks extremely sparkly and I have gotten so many compliments and adorers. Absolutely beautiful and well-constructed; true to size and very comfortable. Thanks Gem Avenue! <end>  Eternity Band  This ring is very beautiful and I have received compliments about it. However, it does look different than it appears on the site. Only the person who wears it often will begin to recognize some things about. The first interesting thing is that the band is quite thick. This is neither a positive or a negative, just interesting. The second thing I noticed is that there are little gaps between the stones. For the price I paid, I cannot complain, but I do sometimes rotate my ring so that the section with the least gaps is on top. The best thing is that it has not tarnished. <end>  Very sparkly!  Great quality, and the cz's are very sparkly! Comfortable fit, too. Very satisfied with this product! <end>  Sterling Silver Eternity Band  Love, love, love this ring! I bought it as replacement wedding band and the fit is perfect and the stones are beautiful. No complaints here! The stones are the perfect size; you can't tell if it is fake or not. I am impressed with the quality of the ring for the low price. It is comfortable to wear. The band is thicker than I thought it would be, but it ended up looking really good with the princess cut sterling silver ring I bought from the same seller. <end>  This is it!!!!  This ring is gorgeous! It is an unbelievable bargain! As good as this ring looks it can't be beat. I LOVE IT! It is extremely comfortable and the shine is non stop. It is a substantial piece of jewelery that won't get out of shape over time. This sizing was dead on and it arrived much earlier than expected. <end>  Great Ring!  Great quality, the cz's are very sparkly and the silver looks amazing. Very satisfied with the ring, my girlfriend loved it. Will buy from again. <end>  Dazzling but a little uncomfortable  This ring is absolutely gorgeous and looks exactly as pictured. Dazzling stones and nice silver. The only downside is that I've never owned a ring like this and didn't realize how thick it is (from inside ring to outside ring) so it takes some getting used to.I would highly recommend this ring to anyone looking for a nice bauble at a very reasonable price. <end>  nice ring  The quality and construction of this ring is extremely nice. I was a little disappointed in the size of the ring...thinking that it would be wider...but it's still lovely and it's a nice alternative band to wear with my "bling" engagement ring. <end>  Needed something less "fragile"  I have owned 2 eternity rings prior to this one, the 1st being a real diamond one and the 2nd being a cubic z. Both these rings were very thin and the diamonds/cubic z wasnt very "protected" by the actual ring. I ended up losing a stone out of one and the Czs in the 2nd one just looked terrible after a while. Since I work with horses which requires LOTS of hand work I decided to try to find a ring that could withstand all the cowgirl abuse.I decided on this ring because it was a thicker ring, the CZs appeared to be pretty protected. I thought why not. Received the ring and LOVE it!!! It is a bigger (thicker) size which I wanted and it truly is a beautiful ring. When it gets dirty (aforementioned horse stuff) regular jewerly cleaner works perfect to get it back to its sparkly self. Seriously in the light you cant tell the difference between the CZs in this ring and the diamonds on my wedding band. The ring has held its own despite all my abuse. Ive even considered buying a 2nd one (just in case) You cant beat this ring's quality for the price, truly. Ive gotten tons of compliments and LOVE the ring.Just remember---if you're looking for a delicate eternity ring this is NOT it. The ring is not HUGE but isnt thin or delicate by any means.ps-I also appreciated the thank you email from the actual company thanking me for my positive feedback. <end>  Love it love it love it  I bought this ring due to the fact that my original simple wedding ring does not fit me anymore after my pregnancy.My hubby and I decided to buy a matching set when we go to Peru and for the time being I would buy a "cheap" replacement.But let me tell you I think I am going to keep this one! It looks so real!!! I just love it !!! <end>  .925 sterling eternity band  this ring is fabulous and just as described. I have always been nervous about buying jewelry online and I am here to say I am impressed with this ring. It fits great. Gem Avenue is one shop I plan on visiting often. Thank you for the great ring and even better service. Highly reccomend them for all your jewelry needs <end>  Gorgeous ring!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous! It doesn't look cheap at all, which is great since it's so inexpensive! I plan on wearing it in place of my wedding band and engagement ring if I go downtown at night or on vacation, or anywhere I feel like I'm at risk of losing my real set. It's 4mm wide so it's very substantial. I would definitely purchase from Gem Avenue again. <end>  just beautiful!!  I was looking for a band to wear w/ my engagement ring. I ordered 2 rings because they looked so pretty in the picture. I was right. Would totally recommend them. Even my husband commented on how nice they were. <end>  Eternity Band  Gorgeous!! I paired this stunning band with an 8mm tungsten band and WOW! The sparkle is unbelievable. Quality much more than I expected. Absolutely love it and would recommend to anyone. <end>  nice  Great quality and beautiful My girlfriend she likes the ring  )The price was very appropriate Thanks Gem Avenue Will re-purchase the products again <end>  Very pretty.  Much better than I had expected. I don't wear it continuously, but it's very shiny and sparkly. It's nice alone or with other rings. <end>  cz ring----just as advertised-----!!!!!  No surprises, wearing it daily now for a month and it looks as good as the first day. Great quality. <end>  NOT SO NICE  I ORDER THIS RING READING ALL THE OTHER COMMENTS THAT PEOPLE LEFT SAYING THIS RING WAS SO NICE THE DIAMONDS LOOK REAL WHEN I GOT THIS RING I WAS MAD THE DIAMONDS LOOK PLASTIC AND YOU CAN TELL THE RING WASNT REAL I KNO THE DIAMONDS ARENT REAL BUT IT STILL COULD OF LOOK AT LOT BETTER THAN WHAT IT DID.I GUESS U HAVE TO JUDGE FOR URSELF AND DONT LISTEN TO OTHER PEOPLE WHEN IT COMES DOWN TO JEWERLY <end>  Great Ring and Service  The ring is beautiful. Very sparkly and looks real. I wear it at work and it definitely is durable. <end>  Perfect product and customer service!  Good customer service - received ring very quickly in the mail, and was packaged very nicely and securely. Ring just as described, and exactly what I was expecting. Really pretty, quality looking ring, especially for $20! I don't believe anyone would know it is not real. Sizing was right on. I find the ring to be very comfortable. Not a tiny, cheap, narrow looking band - nice width without being big and flashy looking. Overall, completely happy with this ring! <end>  Really nice.....  I am very happy with Gem Avenue. Their service is quick and the product I purchased was exactly what I expected. I have ordered from this company 3 times, and the service and quality is great. <end>  great sparkler  I love it, but it's a little bulky on your finger. Once you get used to it, it's great. The only down side is that I've had it for two months and it is already showing some wear and tear. But, I'd definitely buy it again. <end>  Very pleased  I received this ring promptly and was extremely satisfied with the quality and the sparkle of it. Was pleasantly surprised since the cost is very reasonable. The fit was perfect. I will definately shop here again. <end>  Amazing!  My fiance and I picked out this band to match the .925 Sterling Silver Princess Cut CZ (also from Gem Avenue) that we had purchased for my engagement ring. I must say that I have zero complaints about the ring. It fits great and when the light hits it, it just shines. I haven't worn it much since we aren't getting married for another year but I've had it out to show it off a few times and the people who I've shown it to just love it! Nobody has asked about either of my rings being fake.. I've gotten all compliments! This is a great band for those who don't want to spend the money on gold and diamonds. I'm easy to please, just happy to be getting married!Gem Avenue was great on delivery too..ordered on a Monday evening and received the rings Friday afternoon. <end>  looks real!  received the ring today and am super happy with it! hope it stays looking as REAL looking as it does now! super sparkley and true to size  ) <end>  Which is real???  This ring is beautiful. The color is perfect. It is pictured beautiful and comes looking just like it if not better. Will buy again even for a friend. <end>  This is great  I had bought this for my girlfriend as a promise ring, and she just loves it! the only down side is the size's for this ring are limited, but still a great ring for a great price. <end>  LOVE IT!  A must get! The ring is so pretty, great shine but a little bulky for my fingers but overall very good quality. I wear it all the time and people think it is real especially when the lights are dim. Service was great and received my ring in no time. Will buy again from this buyer. <end>
 B000F06X4W  The Jazz Club Eternity Band - Emerald Green ||	  Very Pretty!  Great ring for the price, niece has received a lot of compliments on this, quite sparkly and stones seem to be holding up well. <end>  Quite a lovely ring...  I got this for a nice August colored ring. This ring is beautiful especially in the right lite, it'll sparkle away.I wear it daily & love it, many compliments.The con....For me it took some getting used to, it's not a smooth outside fit because the green stones are raised & the stones go all the way around.It would of been a more comfy wear if they'd only gone half around it. It tends to chafe my pinky knuckle & can hurt if your fingers get squeezed together.Other than that... I can be kinda ruff on my rings & it's just as good today as when I got it. It's just gorgeous, doesn't look cheap & love all it's sparkle! <end>
 B000F08KTS  Can't-Say-No Promise Ring - 10 ||	  What a wonderful piece of jewelry!  This ring really looks way better than the picture. The center stone stands out and the stones on the side sparkle much more than what is shown in the picture. This ring looks very expensive and pricey. The quality of the piece is great. For this price, I cannot ask for more. Pleasantly surprised and very happy with the purchase. Its a Can't-go-wrong ring. Highly recommended. <end>  Nice but not real  I bought this because well it's a beautiful ring and looks so real. But after a week of wearing it my ring finger turned green. It's not real silver. I still think it's beautiful and the stones like so real but I guess you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000F0RFB2  Sterling Silver Leaf Charm Bracelet, 1/4 inch (7 mm) wide ||	  She loved it!  gave this to my baby for christmas, she loved it! thanks!If I were a more openly excitable person I'd give 5 stars so don't feel bad about 4, the product is cute, and worth the price to see my baby smile  ] <end>
 B000F0WW06  Pugster October Birthstone Square Double Flower Pattern Pink Crystal Pin Photo European Beads Earrings ||	  left dangling  I received these earrings yesterday and was very disappointed. The colors are so faded out that it is hard to tell what colors they are supposed to be. The pictured item in no way portays the true item and so my best advice to you would be to pass on this one. <end>
 B000F0ZS5M  Sterling Silver Tube Hoop Earrings with Post-Snap Closure 2.5mm 9/16 inch round ||	  Still holding up  I've had these for a couple of years now and they are still in great shape. The quality is excellent and I would highly recommend them to anyone needing silver hoops. They look great and fit comfortably too. <end>
 B000F100DG  Ribbon Brooch ||	  Could have been better..  It looks very pretty and elegant from far, but up close it looks a lil cheap the diamonds are really small and not even on all the rows jus on 4 of the 7 rows. The silver polish is what is mostly making it sparkle...It is also a tad expensive for a brooch.. <end>
 B000F11A2Q  Sterling Silver Frog Charm Bracelet, 1/4 inch (7 mm) wide ||	  Excellent!  I ordered this bracelet for my mother for her birthday. She loves frogs and this was a perfect gift for her! I was very pleased with the quality and detail of the bracelet. <end>  A little small  The bracelet is really pretty, but the frogs were smaller than I thought and the bracelet itsself is rather small. Luckily it fit my Mom fine (Christmas gift to her), but if you have fairly large wrists I would go with something else. <end>
 B000F11FSA  Sterling Silver Bangle Bracelet Floral Pattern Hand Engraved Thin 3/16 inch wide ||	  Comfortable  I enjoy wearing this bangle since it is small enough for my wrist and it doesn't get in the way when I am busy. It's very attractive also. <end>
 B000F12B4M  Sterling Silver Bangle Bracelet High Polished 3/8 inch wide ||	  Pretty  Just as described, great value, prompt shipping, nice addition to my jewelry collection. nice bangle. Sterling silver if on eof my favorites. <end>  Silver Bangle Bracelet  This is a very cute and shiny bracelet. I had hoped it would be heavy but it is very light. At first glance, it looked like a child's bracelet. I think this bracelet would be perfect for those with thin wrists. Plus very fast shipping. <end>  Beautiful!  I purchased this bracelet as a gift - it is beautiful!! The young lady that received it loved it and wears if often. Great price!! <end>
 B000F140KA  Gent's Sterling Silver Black Obsidian with Synthetic Turquoise Ring ||	  Fast & Good Service  The order was as good as it's picture. Received ring very quick and ring was in good shape. <end>
 B000F146UO  Sterling Silver 7 mm Southwest Design Peace Sign Ring 1/4 inch wide Hand Made ||	  peace  The ring was just as represented and very detailed and beautiful just as it appeared! <end>  Beautiful rings!!  I'm very happy with both rings that I ordered!! I ordered 2 of things rings to be wornas a symbol of friendship and when I received them, was so impressed! They are sturdy andvery pretty!! Would definately order from this company again!! Highly recommend!! <end>  Peace Lovers Joy  If you love peace jewelry in any way at all, this is the ring for you! It is beautiful, sturdy, non-tarnishing and at a most reasonable price! I wear it almost everyday; I've dropped it, washed dishes with it on, showered with it on, and it holds up like a trooper! You cannot go wrong if you purchase this gorgeous ring! Sabrina Silver and Amazon hit a home run with this one! <end>  Great Ring  As I searched for a peace sign ring for my son's 21st birthday, it was rather disappointing with the selections out there. BUT, I finally found this one. I cut it close with the delivery, but the ring arrived early and with no issues. I cannot tell you how pleased I was. The ring is substantial in weight and quality -- and "not girly". My son loves the ring. He put it on right away and hasn't taken it off since! THANKS! <end>
 B000F147VM  Gent's Sterling Silver Tiger Eye with Diagonal Stripes Ring ||	  Stunning Quality!  I've gotta tell you, the product image does NOT do this ring justice! I was really stunned when I opened the box- the silver is polished to a near-mirror shine, and the tiger eye stones absolutely shimmer in the light. My wife was impressed with the heft of the ring also; she's completed courses in appraising jewelry, and she refused to believe that I bought this ring for less than $40. It's a really wide ring, so my only suggestion is that you order it a size larger than your usual size for a better fit. The seller was very prompt, too- they shipped the same day they received my order. I'll be buying from them again! <end>  mens ring  my husband loves it only thing is you cant have this ring resized due to the way the ring is made <end>
 B000F15ZWW  Sterling Silver Striped Malachite Ring ||	  Great ring, very stylish!  Bought this ring because I wanted something unique, and it fits the bill!The malachite on my ring is a much brighter green than the picture, which makes it much more noticeable. Only downside is that ring is a bit tall, so just make sure you don't hit it on anything. Overall, a great ring!P.S. The black bar in the picture is NOT on the ring, only in the picture. <end>
 B000F166Q6  Gent's Sterling Silver Rectangular Tiger Eye Ring ||	  nice ring, but the stone is actually lighter  I bought the ring for my hubby. he loves the ring, but the stone is quite light, not as shown on the screen. It would be 5 star if the stone color is as dark as shown in the photo. Anyway, still a gorgeous ring. <end>
 B000F19KQ4  Gent's Sterling Silver Triple Diagonal Malachite Ring ||	  Sabrina Silver!  For an expedited, no hassle, no extra fees. Just remarkable, affordable qualityin silver...Sabrina Silver is there. I have each digit covered, but, now's thetime to stock up early for XMAS! Hundreds of choices too! Try it out! <end>
 B000F19SJI  Gent's Sterling Silver Large Square Malachite Ring ||	  The so called stone was a piece of plastic!  This stone in this ring was just a peice of paper glued too the ring to look like a stone. I just wonder can you also buy differant Peices of paper to get a "differant" ring? <end>
 B000F1OTD8  Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate - 1 Gallon - 654 ||	  Blitz Gem and Jewelry Cleaner works great on cores and locks!  Used this liquid in our new sonic jewelry/parts cleaner and they came out like new. Years of grime gone in minutes! <end>  Great value  I don't leave the house with dirty jewelry. And I needed the bulk gallon because I was using up the 8 oz stuff too quickly. This stuff works great. <end>
 B000F22F6A  Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1.5mm Rope Chain Necklace ||	  this company is great and willing to work with you  I had purchased the necklace being shown here, although do to my own mistake i assumed it would be more of a man's style necklace, and heavier, so i had to return it, but the quality and design itself were of high quality, if i'd have been a female or had someone to give it to i would have kept it, and then continued shopping again.with returning the necklace, the company had NO (0) issues with my asking for a refund and processed it in less than 24 hours, I would be happy to continue using this company for further purchases, seeing how they have the customer's satisfaction in mind, not just one of those companies that's worried about a bottom line, and making you jump through hoops to deal with a refund or credit.this is one of the greatest companies i've dealt with in the past 10 years i've been buying any style of jewelery online.very prompt and efficient in handling questions, concerns they really bend over backwards to maker their customers happy and satisfied. <end>  Beautiful Quality Chain and Great Service  Very pleased with the 24" chain-just perfect to hold a mounted coin pendant. The chain is very strong and it looks beautiful as well. Can't determine how it's going to hold up to continued use since I just received it, but so far very happy with the purchase. The shipping service was very speedy and I appreciate that as well. If I ever need to purchase any other pieces, I'll be checking out Gem on Amazon. <end>  I love my new rope chain  I wore my new sterling silver neck chain for the first time yesterday. I received 0ne compliment after another all day. I was so impressed by the quality and beauty of my new jewelry. I could not believe the price, very reasonable and the delivery service was speedy. Thank you I will be ordering again. You sure take the work out of shopping. <end>  great quality jewlery  I ordered this silver chain necklace to go with a miniature silver urn I bought and it matches perfect. The silver is so shiny and pretty. Its a durable necklace but delicate also. Its perfect to wear by itself or to attach a charm to. I wear it all the time and it does not wear away like lots of other necklace's do. Its light weight as well.Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1.5 MM Rope 24" Chain NecklaceIts good quality. The clasp is easy to use and durable. I would definitely order again from this company in the future. <end>  love it  I enjoyed my purchase, it was easy great product and arrived early. The seller discribed it well in the write up so I knew exactly what I was geting and was happy on the transaction. <end>  Very pretty necklace!  The Italian Sterling Silver necklace was more than I thought it would be. I wear it with my white gold pendants & you can't tell the difference. It has a lot of brillance & shine. I would recommend this necklace to anyone that doesn't want to pay the high price of a 24" gold necklace, you won't be disappointed. <end>  Sterling Silver Necklace  Received item very quickly and it is beautiful! Definitely would order from this vendor again in the future. <end>  recommend the silver necklass  The necklass was better than expected. Price was very, very reasonable. Arrived quickly. Very pleased. <end>  Wonderful necklace  All I can really say is that this is a very nice Sterling Silver chain. It has a nice weight to it. If your considering buying this item you will not be disappointed. <end>  Rope chain  Was very pleased to recieve this Beautiful rope chain at first.I ordered this chain for a friend, replacing a much thinner chain which always got tangled. Unfortunately he started getting a bad rash around his neck from this chain after a few weeks use.Be careful. <end>  Great price, great product, friendly customer service  I have been delighted with all of the lovely silver chains I have purchased from Gem Ave. Out of 6-8 ordered, only this chain arrived with 2 or 3 chinks. I called the company and the chain was replaced within 3 days without any hassles. The new chain was strong with a secure Italian lobster clasp. It had a lovely shine, without being "glaring" and artificial looking. It came in a small, wrappable gift box and will make a wonderful present paired with the silver pendant I have in mind. If it was possible to give a four and a half star rating on this product, I would have done it! <end>  Hey ! It's a nice Chain,  The title says it all. I bought this chain to display many silver based pendants I have collected over the years. The rope necklace was worth the price & then some ! <end>  A Very Pretty Chain Necklace  The necklace is a very pretty piece. It is great for pendants. Also, I really appreciate the quick shipping - I was able to wear the chain/necklace right away!! Thank you. <end>  Feels cheap  It's okay, have worn it a few times and it looks okay but it is so lightweight... not a great buy even at this price. <end>  Nice quality  Beautiful shiny SS necklace chain. I got it to put a SS pendant on it that I already owned. I'm very happy with it. <end>  Vernette  Just received this today and it is very well made and I will order some more later on.Highly recommend. <end>  Love it!  Great quality necklace. Appears to be made sturdy. Beautiful and has a nice shimmer to it. I would definitely buy this product again! <end>  Very Beautiful!  This item came faster than the estimated shipping which I am very happy about. Plus the necklace was just astonishing! It's so beautiful! and looks like it was way more expensive! I'm way more than pleased with this item( I even want to get one for myself). <end>  Stiff but nice  it has very little give in the arch. It cannot be bent like the picture, and would likely snap with that much pinch (or that forceful of a tug on your pendant). Otherwise, it looks nice. <end>  Perfect, exactly what I wanted!  This is perfect chain for pendants and such. Well made. Looks wonderful. The fact it has no nickel in it makes me very happy. Sometimes bothers her skin a little. This is the perfect with 1.5 mm. <end>  Would not purchase again!  This item shipped folded up in a little bag. It had lots of kinks in it. Would not purchase again! <end>  Beautiful chain  Perfect strong yet deceivingly delicate-looking chain. I purchased a pendant which came with a flimsy chain and swapped this one in. It sparkles brightly and can be used for light- to heavy- pendants of higher quality metal. FYI  The chain is wrapped in a way that keeps it from being as flexible as lighter chains. <end>  absolutely love it.  I bought this chain to wear with a silver cross. I was a little apprehensive since the price was so reasonable. What a great decision it was! It has a beautiful luster to it. I've been wearing it everyday for over a month or two and it still looks new. I'm ordering another shorter one soon. Great company to do business with. Don't be afraid to order from them. You actually get what see. Very fast shipping too! I will be checking out the earring selection after I order another necklace. Shop with confidence. <end>  Love My New Sparkly Chain  I'm very pleased with the quality of the chain. The diamond cuts really make the chain sparkle. For the price, It's a very nice chain. It came in a nice box and arrived very fast. <end>  Quality product.  I was looking for a replacement for my old cheap tarnished steel chain, and was having a difficult time finding a long enough chain in retail. Comparing length and price I would have ended up paying double for something shorter but similar.I was glad I found this chain. The price was amazing for the quality I received. I've had it for about a month now and am still extremely satisfied with it.The shipping was also very fast. It was a little longer than most reviews were suggesting, but I was also ordering into Canada. The shipment took a about a two weeks to arrive. <end>  silver rope  this is a very pretty rope chain. I like the brightness of it. it's small enough that the pendant I put on fit easily. I like the secure clasp. I will look at Gem Avenue products on Amazon in the future too. <end>  Real Nice Chain  When I received this chain I was really pleased. It has a nice feel on the neck and a good size clasp. I wanted something long to wear with my Widow's Mite.The chain shows off the coin beautifully. <end>  "Beautiful Necklace and Quick Secured Packaging"  "A++++I simply love the necklace, its sparkling and very eye catching, beautiful product. Quick service, safely secured packaging with silver gift box. Great doing business with you!! Thank you so much!! A++++" <end>  Good  Its a nice chain, a lot thicker than I thought... 1.5 mm didnt look that big on my ruler. Very shiny, almost white in some lights. It is almost too big for the pendant I had.Make sure you know what size you are looking for! <end>  Great value for money  Item was delivered quite promptly. I was happy with the value for the money. The chain is very nice looking and has held up well so far. <end>  20 inch Silver chain  This was exactly was I was looking for. I bought two, one for myself and one as a gift. The narrow end has allowed me to swap out most of my pendants. The silver is beautiful. Perfect with all my Turquoise!Thank you for your fast shipping too! <end>  Only $20 bucks?  This was a great piece of jewelry finely crafted. I cant believe the price was so low. It worked great for holding the charm I had bought. <end>  Very nice chain  I wanted a beautiful silver chain with a narrow end that I could slip through my pendant. Perfect. Nice length, color and thickness. <end>  Great chain, great price!  I am so glad that someone out there is making sterling silver chains both beautiful and AFFORDABLE. The quality of this chain is evident - there is nothing artificial about it. The chain and lobster clasp are strong. The luster is perfect. (I've seen chains from other retailers that actually looked "dipped" and artificial.) Note  Because it is a rope chain, it might appear chinked upon arrival. Try to gently smoothe it out with your fingers before having a fit!! If it remains a problem, I know first-hand that Gem Avenue will be quick to remedy the problem. Nice, simple gift boxes are provided. Friendly customer service. I know that I will use them again! <end>
 B000F2FQFC  14k Yellow and Rose Gold "Mom" Heart Charm ||	  so tiny, no mom would wear this around her neck  I love Amazon, but I have been disappointed with my jewelry purchases, as I have found the items to be much smaller than they appear in the ad. This "charm" was smaller than my fingernail. No one would even be a able to read what is says. I bought this to give to my mom, but I returned it. <end>  Real Tiny  I got this for my mom, the picture made it seem like it was much bigger. This thing is really tiny. Smaller than a dime. I'll still be giving it to her, but now I need to get something else with it. <end>  Really Pretty  I got this for my mom and she loved it and i will def buy from this seller again. It got their early, really early i was surprised.thanks <end>
 B000F2K3N2  Onyx Dragon's Fury Pendant with Solid Bezel, 14k Gold ||	  DRAGON LOVER  I WAS PLEASED THAT THE PENDANT WAS ALL AS IT WAS REPRESENTED ONLINE. I'M SURE MY GRANDAUGHTER WHO LOVES DRAGONS WILL BE VERY PLEASED WITH HER GRADUATION GIFT. THE PRICE WAS VERY REASONABLE AND THE QUALITY IS VERY NICE. <end>  Misleading Picture  I bought this item expecting it was white gold, as it appeared to be in the picture. However, it is yellow gold, which I do not wear. I will try to regift this. <end>
 B000F2M1BO  Rare 1997 Sailor Moon Musical Jewelry Box ||	  B-E-A-UTIFUL ITEM  I absolutely love the "Sailor Moon Musical Jewelry Box" I've had mine for nine years now and it still works. It's a wonderful collectors item and a joy to have in my home being as I am OBSESSED with Sailor Moon. ^^- <end>
 B000F2O4YQ  Genuine Sapphire Engagement Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My birthday is on Sept so I wanted to have an engagement ring that had my birthstone with two diamonds on each side. It took me a long time to find it, however this was the only one that I found with the set up that I wanted, and it was such a plus to have the 5 smaller diamonds on each side. It is a gorgeous ring! A lot of people notice it and it's difference of style as an engagement ring makes it that much more beautiful! The beauty of the sapphire and the brilliance of each diamond makes it that much more special. The stones are the perfect size and the settings are well put together. Very happy with it, couldn't have found a better ring for myself and made it easy for my husband to be to buy me a ring. Thank you FineJewelers! <end>
 B000F3JXEG  Onyx and Mother Of Pearl Square Inlaid Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Onyx Slide  The item was exactly as shown, the price was great, and it was shipped very quickly and a in a nice box. My wife loves it. <end>
 B000F3KVBK  14K Yellow Gold Distinct Flower Design Wedding Band ||	  the ring  I have been looking for a floral band ring for over 10 years. It exactly like I had hoped for. No jewelry store could find the ring I wanted. <end>
 B000F3KZ3E  Red Jade Smirky Lips Necklace with Embedded Diamond, 14k Gold ||	  the kiss  I wear this piece daily. It's fun and a lot of people have asked about it. Even my jeweler was immpressed by this piece. (I had him shorten the chain so I could wear it as a choker). <end>
 B000F3O8ZU  14k Yellow Gold Spiga Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Lovely!  This was just what I was looking for - a chain for my gold crucifix. Not too pricey and yet it looks substantial (my last chain was very fine and broke) and the gold is a good color. It glitters a little - very pretty - but it doesn't overshadow my crucifix. I like it! <end>  GIFT CHAIN  This was a gift for my daughter. She has a very high quality zodiac pendant in 18k gold. The chain was perfect. I had a very similar design to the rim of the pendant, so it looked like it was made for it. <end>
 B000F3O90Y  14k White Gold 3-Strand Link Chain Bracelet, 7.75 ||	  Disappointed.  While appearing substantial in the online photo, this bracelet, in real life, is a major disappointment. It has the look, feel and weight of plastic and I would be embarrassed to wear it.I have purchased several pieces from the *Amazon Collection* and by-and-large they have all been very satisfactory to me...until now.Amazon truly dropped the ball with this item and needs to eliminate it from their line. <end>
 B000F3Q2WC  14k Yellow Gold Cross Charm ||	  Gold Cross  Just what I wanted. Very pretty and shiny. Perfect for my son's Communion. <end>
 B000F3Q2X6  14k Yellow Gold Yellow Enamel Purse Charm ||	  Lilliputian charm with poor workmanship  I order from Amazon frequently, and am consistently happy with the products and service. However, I was very disappointed in this item--perhaps my own fault for failing to notice that no dimensions were given in the item description. I wrongly assumed that the charm would be approximately the size of my thumbnail, and was surprised when it arrived and I could barely find it in the tiny blue velvet bag that contained it. It is miniscule--1 cm long x 1/2 cm wide! The enamel is applied unevenly, and though the charm is tiny, it is evident that the enamel is thicker in some places, and contains air bubbles in others. It might be cute on a charm bracelet with a purse or shopping theme, but would not work as a pendant, as I had intended. I'm sending it back for a refund. <end>
 B000F3Q30S  14k Yellow Gold Oval Link Chain Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  WOW  This very lovely and dainty bracelet came in a shoebox sized box---certainly well protected. Anyway very prompt delivery and I can't wait to wear this. Thankyou. <end>
 B000F3S7TS  14k Yellow Gold Leaves Necklace, 17" ||	  Looked nice but...  Looks pretty in the picture and when received, but it is stiff and was not possible to position it so it didn't look twisted when being worn. Maybe I received something defective? I returned it. <end>
 B000F3S7W0  14k Yellow Gold Popcorn Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  This chain is perfect  I have this chain ..it is perfect for a pendant. Just the right thickness. A real good price. Excellent chain well worth the money. Actually much better priced than the local jewelry stores.I would buy this chain again. <end>  14K gold popcorn chain  I ordered an 18" chain and it measures 17". I do feel that is deceptive.Otherwise the chain is lovely. Just order a longer length. Also, does not weigh nearly what they claim! <end>
 B000F3V9XE  14k Yellow Gold Heart w/ Rose Gold Flower Pendant ||	  Just charmed....  by this beautiful piece of jewelry! I bought it for my daughter's 16th birthday. I was so pleased when I opened it because I have been disappointed with other jewelry in the past. This rose charm is really just lovely. <end>
 B000F44HJ6  Blue Lapis Lazuli Earrings, 'Exotic Butterfly' 1.2" W 1.2" L ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These are beautiful earrings. I bought many of these Novica Collection Butterfly Earrings in different colors and they are all very well hand crafted and gorgeous. <end>
 B000F49V6U  14k Yellow Gold Oval Guadalupe Medal ||	  Upgrade to something better...  Before you buy this take its size into account, it is 3/4 in. long, which is kind of small for my liking. I also thought its color was too dull. It's not very attractive. However, I did only spend $50. If you searching for a decent Virgin Mary medal, they are usually more than $100. Overall, it is better to view jewelry before you order it. <end>
 B000F4NMIS  Jumbo Rusty Chain (Gray) ||	  Misleading Information - Beware to Seller and Buyers  The tag attached to this "Jumbo Rusty Chain" says it is "OVER 6 feet long" but when I received them in the mail, they are not over six feet at all.... they aren't even close. I would say they are close to FOUR feet, if that. So beware if you are looking for a longer chain. If I were Buycostume (the Seller).... I would contact their Chinese suppliers and have them either lengthen the chain when they make them or change the tag attached to read correctly. Thanks. <end>
 B000F4SKC6  New York Yankees Dog Tag ||	  Love this tag  This tag is just as it looks and heavy metal - not lightweight aluminum. Bright colors. Really like this tag. <end>
 B000F52TJA  Spring Stainless Steel Neckwire with Secure Bayonet Clasp ||	  Stainless Steel Necklace  Very small, and dull looking with finish. The clasp was hard to open and close and necklace seems very easy to break. Not worth the money, better off getting a sterling silver chain. <end>
 B000F59LVY  Sterling Silver and Braided Black Faux Leather Bracelet - 8" ||	  beautiful, but broken  This bracelet is actually really nice, but too bad it is so cheaply made that mine broke in about 2 weeks. It's easily fixed all I need is to get new end-clasps and attach them to the leather braid, but I was hoping for a better made product. <end>  Nice  Wear it all the time and have had no problems with it. I don't swim or shower with it on though. I think that is why it has lasted so long. <end>  this item is crap  I purchased the Sterling Silver and Braided Black Faux Leather Bracelet - 8" It came undone constantly with normal wear, and in less than a month the cheap fastener broke and I could not wear it anymore. End of story. Don't waste your money. <end>  Nice But Large  Apparently I had no Idea what size my wrist is Because I ordered this & it's very big. Cute though but i can't wear it. <end>  Very Nice  I just like it alot and have not taking it off sent I got it. <end>  Braided Leather bracelt wSS clasp  I love this item so much that I went back and ordered a second just in case this one brakes or I loose. it. So light and comfortable. I were by my watch and at times can event tell that I have it on. <end>
 B000F5BJAA  Wispy Wind Long Flowing Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Light as a feather.  This is my first experience with threader earrings and I love the airy feel of this pair. Actually the thin chain will allow the addition of a matching stud earring with no discomfort. Great choice of style. <end>
 B000F5IAHK  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Link Chain  Once again the product received was better that expected. This merchant is great and this is my third purchase from them. I highly recomend this merchant to anyone. <end>  He looks stunning in it!  Ok! So here goes my first review and on jewelry. This was a gift along with the matching necklace for my boyfriend who tried on the same product at a farmer's market recently... this is stunning. I had to return it only because I miscalculated his wrist size. 9 is average I believe, nevertheless it was a nice weight without looking pimpish but enough 'pop' to notice a nice piece. LOVE it on him my only regret is why I never treat myself to such nice pieces. HA. Thanks, I will be back. <end>  Highly recommended  The chain was exactly what I was looking for. Excellent quality. I would shop from this seller again. <end>  Great buy  I bought this bracelet as a gift for my son, he really loved it. <end>
 B000F5XR50  Bioplast Clear Acrylic Ball Glitter Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  I wanted...  Something safer on my teeth than steel, but wanted the look of steel in my mouth.. So the picture of this barbell is VERY inaccurate. I was expecting very condensed glitter for a completely silver look.. The silver is very much spaced out and awkward looking.. Clear beads with very little glitter..The only reason I gave 2 stars was because the acrylic flexible nature IS comfortable. <end>
 B000F5XRZU  Bioplast Red Glitter Eyebrow Ring ||	  Looks and feels great!  I love this eyebrow ring! It's a very pretty shade of bright red, and the glitter adds to the charm of it. It doesn't appear quite as "glittery" as it does here, and the glitter isn't something you can see all that well from farther away, but it still looks nice; you get just a hint of sparkle when you see it in the light. I actually think it would look better this way than to just have a giant glittery thing sitting just above your eye all the time.I also love the bioplast; I just recently started wearing bioplast body jewelry, and I can already say that I love it and prefer it over the steel. It's much more comfortable and soft, and the flexibility it gives is really great when trying to insert jewelry, too. It's incredibly lightweight and you don't even feel like you have jewelry in when you're wearing it. I've also had less infections and irritations in piercings that I use bioplast in. It's something I would definitely recommend to anyone shopping for new body jewelry!The shipping was great, too. I placed my order late at night on the 15th with standard shipping, and received my package in the mail on the 19th. Everything came as described and in great condition. Definitely all worth the price!My only complaint (and it really isn't much of one) is that the bar is a little on the small side. When I inserted the bar, I only had a tiny section of it left on the other side to screw the ball back on to. It was enough, mind you, but it took a minute to get enough out to do it. There also isn't any extra bar that sticks out when it's inserted, although, to be honest, that's okay anyway, since then all you see are the balls on either end and no obnoxious extra length of bar sticking out. So yes, it's a little bit harder to screw the other ball in because of the length, but it ends up looking nicer when it's in. Overall, great product and great shipping, and well worth the money! Would definitely recommend this and the seller to anyone looking for new body jewelry! <end>
 B000F60XHE  Bioplast Raspberry Rainbow Stripe Belly Ring ||	  so cute!!!  i recieved this ring yesterday, and it is even cuter than it is on screen! the color realy pops out at you. so far, this is my favorite ring in my collection <end>
 B000F60XKQ  Bioplast Black MARBLE Belly Ring ||	  apperance not what is shown  this is a great product, but don't expect it to look exactly like it does on the screen, due to the plastic manufacturing process, each one is different, mine arrived yesterday, and looks more black with a large dot of white instead of marbled like it appears on screen. <end>
 B000F60XO2  Bioplast Pink Glow In The Dark Belly Ring ||	  A+  This was just what I wanted. It did lose it's color when I went swimming. I will be back for more! Very comfortable! <end>  Love my new ring  For the past 2 years I've had the metal like belly button rings. I was interested in this one because 1) it was pink 2) it DOES glow in the dark, slightly 3) GREAT price 4) it was made of a different material. The metal ones would hurt if I did an exercise the wrong way and over time look dingy (if that's possible). This bioplast is very comfortable and stylish. I will probably stock up and buy some more. <end>  In LOVE with the bioplast  I bought this same one at a store in the mall, except it had a "diamond" gem in the bottom ball. Instantly when I put it in my piercing, I could not feel it was there. The problem I had with the metal barbells was that when I would bend over, it would stretch my piercing. The bioplast ones, however; flex themselves to conform to your body. Plus, I can't even feel that it's there! I would definitely recommend this one. <end>
 B000F62S7M  Bioplast Blue Pink Marracas Belly Ring ||	  R0xie  For the price it's awesome. I just don't really like how the color goes with my skin, but it's pretty cute. <end>  Bioplast is my new favorite in body piercings  This ring is so adorable! I am wearing it right now, and it feels very comfortable, and since it is bioplast, it is flexible. Please note  the bar is more of a dark blue, and in the picture it is a light purple color. Other than that, love it! <end>
 B000F62SAO  BIOPLAST Magenta Magic Belly Ring ||	  Very Pretty  I'm a fan of bioplast since the first time I wore one of these! They feel great, and the variety of colors is amazing! I love the combination of simple shape, convenience (no pain, no sticking to clothes, no weird marks on your skin when you wake up in the morning), and pretty colors! You can mix and match with your outfit and it always looks good! Love love love them! <end>
 B000F6DOL6  Southwestern Style Chevron Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay and Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 7, #1775 ||	  Soooo Happy!!!  These rings are beautiful. Excellent quality. I was absolutely thrilled when I received them. They were packaged securely and delivered sooner than expected. All in all, a wonderful experience! My parents love, love, love their 50th anniversary gifts!! Thank you. <end>
 B000F6PIGA  I Heart my Nona Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  That wasn't a charm  I sent this back. What arrived looked like the picture, but turn it and there is no hole to thread the chain through. What was that? <end>  Excellent product and excellent vendor  This vendor was excellent to deal with. The charm was exactly as described and arrived fast. They also provided me with a coupon for a discount on future purchases. I highly recommend this vendor. Mirella <end>
 B000F6XMUO  Sterling Silver Emerald,Heart,Round,Marquee Clear Cubic Zirconia 3mm Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10 ||	  Beyond Expectation  I was looking for rings that would come at a cheap price. In the beginning I was skeptical about buying something so cheap. But, these are beautiful!! I love them. It's so much more prettier than the picture. It also comes in four different little gift boxes. Girls, these are worth your money!1 <end>  Great steal  I was a little unsure that these would be quality looking for the price but they really are nice and they really could pass for the real thing so I just might keep one on hand when I go somewhere and dont want to be hit on. They come in very cute little gift boxes with bows and really are a good product- they dont look cheap or feel it. Recommend to anyone who likes sparkle or just wants to have a handy man zapper. <end>  Bubblegum machine quality  One look was enough ... sent back immediately. Packaging was nice though but quality was definitely sub par especially how light weight they were ... settings were cheap too. <end>
 B000F791E4  Sterling Silver And Garnet Flower Earrings by Zina ||	  Garnets are dark  These are nice earrings, but the garnet stones were a bit muddy and did not have any sparkle to them. The silver is beautiful though - shiny and rich looking. <end>
 B000F7B3H2  Sterling Silver Hana Design Pin by Zina ||	  Shiny and cheap looking  I returned this item the minute I saw it as it has a rhodium finish and looks like it cost only a couple of dollars. The pattern is pretty but it felt light-weight and looked so cheap that I did not feel it was worth anything like the money it cost. <end>  Lovely  I purchased this pin at 70% off, and at that price, it was a bargain. (Generally speaking, I think that jewelry by Zina is completely overpriced!) This is a great piece of jewelry, the silver is quite substantial, very shiny and smooth. It has a good weight to it and the design is just lovely. I bought it as a birthday gift for my stepmother, and when it arrived, I almost kept it for myself, I liked it so much! My husband felt the same way. My stepmother hasn't received it yet, but I am sure she will love it, too! <end>
 B000F7DJJM  Sterling Silver And Amethyst Flower Earrings By Zina ||	  Beautiful earrings!  I bought these earrings as a birthday present. They are very pretty. I am pleased with the quality and the price. <end>  Very pretty earrings!  I bought these earrings for my niece, and after they arrived, I immediately ordered another pair for myself. I find them actually nicer in reality than in the picture. The size is perfect, and the amethysts, although very small, add just a little color accent. I bought them on sale for $15 instead of the usual $50, and I am very, very pleased with what I got for the price! <end>  pretty  These earrings were for a customer who asked me to find a pair of flower posts with amethyst in them. They were exactly what she wanted, which made me look good! <end>  Not bad  For 15 dallors, it's a pair of beautiful earrings, although not looks exactly the same as the picture. <end>  Great for a Gift!  It's hard to tell the size of these earrings from the pictures; however, they were about 2x the size that I expected. I couldn't have found a better gift than these! <end>
 B000F7DJLA  Sterling Silver And Blue Topaz Flower Pendant, 17" by Zina ||	  Great Jewelry  This is a beautiful piece of jewelry.The chain is sturdy and heavy and complements the pendant very well.the pendant itself is very nice as well, with detail and the inset stone.all in all, for a silver piece of jewelry it is a great buy <end>
 B000F7FDGE  3-Stone Rainbow Moonstone Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  beautiful  Lovely drop earrings, my daughter loved them. turns out they are her modern birthstone -- who knew? <end>  Absolutely gorgeous earrings...  I love these earrings! They go with almost anything and they came with another pair I bought from Silver Insanity, very promptly after I placed the order, I think two days less than originally estimated. These are the perfect size, not too big, not too small, and the dangling style is perfect for longer faces. <end>  &lt;3 moonstone  if you like moonstone and dangle earings then these are the earrings for you! and the rainbow really shimmers in the light. &lt;3 it! <end>  Cute Earrings  My daughter loved these earrings. They are long but not too long. My daughter is 16yrs old and she wears them all the time. <end>  great buy  these earrings are great!!! My tastes tend to run a bit on the gothic side, but I have to dress up for work every day and these a perfect. They are beautiful and well made. They are delicate, but they a long enough to make a statement. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Great Present  I got these for my best friend's birthday. They were very pretty and she really liked them! <end>  My eyes popped when I opened the package and saw this earring  Beautiful pair of earrings!The photo did not do this piece of jewellery justice. The moonstones flash a beautiful rainbow colour from time to time. My eyes just popped when I opened the package and saw this pair of earrings. The other pair of rose quartz earrings and the chalcedony pendant I bought from here are wonderful as well!I'll definitely order more from Silver Insanity in the future! <end>  I bought them for a friend who loved them  Great price, good look, good product. I'd definitely recommend these to anyone who wants a nice pretty look at a good price. <end>  3 stone moonstone earrings  my wife saw these and wanted them. i ordered them they arrived quickly, the product was as shown and described in the posting. the price was great and above all my wife loves them, she even wears them to walk around the house. thanks, it was great doing business <end>  Love It  I just received my earrings and they too are beautiful. I agree with the other review on the fact that they are very feminine and they are a perfect gift for anyone who is looking for something soft or some one who loves moonstones <end>  3-Stone Drop Earrings  The Rainbow Moonstone Earrings with 3 stones are lovely, delicate and feminine-looking. I would definitely buy these for my friends who like moonstones. <end>
 B000F7FNNW  Zina Sterling Silver Lined Cuff Links ||	  Nice Links for Little Buck  Paid a great price for substantial weight sterling silver cufflinks. You can't go wrong with these. <end>  My dad likes them  Desperate for a birthday gift for my father, I happened on these. He wears cufflinks fairly often and assures me that he likes them a lot. I'm just glad I didn't miss his birthday! <end>
 B000F7G1ZG  Sterling Silver Lavender Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Shiny, pretty earrings! They look just like the picture...  These purple and clear earrings are very pretty, are of excellent quality, and they look just like the photo shown. The price is great, too! <end>
 B000F7QP5C  Blue Hamsa Necklace to Protect from the Evil Eye from the Artazia Collection #2412B JN MN ||	  Very Cool & Unusual, Got Lots Of Compliments  I've never gotten so many comments and compliments on a piece of jewelry as this. It's very interesting, I really liked it.Get it for the pendant, not the chain... As you can see from the product photo, the chain is very basic, you're paying for the pendant.After several months of wearing it 24 hours a day, it started to break apart, some of the components came loose. I was wearing it in the shower (never taking it off), bad idea - It'll last longer if you take it off in the shower/bath/pool.I'm buying another one which is why I'm back on this page, highly recommended. <end>  Pretty.  Like this pendant. You'll be wanting to get a different chain. The colors are very bright and vibrant. Maybe I just expect tp much. <end>  Blue Hamsa Necklace  The necklace arrived exactly as it was shown and described. Attractive, colorful yet it generated feelings of coldness rather than warmth for me. In fact, my body rejected the energy which the necklace emitted.I contacted the seller, explained the situation, and had absolutely no problem in returning the item. The seller was polite, cooperative and honest. <end>
 B000F7T1KS  Gold Peridot CRYSTAL HOOP Dangle Earrings ||	  Pretty earrings but they are heavy  and they set off the metal detectors at the airports. <end>
 B000F7T1M6  Silver Black Dusk Crystal Glitzy Chandelier Earrings ||	  Really Beautiful Earrings but very Heavy  I really liked these earrings but they are so heavy I can't wear them.I think the metal chosen was of a less than perfect metal...meaning extra cheap.Don't buy these earrings unless you like the idea of your ear being ripped open at any given moment. <end>
 B000F7T4NC  Godinger Baroque Jewelry Box ||	  Very nice jewel box  I purchased this as a gift and had it engraved. It is a beautiful piece. Very happy with the quality & price. <end>  Just as expected  Exactly what I was looking for. Quick turnaround...received item within a couple of days. <end>  Not what I expected  I have a Godinger Oblong Baroque Jewelry Box that my mother gave to me 12 years ago and I bought this expecting the same quality. Well, it's pretty and roomy, but light as a feather...VERY dissappointing. My Oblong box (half the size of this one!) weighs 2.8 pounds and this one weighs 2.4 pounds! I was going to buy more of the oblong boxes for my daughters (I have 4 and they all want the box Grandma gave me), but now I'm afraid that it will be just as cheaply made. Do not buy if you want something nice and of quality that you can pass on to your kids. Buy only if you want a cheapy. <end>
 B000F8LUVA  Gold Label 2 1/2-Inch Mini Mini Illuminated Music Boxes -- Christmas Train ||	  Gold miniature Train music box  These boxes are absolutely darling. I gave one as a gift and kept one for myself. <end>  Very Cute!  I was not disappointed with the Christmas train music box. It is very charming! The detail inside is nicely done. the scene is very cute. The moving train, and lit up train station, accompanied by the music, are a delightful combination. I've purchased a number of these music boxes, in a variety of different styles, for gifts. I'm sure they'll be a hit with everyone. I'm also keeping one for myself or my daughter. They're great for any age! <end>  This is cute!  I was going to get the train but I changed my mind and got the sled.These music boxes are cute and they do move. I like mine. Make great gifts for anyone your list! <end>  Miniature Music Boxes  I bought several of these miniature music boxes, playing different Christmas tunes, and gave them as stocking stuffers and small host gifts this year. They were a hit with everyone who received them. I recommend them for anyone who wants to give someone a small, but special, gift. <end>  disappointed  The quality of the minature box was a disappointment. I did not hear the music , as this was to be a gift. <end>
 B000F933T6  Rocking Horse, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  Absolutely Beautiful!  My husband ordered the white gold rocking horse for me as a gift. It is absolutely beautiful. It has more diamonds and sparkles more than I expected. It is a great addition to my charm bracelet. I also have the pacifier which I really like...but the rocking horse is really gorgeous.One note...it is a good idea to have the ring between the charm and the lobster claw soddered together. If pulled, the ring can open up and you could loose your charm. Not a big deal...only a few bucks at your jeweler. <end>
 B000F97A0O  Cat, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  beautiful  My husband ordered this charm for me and while the confirmation email said the estimated delivery date would be in nearly 6 weeks, I received it less than 10 days later. The charm is beautifully crafted and the diamonds have a nice sparkle to them. I am very satisfied with this purchase and will buy from this merchant again. <end>
 B000F97APE  Southwestern Style Bear and Bear Paw Design Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, Size 8, #11115 ||	  It is a pretty ring and worth more than it sold for.  This ring arrived really quickly. It is a beautiful ring and could have easily sold for more. My husband really liked it. It was a little loose but not too bad. For the money, a high quality ring. <end>  Great value. Out standing customer service.  This ring is beautiful and well made, it is worth the price and more. I bought two rings from Taos Trading Rings and they are both really well made at a very fair price. What is better is the customer service was outstanding. In the 10 years I have used Amazon I can remember writing one other review. But my experience was so good with this company that I really wanted to spread the word and encourage you to buy from them! I am leaving this same review for the other ring I bought too. <end>  Bear Ring  this ring is beautiful and just what I was looking for. My son's highschool mascot is a bear and this ring is perfect for him. <end>
 B000F99DYU  Cruise Ship, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  Sooo Beautiful!  I love this pendant! It is top quality! The detail is perfect on both sides and the diamonds are also on both sides of the pendant! I highly recommend this produt to anyone who loves cruise ships! <end>
 B000F99E6W  Cross, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  VERY Slow Refund!  This product was extremely average in quality. Returned for a refund, and then the Seller took 2 weeks to issue me a refund. Too slow! <end>
 B000FA0B40  14K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond with Alternating 3/8 ct. Sapphire Earring Jackets ||	  Very pretty but....  This item is very pretty just like in the picture but in the description it says it fits 1ct diamond earrings and it doesn't. I had to return this item because it didn't fit my 1ct diamond earrings. Great item but wrong description. The Amazon customer service representative was very nice on the phone and I received free return shipping. It has been a week and I am waiting for my credit card to be refunded. <end>  Perfect  These jackets were perfect to go with a pendant I already had. The sapphires are visibly blue (not black looking) and the diamonds are twinkly and sparkly. The only problem is that I can now tell that I need to have my diamonds studs cleaned! <end>
 B000FA2F1C  14K White Gold 1 3/8 ct. Sapphire Earring Jackets ||	  Pretty, & Bigger than Expected  I ended up returning these earrings, because they are intended for 1 carat total weight earrings, and mine are only 1/2 carat. Not sure if I missed this in the description, or if it wasn't there. The company handled my return very professionally. <end>
 B000FA3F0M  I Heart you Grammy Laser Italian Charm ||	  Pleased  My daughter calls her grandma Grammy so happy to have found this and it was cheap! The pic doesn't do it justice a lot nicer then I though and the shipping was fast very happy <end>
 B000FA98SA  deluxe wooden treasure box - cherry ||	  Nice  I ordered 2 of these boxes for my kids for Christmas. They were a little smaller than I expected but they are nice wood boxes. My kids like to have a secret box in their room to put their stuff in. I would recommend this product. <end>  Treasure box  I bought this treasure box for my friend who has a number of small jewellery items and had been talking of somewhere to store them. I found this box on Amazon that was reasonably priced and looked as though it would the job very well. It was delivered in good time and my friend is delighted with it. <end>
 B000FAHGCK  Sterling Silver and Genuine White Topaz Solitaire Pendant Necklace and Ring(Sizes 6,8,9) ||	  Sterling Silver White Topaz Necklace and Ring Set  The White Topaz jewelry is beautiful, better than the picture.It would make a great gift or as a treat for yourself.I have been looking around for a white topaz ring for quite some timeand have found a few but, with much smaller stones and ata far higher price. I have ordered quite a few thingsfrom Silver Insanity and have not been disappointed with anything that I have ordered. <end>  supposed to be gift  i bought this set for my april-born bestfriend but when i opened the package, i really loved the design of the jewelry! now i'm getting confused if i'm still going to give it as a gift or do i keep it for myself? maybe i'll just buy another set! =) <end>
 B000FAJK6K  Jezlaine Boxed Sterling Silver Abalone Shell Crescent Moon Charm Pendant ||	  Not the best buy.  This charm looks pretty straight from the box, but that's about it. The day after I got it, the clasp broke and the "abalone shell" had a deep scratch in it, just from doing laundry. I would not recommend that anyone else buy this. <end>  Crescent moon pendant  I love this little necklace. It is silver and was very inexpensive. It arrived literally in one day. That was great! <end>  good size for charm brasalet  The only fault I found with this crescent moon pendant is that the clasp twist around, hence it can get lost easily if you are not unguard and know about this defect. I took it to the Jewelers and they told me that cannot be weld. He sugest that I should keep in mind that it gets open, therefore close it again.The other thing is the price. After I bought mine the price went up around $3.00 more. <end>
 B000FBKQHG  Ya Ya Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  Cute  Very cute, shipped very quickly. Exactly how it was pictured. Little did I know, I would be allergic to the charm. Oh well, it looks cute in my jewelry box <end>  great buy  I had a hard time finding this charm. I am pleased with the item. It is exactly as described. <end>
 B000FBNCG8  Clear or White Crystal Lucite Chandelier Hoops Earrings ||	  Very Pretty  I bought these for something a little funky for weekends and elegant for evenings out. They are perfect for both. After a month, they aren't tarnishing and look exactly the same. Well worth the price. <end>
 B000FBNIZI  2.00 Carat Canary Yellow And 2.00 Ct. T.W. White Cz Ring. Size 8 ||	  Pretty ring - fun to wear!  Received this for mother's day...nothing easier for hubby than circling the items I like in the Ross Simons catalog. This ring is very pretty on, just like the picture. Fits well, and tons of sparkle. There is a great deal of wow factor for this ring, I've had lots of comments on it. I like it overall very well, at least until the lotto comes in and I can afford the real deal! <end>
 B000FBPWN4  Music Clef, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  Jewlery  Very pleased with the jewlery I received. It arrived very fast. Will do business in the future.Thanks, <end>
 B000FCP7BK  Blue Chalcedony Drop ||	  Beautiful  I bought this as a gift and loved the quality....just wished I had gotten a longer chain. <end>
 B000FD9GGG  Loving Family&reg Small Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace with Extender Featuring a Loving Mother and Her Child ||	  Pretty But the Silver Peels Off  Cute at first but the silver started to peel off of mine and the maker does not respond to questions at the web site. <end>  Great for New Moms!!!  I give these necklaces to my family & close girlfriends when they have their first children. Over the years, I have bought the Loving Family (Father, Mother & 2 children) for a few of them. I cannot tell you how much everyone has loved this gift... it's a very setimental gift that comes straight from the heart! You really can't go wrong with this!!! <end>
 B000FDB2L8  14Kt Dazzling Yellow Gold Wedding Ring Set, Semi-Mount (Center stone is not included) ||	  Outstanding!  I recieved my new wedding set today,that my husband ordered, and could'nt beleive how beautiful it was!!In the picture it looks nice,"BUT",even more beautiful when you open the box!!!!. It feel's great on the finger, and talk about sturdy!I have a 1.25 carat diamond and the jeweler said he could get it to fit.If that gives you any idea of the width. A 1 carat would work as well.My jeweler said he has seen this ring in book's to order, but not first hand. He loved it as well , he didn't care for the idea, that I got it online, and thought he could get me a better price. BUT GUESS WHAT?! He could'nt even come close !! Enjoy!! <end>
 B000FDD7AW  Princess Italian Charm ||	  Wonderful  Everything the picture said it would be. It came quickly and was exactly what I thought it would be. Thanks! <end>
 B000FDKJ7G  Princess Italian Charm ||	  Cute!  I love this cute little charm, and bought a few different designs from the same seller, Clearly Charming -) <end>
 B000FDLYTI  Number 1 Mom Laser Italian Charm ||	  Scratches easily but they're not too visible  I used a pair of tweezers to try to get these on  bad idea! Scratched it but it's not too noticeable! Will be buying more <end>
 B000FECDJW  Forzieri Crystals Princess-cut Swarovski Crystal and Sterling Silver Tennis Bracelet ||	  Unacceptable bracelet  I bought this bracelet for my girlfriend and I was not very impressed with the quality. The bracelet itself looks cheap and the clasp is extremely fragile, in fact the first night she wore the bracelet out the clasp broke on one side. I definitely would not recommend this bracelet. <end>  great purchase  got this for my wife's bday.. arrived w/ nice packaging & beautiful gift box. my wife loves it! thanks forziere )and amazon.com cool site to shop. <end>
 B000FEGBC2  Sterling Silver Inlaid Blue Opal Heart Hook Earrings ||	  Pretty Earrings But Opa Could Be Better.  These were purchased as a gift for my wife. They are pretty and she gets many complements on them. One of the four sections of opal isn't as sparkly as the other three. If it wasn't for that I'd rate them 5 stars. That's a drawback of ordering anything with stones online as one needs to see them in person to know what they're actually getting. They're cheap earrings so it's no big deal. We both still like them! <end>  Love these earrings!  These earrings are everything I wanted and a very good quality. I will diffenitly order from this site again. <end>  not what I expected  I was disappointed in these - I had expected something more elegant. They are heavy and look dated. <end>  another great find from Silver Insanity  These earrings are sooo pretty and very bold, the price is just amazing, I will be wearing them a lot during the holidays, they look very expensive, thank you Silver Insanity. <end>
 B000FEOA1Q  Green Jade Round Leaf Dangle Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Nice Dainty Jade Leaf Earrings  I bought these for a girlfriend for her birthday, and they were/are nice quality. The gift box was a little different-looking, and very pretty for a gift presentation. They are a good size, but not too large, and the green jade color was excellent. They were so green, in fact, that I thought they might be treated or dyed in some way. I especially like that they are a simple, non-traditional jade piece, not asian-looking, with dragons or symbols. My friend likes them a lot too, and thinks I have good taste! <end>
 B000FF3VAQ  Bulldog Laser Italian Charm ||	  Awesome  Received this for my niece for a Christmas gift and it was perfect. She loved it and I had it in enought time for the holidays. <end>
 B000FFBXJ2  Animal Lover Laser Italian Charm ||	  A must need charm for a animal lover  I got this for my wife because she is a real animal lover. <end>
 B000FFLZ5O  Happy Anniversary Laser Italian Charm ||	  Brena  Still have not received Happy Anniversity Charm after 30 days, and guess what? Today is our Anniversity. Will not do buisness with this company again. <end>
 B000FFM7B0  Sterling Silver 2 mm Thin High Dome Wedding Band Toe Ring Thumb Ring ||	  as pictured  not crazy about the lack of luster, but what can you say? it's great for stacking, straight forward, cool for a wedding band if that's what you want it for. might definitely want to dip it in something to make the shine return because it will go away. for sure. <end>  ok  The ring is very thin but still pretty and nice for the price. If ur looking for a white gold band this would be a great substitute until you can get one.. <end>  Size 4.5 toe ring  This ring is very neat. Small and just what I wanted. I wear it as a pinky ring and just perfect for wearing other rings along the ring finger. It does not take away the looks of others. <end>  good buy, nice ring  I bought this to wear as a thumb ring. I bought size 9 1/2 (which is what the ring sizer at the jeweler said) but it is a bit snug so I would also recommend buying a size larger. For the price you just can't beat this deal. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a simple band. <end>  shiny  This is a nice ring for the money. It looks real, very thin just what i wanted. Was shipped quickly will order again like their products. <end>  simple,thin...perfect!  bought this simple band hoping it was just going to be that.hoping the workmanship wasnt cheap and hoping it would be just what I had been looking for...YAY!! IT IS!I have priced same ring in local stores...ridiculous prices. Im so glad I remembered amazon. This seller really came through for me. I WILL buy again. Thanks so much for being exactly what you described. <end>  Great Value  Def. a great bang for the buck, i picked up a few of these because they are suprisingly hard to find in a size 4. but the quality was great along with size and shape <end>  Will be used for Hospital Bereavement care  I just recieved my shipment of 15 of these sweet little rings. We plan to use them in the maternity area of a hospital for still births...we will take photos of the babies hands with the rings then give them to the mothers as a keepsake. We often photograph babies hands with mothers wedding rings, but some womens hands swell during pregnancy and they dont wear their rings to the hospital. The low cost of the rings allows us to absorb the cost with a small donation from a recently bereaved family who shared our vision on this project. <end>  great product  I have posted before, but this ring is used in providing bereavement care services at our hospital. We take photos of babies who have died/are dying with the rings in their hands and then give the ring to their parents...thank you for keeping the process affordable. <end>  Very Unhappy customer!  I ordered a ring that stated "Toe Ring" in the description. The ring came very quickly but was not a toe ring. I don't know anyone with a size 8 toe. If you know anyone please direct them to this seller! Is it a wedding band, toe ring or thumb ring? Pick one! <end>  Sterling Sliver wedding band  I was looking for a reasonably priced replacement wedding band (since I misplaced my old one) and this was the only one I could find in size 3.5. I've been wearing it for almost a month now and it's a little scratched but hasn't changed shape. The thickness is perfect for smaller hands. I should've bought two, in case I misplace this one  ) <end>  Hooray for toe rings!  I have been wearing the same toe rings for 20 years (man, I feel old!) and they're starting to split at the seams. I have been searching everywhere for thin silver bands to replace them, to no avail. These suddenly came up on Amazon and I scooped 'em up quick! Each came individually wrapped in a plastic baggie and was shiny and new. They're excellent quality and EXACTLY what I've been searching for! <end>  Nice ring for the price  This is a very nice ring for the money. It does bend and get dents easily thou. Has a very nice polish and comfortable. I got this ring to wear after I had a baby to replace my wedding ring set. I ordered a half size bigger and the ring fits great. I think for the money, its wonderful for a great stand in ring or starter band. <end>  Very nice ring  I was looking for a simple band i could wear to add a feminin touch to my marine corps uniform. it looks awesome, its not showy, or deperate, its simple and delicate.. its not the best material i guess but its fine for what im doing, i recommend it for anyone, im not married and i bought it, i was hesitant at first cause it says " wedding band" in reality its just a simplistic band that is nice. i love and reccomend it to anyone. also i bought my regular ring size and it fits perfect! <end>  Ring  I am happy with this product. I was looking for a cheap ring to test my ring finger size. This ring did the trick. I would buy this product again. <end>  not worth it  item is very cheap. i have never seen a sterling silver ring that turned dull in a couple of days. <end>  VERY fragile!  Ring was delivered in fairly quick time frame around Xmas & my wife really enjoyed it, right up until the time it broke in half while she was wearing it.. Maybe 2mm is a LITTLE too thin since it broke only a couple weeks after I got it.. Yikes... <end>  love it  i just got my ring today and i love it! it's just what i want and i like that you can engrave it too, which iwant to do is to put my kid's in the inside and make it diffrent mothers ring, i showed to my mom and she want's one too... i'll probaby order another soon, you can't go wrong with this ring ... and the price point is great. <end>  plain silver ring  another great amazon buy! this ring is finished with rhodium, and it looks just like a platinum ring. the price is great. i saw a bunch of reviews saying to get a size bigger in the ring, but i got my size and the ring fits perfectly. maybe just get a half size bigger. i buy form this website almost every week and have not been disappointed with a purchase yet- i love amazon  ) <end>  Rings  Beautiful silver ring, but the size was a little off. The ring was about a half size too small. <end>  Not so great.  I was not at all happy with this ring! Right when I opened it.. it was already tarnished looking. I would have sent it back, but, it was $5.00 for shipping. So, it wasn't worth it! <end>  Size VERY small  The silver was very shiny, beautiful little ring. I was however, very disappointed in the size. This ring was at least a full size smaller than the 7 1/2 ordered. As with another piece of jewelry I ordered, it was priced low enough that it wasn't worth bothering with sending back, but I am leery of ordering another ring due to sizing issues. <end>  correction  I oredered a 8.5 and it is more like a 8 so if you order order a .5 size larger than you ring size. <end>  Sterling Silver Ring  Wonderful product! I got a size 5 which is the perfect size for a toe ring(your size may vary) true to description and fast shipping. No complaints! <end>  Wasn't what I planned on using it for but still great!  I initially asked for this in a size 2 thinking it would be a PERFECT toe ring, however it was a bit too small. So instead I am using it as a half pinky ring which looks so adorable I am even more pleased that it didn't fit as a toe ring. I LOVE this. The best part? If anything happens to it I can repurchase a new one. This isn't too thick nor is it too thin. It looks dainty and I absolutely couldn't be more thrilled with it. I do want to add I don't think it would be good for a man because it's thin so it's far too dainty for a man. <end>  Perfect!  The ring is perfect if you don't want anything too big or overbearing on your finger. I ordered the size 3 to use for a cute little pinky ring and it suits the use nicely.However, it's not as nicely polished as I'd hoped, but it will do fine. <end>  size runs small  Beautiful ring but size does run small. Had to exchange size 5 for a size 6 at no charge. Happy customer! <end>  Sterling Silver 2mm thin  Love this ring. perfect fit, perfect size. will highly recommend to anyone looking for inexpensive, yet stylish band. cudos to the customer who recommended getting one size larger. try it. you will like it. <end>  Thumb ring  I love sterling silver jewerly. This ring was the perfect size for my thumb. I would purchase again from buyer. I'm looking to purchase more in the near future. <end>  One ring came apart at the seam  I ordered two of these rings in January to wear on both sides of my diamond. I was very pleased with these rings until one of them came apart where the ring was joined. I am very disappointed that this happened. The rings are beautiful but I can not wear one of them because it now pinches my skin. Maybe I just received a bad ring. <end>  Perfect  I love this ring, it's exactly what I wanted in a thumb ring and it's by far the best price I've found anywhere! <end>  Good sturdy ring  This ring is very good. It even withstood bleach. Also its very strong. I use it as my thumb ring. I give this five star. The delivery was also prompt. <end>  Sterling Silver 2mm Ring  Just lovely--simple, elegant, perfect fit, easy to slip on and off, thin enough not to be too overwhelming, but the perfect width for my thumb ring. <end>  perfect!  I purchased this to wear both alone, and to help keep on larger rings (since I wear a half size). It is absolutely perfect! <end>  Exactly what I was looking for!  It's cold here in the Northeast, and that makes my fingers shrink. So, my wedding ring has been flying off and landing in unfortunate places (under the couch, in the washing machine, in my baby's diaper!). So I ordered this ring in 4 sizes so I could use it to hold my ring on no matter how small my finger shrinks. It's PERFECT! Great customer service and shipping too. It left LA on Friday and arrived in NY on Monday via USPS! Great service, great ring, great price. <end>  Size 3.5 toe ring  Purchased this as a toe ring. Great quality! Item fits perfect, shipped quickly, with great packaging. At a great price. Thank you! <end>  Just what I wanted  This ring is true to size and it looks just like I expected it to. The price is reasonable, too. <end>  sm ring  i have been wanting a ring to go on my middle finger to the first joint. and this is the perfect ring. i love it. <end>  silver ring  the product was everything the seller said it was. and arrived fairly quickly. very nice plain silver ring. I would reomend this item to anyone looking for a plain silver ring. <end>  Great Purchase  Lovely ring. It is thin at 2mm, but that's what I was looking for as I wear it as a pinkie ring. True sterling silver, hasn't turned my finger green like some other cheap metal rings have in the past. Shipping was quick too! <end>  SS 2 mm thin wedding band  I am very happy with my ring. Much shinier than how it looks in the picture. Shipped out very quickly. Well worth the money! And yes, order a size up, I normally wear a 6 and ordered a 7 and it fits PERFECTLY under my diamond solitaire. Makes a great wedding set when paired with a solitaire ring. <end>  Great Buy!!  I got this and while the sizing is a bit off, (buy a size bigger than you normally would) I can't complain. Great rings for a great price. LOVE mine. Wear them everyday! <end>  Love these rings  I bought two of these rings to put on either side of a solitare ring. They look great! <end>  Fun rings.  This is the perfect size (2mm) to add that extra look to any stack collection. Sizes run a little small but well worth the price...I ordered 3. <end>  it's okay  This is an okay silver ring. It had a scratch on the side and inside,so I had to exchange it, but then after I received the exchanged ring, it was a little looser on my finger than the original ring. oh well!The seller was very prompt with service, though, so I do recommend the purchase. <end>  Beautiful!  This was better than I thought it would look. I wear it as a toe ring and fits fabulously! <end>  sterling silver toe ring  I love toe rings that look like mini wedding bands. This is a great price for this ring. Rings like this are hard to find because of the style and price. Sabrina Silver has great prices! <end>  Sterling Silver Ring  This ring is a great item for the price. It is very comfortable, and the sizing is accurate. <end>  beautiful  Gave as a gift to a friend they love it. It is a beautiful ring. The service is fast. I got my order within a couple of days after I had ordered.They are so fast. <end>  Mother & Daughter  I bought these rings to keep my daughter and myself connected. We love the rings and wear them all the time. <end>  half and half  I ordered 2 rings at different times. I love its size. Its a good fit. My only problem is that they seem to have a different finish. One is shiny and the other is dull. But it came fast and is a good price. <end>  I didn't like the product  The ring is like used, has a rayon and beaten in one side. Money wasted! I did not like it! <end>  simple and sweet  this shipped quick and was exactly as described. It was purchased to help keep another ring in place on my finger and it works great! sturdy hasn't bent yet and its been a month of constant wear <end>  GREAT  I really like this ring.I was looking for a ring to go in front of another and this ring works great. <end>  Pretty, but runs small  I ordered this ring in size 3 1/2 after losing weight and having my wedding ring get too big. I ordered size 3.5 but it seems more like a 3 - definitely smaller than the other two size 3.5 rings I bought around the same time. I'm keeping it since I'd like to lose more weight, but I advise ordering up a half a size for best fit. <end>  PERFECT  So far so good, it came in quickly and fit the finger I wanted it to with no problem..haven't taken it off since....no green line, or rust!!! <end>  its okay  Sweet simple band. I like it but mine was a little dented in one spot. Im a little picky so It bothered me. kept it anyway. If you like thin bands you will like this. <end>  So tiny.  This is as small as the smallest keyring wire I've ever seen. My niece wanted it for Christmas. It was on her wish list, but I'm embarrassed to give it to her. <end>  Wow!  Ordered on the 7th,came on the 10th. Amazing service. Product is better than i imagined. Its a great buy! Band is as thick as my 4mm so i wont worry. <end>  Perfect and dainty  I bought this ring to wear to work so I don't ruin my original engagement ring.This ring is perfect. I love it!!! Had it for several months and it is still shiny and not beat up at all... and that's saying something since I work my little tail off around the house and at my job.It's dainty and you don't even feel it when you wear it. It's small enough that you can stack other rings with it.I couldn't have asked for more.  -D <end>  Great ring for a great price  This product arrived in the earlier part of the expected delivery date, and was not expensive. I've been looking for a pretty but simple sterling ring and this is definitely it. I have worn it every day since I got it, it fits perfectly, and has few to no scratches after washing dishes, cleaning a fish tank, scrubbing and oven, and after everyday wear and tear. I ordered my normal size and it fit perfectly. <end>  awesome  I bought this to be my wedding band as i wanted something small to not draw too much attention away from my engagement ring. It is perfect! I love the slim design. <end>  Perfect!  I bought two of these rings to put on either side of my engagement ring. They look perfect with my platinum ring and for such an outstanding price!!! Also, I received the package only four days after the order. I have since bought other items from SabrinaSilver and they are all great. <end>  PLEASED  THIS BAND IS PERFECT FOR A THUMB RING, I LOVE IT AND ITS STERLING AND STAMPED SO. NOT PLATED OR FAKE, I WOULD LIKE TO TELL THE PERSON WHO SAID THAT THEY TARNISH EASILY THAT IT WILL NOT TARNISH AS LONG AS U WEAR IT, AND IF U DONT WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ALL U NEED IS A SOFT CLOTH OR OLD TSHIRT TO RUB IT WITH AND IT WILL LOOK GOOD AS NEW. ENJOY <end>  Cute little band  I love this little thin band. I wear it on my thumb and it is thin enough that it doesn't bother me while I am working. Silver is my favorite colour when it comes to jewlery and this little ring shines and silver is so easy to take care of. I love it!Sterling Silver 2 mm 1/16 in. Thin Wedding Band / Toe Ring / Thumb Ring size 8 <end>  So Simple, in a good way  We bought this to be my wedding band. We didn't want to pay a fortune for a plain gold band. Luckily they carry half sizes in silver. My fiance is so impressed with the quality of the ring. We just put in another order for his wedding band. We put in the order on friday and recieved it on monday. We will be purchasing from this seller again and again. <end>  Worth the $$ but not perfect  These little bands are worth what you pay for them. They are very inexpensive but make sure that you are aware how thin they are. They absolutely serve the purpose of what I bought them for. I have very small fingers and alot of sterling silver rings that I like are a tad too big. I use these as ring guards of sorts to help make a ring that's too big wearable. I put one on each side of the ring that's too big and it doesn't fall or slip around. Order up a size. I wear about a 4 1/2 ring, ordered size 5 and they are tight. They might bend easily if you're not careful. I am happy with them. I bought 2. <end>  Much prettier than picture but watch sizing!  The ring is much shinier and smoother than it looks in the picture. I was very impressed to get a ring of this quality for such a great price! I took the advice from other reviewers and ordered a 1/2 size larger than I thought I needed, and I'm very happy I did. It fits perfectly. Plus, with a band it's better to have it a little too big than too small because it doesn't matter if it spins around. Service from Sabrina Silver was excellent! <end>  Super Value for the Price!  I have ordered two sterling pinkie rings from this seller! Each product arrived sooner than stated and quality was much more than I expected for the price I paid!!!!! Cool Beans!!!!! <end>  Dainty and inexpensive.  I ordered this ring in a size four to wear on my pinkie-finger and it's just the most simply feminine little ring you could ask for at such a reasonable price. It shines beautifully. The one recommendation I would make is to check your ring sizes elsewhere. Amazon's ring sizing guide is off and if you order based on their information you'll probably end up disappointed. <end>
 B000FFN426  18K Yellow Gold Plated Rose Ring - Champagne - 8 ||	  Very nice ring!  I was looking for a yellow rose ring as they are my favorite type of flower and this popped right up! Delivery was quick and painless. The ring is true to size and is very cute when worn. Can't speak as to the durability of the gold plate since I don't wear it every day, but there haven't been any nicks or scratches so far. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because whoever took the picture is perhaps a bit TOO good at photography! I thought the stone would be more yellow gold based on the photo but its a more subtle color than that. I suppose it really is the color of champagne! <end>
 B000FFST26  18K Yellow Gold Plated Rose Ring - 8 ||	  AWESOME  This ring is incredible. My girl fell in love with it since the moment i gave it to her, and 'til this day, she's never taken it off and it's still in great condition. Bottom line, this is a great quality ring for the price! <end>  cheap  I bought this as a gift for my mother. We liked it at first until she wore it for a while. It turned her finger green. Very disappointing. <end>
 B000FFVCIE  Loving Family Sterling Mother's Heart Gift Locket with Set of 12 Birthstones - Small ||	  nice gift  My girlfriend had been looking for a birthstone ring or necklace that she would like for awhile when I heard she had never received a mothers day gift even though she has 4 children. It broke my heart so I started looking for something small that the kids could give her from them. This was perfect and she loves it it is big enough to fit in all four birthstones and sturdy enough for everyday wear. <end>  Perfect Gift for a Mother!  My husband gave this to me for Mother's Day. Although I have six children, three of them were born in July so I was able to use the February, June, July, and December birthstones. If you have more than four birthstones to put in the heart, you need to get the bigger necklace and order one or more sets of extra birthstones. The necklace is very pretty with a nice sturdy box chain of the perfect length. A very nice inexpensive gift for a mother, grandmother, or other woman in your life! <end>  Do not buy  I bought this for my mom at Christmas (2011). All of the "gems" (colored pieces) fell out in April so she does not wear it anymore. I tried to return it and it said I could not after Jan 2012. This was not worth the money - it fell apart! I would never buy this again. <end>  Very nice.  I am very happy with this item. Some of the reviewers wrote that the locket would not stay closed. It stays closed fine if you close it properly, then insert the chain throgh the opening, and that makes it impossible for the locket to open. I like the quality and appearance of the locket and the chain seems strong. The chain is a box chain which I like because my hair has a tendancy to catch in other chains but not my necklaces with box chains. This locket is a gift to my daughter-in-law and I think she will like it. <end>  very cheap, and amazingly bad design  My daughter gave me this, and so I'd never tell her (but she does frequently comment that she cannot see the stones).1. You cannot see the stones inside when you're wearing it .. ... I guess you just have to enjoy knowing that they're there. ..2. The clasp is very tiny and cheap.3. The loop that the chain passes through is .. in a very odd place . on the BACK side of the pendant, so it's just oddly lumpy and hangs awkwardly . . . I don't quite understand why it was designed this way.Not something I enjoy wearing, except that my dear daughter got it for me ..I can fix that clasp problem .and I guess a jewelry could redesign the loop a bit, for me . but . .you still couldnt see the stones .. .a lot of fixing to do here, such a shame. <end>  Nice locket, but only fits 4 stones, not 5.  I bought this for my Mother-in-Law. It's her only gift from me and my husband this Christmas. I received it today and was very pleased with the way it looked. I promptly went to put the 5 stones in, but no matter what I tried, they wouldn't fit. I then read the enclosed information, stating that this locket holds only 4 stones. The description on the site said 4-5. My Mother-in-Law has 5 kids. If the site had stated that this only holds 4 stones, I certainly would have gotten something else. I don't have the means to get her another gift before Christmas. Now I'm just going to have to take my chances and see if my Husband might be able to sand the stones down enough so that all 5 fit. Very frustrated and disappointed. Please fix the description. This would have gotten 5 stars if all 5 stones would have fit. <end>  great besides the chain  the locket its self is amazing the chain tho is to thin to hold the locket and broke within 3 months of wearing it ( i dont wear this in the shower either)if yours going to buy this make sure to have a thicker chain to support the locket <end>  Lovely  I was very pleased with the appearance this product. The one downfall was how it rests on the neckline when wearing it. It kind of sticks out more on the top then on the bottom and I think because of that the necklace will flip around a lot more frequently. It is very lovely and I love how it came with all of the birthstones to fill however we choose. <end>  Nice chain  I was afraid the chain would be cheap, but it wasn't. It is very nice weight and good feel. The Pendant is also a vey nice weight and the gift is worn all the time. <end>  Great for the price  was very pleased with product. great presentation box. crystals are beautiful and are able to be seen quite well given i chose the small size. chain is a little long for the petite size of locket. overall a great value. <end>  Great Christmas Gift  I gave this to my wife as a Christmas present from our 7 year old son. She absolutely loved it! It brought her practically to tear she was so happy.So I would say that this is great to give a loved one from a child. <end>  Okay...  When I first got the locket, it was pretty but overtime it started getting tarnished and then eventually the hinges broke. It lasted about 7 months before it broke. I guess it's not meant for everyday wear. It was also a little hard to see the stones in there. <end>  Locket  I purchased this for my daughter, she just love's it. It's not only beautiful, but is good quality. Several friends have asked how they can buy one. <end>  Just as I hoped it would be!  I bought this as a gift for my daughter, who had suffered a first-trimester miscarriage.....as a special way for her to keep the child that she lost always close to her heart. And she loves it. Some other reviewers talk about problems with it breaking or falling apart.....it is a &#34;cage&#34;, and must be removed from the chain before attempting to open and close the heart. Personally, I think the quality is very nice and a beautiful product for the price. I may even order one for myself. <end>  A mothers gift  To much of my suprise this is a great necklace. Heart is strong and gorgeous. The gems were shinny. Next time I will get the bigger gems because they are little hard to see but we have nov and jan babies. <end>  Beautiful  Loved it!!! Got it for myself (from my son) for Christmas! Santa will leave it for me I am sure!! ;-) <end>  How many stones?  Love the look of this locket, but would like the clasp to be better. I have 5 stones in the locket and it does not close all of the way. The chain keeps it from opening and loosing the stones, but it would be better if it closed properly. <end>  Very pretty little necklace.  Nice packaging. Appears very delicate. Christmas present that I think will be a big hit. Keep in mind that its about the same size as the pictures on the screen. If you want something bigger, get the large size. <end>  Great gift!!!  This is a great gift for a mom or grandmother... My mother in law love this gift, I put all the grandkids birthstones in it, she has worn it since the day she got it!!! <end>  Nice to look at  It looks very elegant in the picture, but kind of cheap in person. Absolutely great concept behind the design. It is definately one of those type buys where you got what you paid for. I in no way feel ripped off by any means. Just would have liked to have had a nicer finish & better quality chain. <end>  very flimzy  This product is very nice in photos. Was disappointed with it when I received it. It is very flimzy lost on birthstone after only having it for a few days. Tangles very easy. Mother's birthstone does not stay in place. <end>  Love it  I got this for my mother and she loved it. She never wears jewely so it was great to get her something so she could have all the grand childrens birthstone. <end>  Beautiful!  Christmas gift for daughter-in-law, with my son and 4 children I need something with 5 stones. This was perfect and she loves it. The only thing, the chain that came with it was too thin and I purchased a more sturdy chain. <end>  Fabulous!!  I am so thrilled with this necklace! The clasp is the mother/child's head. It is a very sting hold. Not worried about it popping open, or even loosening. It is a very sturdy locket/charm. The only thing is I would like to be able to see the stones inside better. But because of the fillagree design it shows only a wee bit through. I am very pleased with the item!! <end>  Broke within 2 days  My daughter bought this for me for Christmas and it broke within a couple days....the stones fell out of the locket and were lost b/c the latch on the bottom broke holding the two pieces together. Very disappointing and my daughter cried. she is 13 and used her own money to buy it. <end>  Not worth it  I bought this for my mom and she loved it, but unfortunately we had to return it. Like others have said, it's really hard to fit 5 stones in it, the clasp did not stay shut so the stones kept falling out, and the loop for the chain is on the back, so it lays at a really strange angle when on. Didn't even wear it one time. Very disappointed. <end>  Reality was ugly.  Not worth your money. Very cheap, very unhappy with this purchase for my mother. She said it wasn't bad but she was just being nice. Not what I expected when I opened the box. <end>  Perfect gift for a mother!  My husband and I recently had a miscarriage. I wanted to get a token to remember our precious baby by, but all of the miscarriage jewelry just wasn't right. My husband got me this for mother's day and it was the PERFECT gift. It is very subtle and I know that the birthstone inside is a symbol for my baby. Also, as we have more children, I will add their birthstones to their older sibling's. <end>  Beautiful, but doesn't fit many stones...  I really love this necklace. I haven't experienced any of the discoloring or breakage other reviewers mentioned. I like the way it sits on my chest and the fact it does not twist like a lot of other necklaces. It pulls forward a little which keeps it from flipping over backward. The only drawback is that it does not open very wide nor does it fit many stones. I have only one child, but decided to include my birth stone and my husband's birthstone. I had to shove in the 3rd stone and it barely closed. More than 3 stones inside is probably not possible. For me, though this was a great gift to receive! <end>  Very pretty  I just got this necklace as a Christmas gift from hubby and I love it! Not sure what other people fussed about but to me it is just perfect. The size is not big but yet not small either. You have to take the chain out of the locker in order to open it, which is good because it won't open unless you take it out of the chain, so I'm not sure why some people complain that it opens. Overall is is a great gift for a mother. Highly recomended! <end>  As listed, always a plus  The item arrived as listed it had all items with it and came with a nice gift box also. The only complaint I have is that the locket it's self was slightly smaller than expected. I can't wait to give it to my wife Christmas morning, we just had our first child I'm super excited. <end>  Great Gift!  I gave this locket to my sister-in-law for a baby shower gift, something special to remind her that we are thinking about her, not just the new baby. I originally thought about getting something with a birthstone in the month the baby was due, but what if she was born the month before or after? With this locket she can put the correct stone in when baby comes, she can even add herself, hubby, or baby #2 ;), whomever she wants. <end>  Lovely gift for reasonable price  When I saw this I knew my mom would love it. it's totally unique. I was worried because some of the reviews make it sound like garbage.This is not my impression at all.The item has a good weight to it. My only complaint is because it's top heavy it tilts forward.When it arrived we had to take the chain off to get the stones in. So I don't see how the stones can "fall out" because the chain keeps the locket closed. It appears to me the locket is designed to hold 3-6 stones.After I helped her put the stones in (which took a delicate touch) she put it on and has been wearing it since. No problems. She just loves it. It's elegant but casual enough for everyday. <end>  Great product  It was nice having all of the different birthstones so I could make this personal. The chain was a little thin but it makes a nice gift. <end>  A perfect gift for her  I loved this necklace!  ) it's really cute and it comes with all birthstones that you can put into the locket, but one thing to be aware of is the necklace. The necklace is alittle bit thin compared to hold the weigh of the locket. I think it would be better if the necklace was made a bit more thicker. And also, you probably might need to put alittle effort into putting the birthstones into the locket because the space of the locket's opening is not very wide. You need to find an angle to squeeze in the birthstones. And the small locket can only fit 4 stones. If u need to put more than 4 stones, I'd suggest you on purchasing the larger one. Other than that, it makes A great gift for a female. <end>  Loving Heart Necklace Carolyn Pollock  I love this! I just ordered 2 and it is beautiful and did not fall apart its just right in the size and the stones are darling! I would recommend it highly.. I think the price was worth it because in a jewelry store it would be a lot more. I love jewelry and this is definitely a great FIND. JUST BEAUTFUL! <end>  Gift for mom.  I got this for my mom for Christmas, not sure if she would like it because I am the youngest of her children and I am 21 years old. However she reminded me that your kids are always your kids and she loved it. Wears it all the time. It was bigger than I expected, I was worried it would look to small, but it looks really nice. <end>  For the new mother again  After much deliberation I finally chose this for my step daughter. She just recently gave birth to a new baby girl. She has 2 boys also. I thought that something would be in order such as a mother's ring or the such. I order the pendant/locket. The delivery was quicker than stated, which I felt was a plus. Upon receiving it, my wife open it and sent me pictures. (I work offshore so unable to be there for the giving.) After some difficulty she was able to get 5 stones inside the locket, but after reading the description I knew that it wold be difficult to do but could be done. She gave it to our daughter and she was very pleased with it. I have yet to actually look at in person, but from the raves I have gotten from those who have I think it will have been a good buy. I will post more once it has been worn a while and survived her work. <end>  A Great Gift for Mothers!  My youngest son gave this to my wife for Christmas. It was a hit from the moment she opened it and read the box and got better as she opened it, looked at it, etc. She hasn't taken it off since.Before we wrapped it, my son had me help put the birthstones in. Given the size of the locket, the stones aren't huge but still easy to see. It took awhile to figure out how to open the locket, but eventually it dawned on me to remove the locket from the chain. Once the chain was removed, it was easy to get the locket it open. The chain helps keep the locket closed tight.Given it's new, there may be issues as we go but given it's sterling silver, I anticipate we'll have to polish it from time-to-time to get rid of tarnish, etc. But it was a great find and would recommend it if you are looking for a great personal gift. <end>  Wanted to love it but...  It's very beautiful and arrived very quick, the packaging was very nice. But, I don't know if it's a one time defect or if it's the workmanship. On the front right side of the heart, it has an opening all the way through. It doesn't look like it's broken, just seems like it wasn't welded together as it should've been. It doesn't affect how it works (open or closing), just irritates me. Gives a perfect heart a flaw. Forgot to mention, I bought it as a gift to give my mother.I gave it two stars because it's still pretty nonetheless, but it's not worth that price. The most I believe it's worth is $25. <end>  Fell apart--not happy.  My mother loved it and opened it to put a few stones in and it fell apart. I fixed it for her but it still opened and she lost a birthstone. Then, the chain turned black. <end>  Not worth the money  It came and was a lot smaller than I had anticipated from the pictures. My wife went to put the birth stones in and it instantly fell apart. Totally not worth it. <end>  Nice  Just gave this to my wife for mothers day a couple weeks back. Very Nice she loved it. She liked being able to pick which birstones to put in it. She got several compliments when we were out and she was wearing it. Very nice. <end>  Beautiful  this is an absolutely beautiful pendent. its smaller then expected so it only fits 4 stones. good thing my mum only has 4 kids and one of them are twins. my mum loved it so much she wears it everyday! this is a great present for moms and i totoally recommoend it <end>  Beautiful!  I purchased this necklace for my nieces and nephews to give to their mother for Christmas in 2010. The pendant and chain are of good quality, and the weight and styling is very appealling. The necklace comes with a complete set of birthstones, and I was able to fill the locket with the birthstones of her 3 children as well as that of her late husband. There was plenty of room in the locket for 4-5 of the birthstones. The birthstones were also of a good quality, and cut in a manner which makes them shimmer in the light. The presentation box is great for a gift, and although I did gift wrap the necklace (mainly to keep the contents a secret until Christmas), you could actually present the necklace in just the included box.The gift recipient was happy with the necklace, and immediately posted pictures of it on Facebook; bragging that her children had gotten her a nice gift. <end>  Love it!  My husband let me pick my own present for christmas under the guidelines that it had to be a necklace, so I picked this. Absolutely beautiful design! It's small but just the right size for me. The only minor issue I've had is getting the gems to fit right so it'll close all the way, but that's nothing difficult & it's a one time issue.I love this necklace & I wear it almost everyday! <end>  Perfect for mom's and grandma's  We gave this to my boyfriends mother for Christmas this year. She absolutely loved it! It's inexpensive, but the quality isn't cheap. I'm going to get one for my mother. I definately recommend it! <end>  Mother of 5  My wife loved the locket. The only problem is that we are the parent of 5 wonderful children and the locket was a little hard to close with 5 stones inside. <end>  Very nice!  I thought this locket was lovely. I like it very much. I was afraid at first after looking at the photo on here thinking the stones may fall out if the locket were to pop open. But I just recieved it and the necklace is what keeps the locket closed. I'm very happy with it. It is beautiful. <end>  Bought 7mos ago and still LOVE IT!  Perfect quality gift with sentimental value!!! I ordered three of these 7 months ago! One for my mom, one for my daughter and I kept the third. We have our three birthstones in our pendants. I wear mine almost every day and it still looks perfect. I get many compliments on it and my friends are surprised to learn how little I paid. I now want the larger size too!! Oh yeah, the gift box it comes in is very nice as well. <end>  A wonderful gift!  I received this as a Christmas gift from my husband. I really like it but wondering what to do if we add more children, we already have four and my locket is full! All in all really beautiful, well crafted, and perfect chain length.I would recommend this to others, I am actually ordering one for my mother. <end>  she loved it  a perfect mothers day gift. my mother loves it...wears it everyday, and she has told me she is getting many compliments! <end>  Small pendant only fits 4 gems  I really like this locket; but I was expecting it to hold more than 4 gems. It wasn't clear to me that there is a separate identical larger pendant that holds more. <end>  Gave as gift  I gave this to my mother in law for Christmas for the grandkids. as long as us kids don't have multiple birthdays in one month, it should be great. I had a hard time opening the locket, then realized it has to be off the chain first. This I'm sure is to ensure that it will not open and the birthstones will not be lost. <end>  My 11yo DIL hated this. Why? I think packaging.  My 11yo DIL hated this. Why? I think packaging. When you package something cheap then it feels cheap. The actual product isn't bad, just poorly presented. <end>  Doesnt close well and tilts downward while wearing. Fits 3-4 stones.  I am disappointed. I bought this for my mother-in-law so she could have her 3 grandbabies with her at all times. She liked the look of it, but it tilts downward while wearing since the clasp is on the back (instead of the top) of the piece. Also, once you take it off of the chain, it has VERY limited opening to insert your stones. I had to do it for her. And it really should be stated somewhere that it will only hold 3 stones. Maybe you could get away with 4, but it would not close all the way. Anyway, one of the stones has fallen out already since the closure is not very secure. And to the prior reviewer that commented that they don't see how it could come out with the chain on...IT DID. Now I have to set out to either order new stones, or return the locket. No time for this!!! <end>  Hit on Christmas morning  The grandchildren had picked this out for their mother and they did an awesome job! The quality of this product is excellent and the chain was not so delicate as those that are sent out with so many other necklaces. It was just so beautiful and the tears in her eyes were too. <end>  Gift for Mom  Perfect little necklace, suttle yet very cool custom touch!has every stone but can only hold up to 4.good gift for any occasion. <end>  Classic & beautiful - fits 4 of the birthstones  I got this for my mom for Christmas. It's a very pretty necklace and I love the concept. There are 4 kids in our family and this fits 4 of the birthstones so it was perfect for us. There was an insert in the packaging that said the vendor also sells a large option for this product that holds up to 6 gemstones but I couldn't find it on amazon. If I'd seen the larger one I probably would have gotten it so we could have included gemstones for the entire family (parents included). Regardless though, it's a wonderful gift for a mother. The chain is a good length too - the locket fell about an inch below my mom's collarbone. <end>  Too small for my needs  Perhaps I missed read the info on this locket but I will be returning it as it is too small for my needs, it only holds four gem stones. If you have a large family this is not the locket for you but if there are four or fewer children then it will work fine. Inside the package I found the maker of the locket's website to visit. There I found that they do make a larger version of the locket, which holds up to 15 gems, and even suggest that if this one is too small to order the larger one (for $20 more $$) from them. I wish Amazon had also offered the larger one but they don't, not sure why. <end>  Great Product  I was very happy with my purchase. The quality is nice and I love that the birthstones were included in the package. The box that the necklace came in was very nice. <end>  Awesome Gift  I bought this necklace for my mom for Mother's day and she loved it. She kept mine and my sisters birthstones in it and she wears it everyday. She was very moved by the message the necklace sent. I also recieved the gift very quickly. If you are looking for a great gift for a mother, I highly recommend this item. <end>  Nice Touch for a Growing Family  I got this for my daughter-in-law. Her family is young and growing and wanted something symbolic to wear. It gives her a sweet moment when she sees it in the mirror. Good quality and affordable. <end>  Difficult and Too Small  This is a very pretty necklace; however, it took me one hour to insert three stones in each of the lockets. I bought these for my nieces. I wanted to put four stones in one, but I could not get the locket closed. I think the stones should be flat and not pointed on one end. The locket does not open all the way for easy placement of the stones. If it does, you would have to force open. Pretty when finished, but definitely a disappointment. The large one probably would have been much too large for four stones. <end>  Good, but make sure it is CORRECT when you order it...  I got this for my mom for Mother's Day. She loves it...HOWEVER...the little diamond things do NOT all fit in this heart!!!There is appearantly a SMALL and a LARGE version of the heart. The small one can only hold about 3.It clearly says "Loving Family SMALL Sterling..." but it is easily overlooked! There was not a LARGE right next to it, so I thought nothing of it.if you want to have most or, at least more than 3, of the birthstones in it, you HAVE to buy the LARGE!Other than that, she was happy! <end>  BEAUTIFUL  I bought this for my sister for mommy's day. She has two young boys. I loved it and I know she will too. I don't have kids of my own but I almost wanted to keep it for myself. <end>  Birthstone Necklace  Purchased this item for my daughter for Christmas. It is a lovely piece, comes with all the Crystals for the 12 months. The only problem is there is no definite opening to put the crystals in, you just sort of separate it, otherwise it is quite lovely for the price. <end>  Nice necklace  Bought this as a Christmas gift for my Grandma. She loves that she can choose which birthstones to keep the heart at certain times. Has a great meaning behind the necklace, want one for myself.  -) <end>  Mother's Day Gift  It was nice. I would have rather been able to choose which stones to order but it turned out ok. It wasn't as big as I thought it would be. I may buy again but maybe for my young daughter next time rather than an adult. <end>  Pleasantly Surprised!!!  Purchased this locket for my Mother for Mother's Day and she loved it! Even had a compliment on it! Hopefully,I get one for a special occasion-would love it!!!! <end>  Nice gift  This was a great gift for our grandmothers...putting in stones for their grandchildren. Very unique gist, quality design for the heart. Excellent packaging (box). The description says it can fit 4-5 stones. it should be just up to 4...5 is almost not an option. Cannot see the stones inside very easily. They do sell a larger locket. Overall, very pleased with it. <end>  Can't complain  Wish it was a little bigger, but over all can't complain. Bought it for a present for my mom and she loves it, so that is all that matters. <end>  Very nice  Quality product.I also bought this and gave it to my mom with it "Mother I Cherish You" Heartwarming 8x10 Qoutes/poem, Double-matted in Ruby Red/white and Enhanced with Flower Artwork. <end>  Broken Chain - DOA  The chain was broken at the clasp upon removal from the package. As this is intended for a gift, I'm glad I opened it to inspect it first. I would've been horribly embarrassed to give a broken gift.Love the design though. I'm going to try ordering another. <end>  Disappointed  Overall I have more complaints than compliments about this necklace. The main issues I have are that you can't see the stones in the locket as well as I expected and the chain goes through the back of the locket causing the heart to hang at a negative angle. As others have noted it is difficult to get the locket shut with the stones inside (I added three)...but with some patience I was able to move the stones around to a point where I was able to get it closed. I love that I could add another stone as our family grows, but am concerned that with how much trouble I had getting three stones in that I wouldn't have as much luck adding the fourth when that time comes. The idea of this necklace is great, but in my opinion the design doesn't do it justice. <end>  Very nice gift  Nice gift but I thought it would be a little larger. I hope my niece dosen't have too many children. <end>
 B000FG0HIO  Loving Family Sterling Mother's Heart Locket with Set of 12 Birthstones - Large ||	  Great product for large families!  I had been looking for a birthstone necklace for my mom for about two years. Since she has 7 kids, every necklace I found (especially the ones with the little stick figure kids,) didn't look quite right with seven different birthstones. When I found this necklace, and saw how many birthstones it could hold, I was eccstatic. It was a hit on Mother's Day! The only thing I don't like, is that the birthstones are loose inside the locket, and so it is sometimes hard to see all of the stones through the locket. But my mom loves it and it's a great product. <end>  Have Super Glue Handy  My mother had been wanting something to show the birthstones of both her children, her son-in-law, and her granddaughter that could easily have more birthstones added to it later as her family grows. This piece was perfect and also both attractive and novel. The only problem (as another customer has pointed out) is that the birthstones are too small for the large locket, so they end up just jumbled together at the bottom. My husband suggested using super glue, so I tried that and it worked. Once I glued the relevant gems (top face glued to the inside of the front of the locket), they stayed in place and were all perfectly visible. I don't know how the glue will affect the silver in the future, but without having the gems visible, this pendant was pointless to me. <end>  Perfect Group Gift for (Great) Grandma  I bought this necklace for my grandma for Christmas. She has 5 kids, plus spouses, 10 grandkids plus spouses, and 7 great-grandchildren, and between all of us, our birthdays cover all the months of the year. We put all 12 stones in, representing all of her family. I also typed up and included a list of the months with each person's name for her. She absolutely LOVES it!! She could not have been happier and wears it all the time.One note though, I first ordered the small, not realizing it would not hold all 12 stones. So I had to return that one and get the large. The cutomer who mentioned not being able to see the stones at the bottom of the locket probably should have ordered the small. <end>  Would be very nice...if it were 35$.  I bought this for my mother for Christmas. I had to buy another chain for it because the chain that comes with it is very cheap looking and not very sturdy. Even without the additional chain purchase, I think this is quite overpriced. It should be about 25-40$, not >60$. My mother did say that she liked it, but that was mainly because of the sentiment behind it (a lovely idea). Also, as mentioned in previous reviews, I am going to have the stones professionally set in the locket, because they otherwise fall to the bottom and are not easily visible. <end>  A lot of Kids?  I got this for my Mom - who has 8 grandkids. I was able to fit all the stones to represent the whole family from Mom and Dad down to the youngest grandchild. The Locket is beautiful and the chain goes through loops on the back that keep the locket closed (to avoid loosing any stones.) The one thing that would make this a 5 star instead of a 4 star review is the chain is not as pretty as the one for the smaller locket like this one. I realize it needs to be a little more heavy duty because of the size of the locket, but it could still be a little nicer. I'm going to look for a nicer one and replace it. <end>  Great gift!  We bought this for my mother's 70th birthday, and included all the birthstones of her kids, grandkids, and great-grandkids... with room to grow  -). The necklace is very high quality, and stones look beautiful in it! She was thrilled with the gift, and has been wearing it daily since receiving it three weeks ago. I highly recommend this for Mother's Day! <end>  LOVE IT!  FIRST MOM'S DAY GIFT EVER...I LOVE IT! WILL CHERISH IT FOREVER. JUST THE RIGHT SIZE, BIG ENOUGH TO MAKE A STATEMENT BUT NOT HUGE...NICE WEIGHT TO IT. GOOD QUALITY! <end>  locket  this locket of mother and child is just beautiful. the scroll work shows off the different birthstones inside. i have 7 stones in it. the piece is nice and heavy. i just love it. would recommend it to any mother or grandmother. <end>  Mothers necklace  Necklace was beautiful and so were the stones. Exactly like description listed.Arrived promptly with prime membership and my mom loved it for her 60th bday ! <end>  Very special piece  I ordered this necklace for myself. The detail on the heart is very pretty. Inside I put birthstones in for my kids, hubby, parents and grandparents. Glad I got the larger size I like the presence and the longer chain. I am ordering a 2nd one for a girlfriend that is getting married. I am going to put hers and the grooms birthstones inside and she can continue to add as her family grows. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, is it wasn't the easiest to open to get the stones inside but if you get past that it stays securely shut and is a beautiful piece. <end>  DO NOT BUY  This necklace is not silver at all. I don't even believe it is gold. My girlfriend went in the shower with it once and it turned this nasty gold-purple color. It is pretty on screen and it was the day we got it. Then it didn't even arrive on time. It is not worth 10 bucks. Such a piece of junk. I wish I could give it no stars. The way it clasps is a pain to the gems are so small they often get caught in it. <end>  Locket adorable, chain cheap  This locket is fantastic! I ordered the large with an extra set of stones. We were able to fit 15 stones in the large and it looks lovely. I agree with the other comment about the cheap chain however. But for the price, you can buy a nice sterling silver chain and still have a great gift for a reasonable price. <end>  pretty but poor quality  This was a very pretty necklace but it constantly would open and the tiny gems would fall out. I had 3 stones in there and within the first month I was down to 1 gem. Also, at about 6 months it looked very old and tarnished, I never wore it in the shower and took good care of it but it still turned that cheap goldish green color cheap jewelry does. If this were a $10 locket I would give it more stars but for the money it's a piece of junk that only looks nice for a very short time. I would suggest buying something else. <end>  Beautiful  This arrived in beautiful condition and was the perfect addition to the birthstones. This was a gift for my mother in law. She wears this daily to keep her family close to heart <end>  Beautiful!  Its the thought counts and I bought this for my mother in law! When I opened it, I was very impressed. For the price that I paid, I thought it would look a little cheaper but it feels heavy and looks pretty. I picked out the stones of her kids and started putting them in the locket. Although i wanted to be careful as not to break the necklace so I was careful when opening the locket. Although I found that I was having a hard time opening it. I realized later that you had to take off the chain for the locket to fully open all the way. Once I did that I put her kids stones in there and tried to close it. It didnt snap shut like I expected so I started to read the little paper that came with it. I realized that I had bought the smaller locket and the smaller locket can only only four stones when the bigger locket can hold fifteen. I was worried because she has five kids. So I tried to put them all in there anyways and after I shut it as much as I could, I put the chain back on it. I realized that when the chain is on the locket, none of the stones can fall out so I was very excited that I made all five fit in there afterall! I loved it so much I went online and bought one more small locket and another large locket for two other family members ) <end>  cheap quality  The price is great and the actual item looks nice. However, the quality is bad. I bought this for my daughter and she wore it for lesser than 24 hrs and the stone came off. I returned it back the next day. Very unhappy and dissatisfy. <end>  couldn't be happier  my wife and i bought 2 of these, one for each of our mothers, and they LOVE them. we had a son born in January so we also bought a small 1mm garnet for each for a couple bucks and it looks great. we recommend this highly. <end>  Nice concept  I bought this for my mother-in-law and she really likes it. I like the idea of the necklace but it hardly seems worth 70 bucks. It's a good gift for mothers and grandmothers but price should definitely decrease or the quality should increase. Overall it was okay. <end>  She loved it  I bought this for my Mother in law for Christmas and she LOVED it. I thought it was a tad bit too big, but I had read reviews on line about how the smaller one was too small...so I decided to get the larger one. She has four kids and five grandkids, so I ended up buying another set of stones because we have some duplicated birth months in the family. Anyway, 9 stones fit with ample space for more grandkids...which are currently under way  ) <end>  Better then Picture  Bought this as a Xmas gift for a friend. It is absolutely gorgeous. Locket is not too large and the chain is beautiful. Thinking about buying one for myself. <end>  sent wrong stones!!  I ordered this for my mom, intending to put all of the birthstones of her grandchildren in it. However, I was sent a set of birthstones missing several months and substituting two of other months. Of course, the ones missing were the ones I needed. What a joke! I wouldn't recommend this product to ANYONE!!! <end>
 B000FGEU8M  Enchantmints Just in Case Musical Jewelry Box ||	  Missing parts - got it replaced in a day  I ordered this through amazon for my niece but it arrived with a missing draw.But the person in customer service was able to get me a replacement the very next day. very impressed with the service. And the replacement was in fine without any missing marts. <end>  musical jewelry box. Just what my granddaughter wanted.  So pleased with this item. Exactly what we were looking for for my granddaughter. She was so excited with it. <end>  Very nice  It's very pretty & the music is, too! Perfect for a little girl for jewelry & other treasures. <end>  a sweet gift  I recently bought this jewelry box for my 4 year old niece and she loved it! The "secret" compartments were very sweet and she enjoyed having the different spots for her jewelry. It was a fairly recent purchase so I am not sure how well it will hold up over time, although it seemed to be fairly decent construction. The only downside is the little figurine, as someone else mentioned... not quite sure what it is supposed to be. <end>  Fairy Musicbox  This was a Christmas present for my god-daughter. She absolutely loved it and started placing her jewelry in it immediately. All the extra little drawers were very cute and the design was beautiful. What made it extra special was that the song "Beautiful Dreamer" was the one that her great-grandma sang to her daughters when they were little. <end>  Livi LOVES her new music box!!!!  I purchased this music box for my 3 year old niece. She was jealous of her sister's similar pony music box! It was a mega hit at the party and all the little girls were there with their noses in the box!!! Way too cute!! The secret drawers are just the best ever! <end>  Adorable jewelry box  This is so different with secret drawers all over it - very nice for little girls. <end>  Girls' Dream Treasure Box  This is an adorable treasure/jewelry box for young girls. Both my 6 year old and 4.5 year old love theirs. The painted designs are elegant but eye catching for young girls. Plus there are several themes to choose from. The pop-up figure and music work very well. The cute little side drawers are great fun, too.My one and ONLY warning about the boxes is that the drawers could get lost if you are not careful because they do remove completely. <end>  It's cute  My 4 yr old granddaughter liked this musical jewelry box. She is very interested in fairies and jewelry. She can wind the music box and open the drawers. A nice feature is that the drawers do not come out or fall out. It is a good size for a little girl. <end>  Excellent music box  My daughter, 4.5, loves this box. It was her favorite christmas present. She loves putting tiny items in all of the drawers and listening to the music. <end>  Gorgeous - A lifer!  I searched and searched for a product that looked decent and that did not have a published &#34;theme&#34; like Tinkerbell or the like. I wanted it to be timeless, yet fit her interest at the age of 4. I wanted it to be something that would last the years and sturdy enough to play with for years to come. This jewelry box is all of the above! I couldn't be happier, a year later. She couldn't be happier, either! <end>  a big hit apparently  uncle got lucky. a christmas present for a niece--had it shipped directly to her, so i never saw it, but from what i heard she loved it and ignored her other toys <end>  Enchantment Music Box  I bought this for a Christmas gift and they have not received it yet. The quality of the box seems to be pretty sturdy and it was pretty. The only problem I had with it is the little fairy that spins isn't real girly looking. <end>  dissapointed  When I recived item ordered, it was cute, it looked like what I wanted, but it was broken. The fairy dancer that was suppose to be standing was broken off. It was a Christmas gift, I was dissappointed. <end>  Poor quality.  Paper peeling off. Looks better in the photo that it does when it arrives. Not durable at all. I returned it. <end>  nice jewelry box  The jewelry box has a cute design on the outside. The inside fairy is a little creepy, but my daughter seems to like it. The pull out drawers could be a little bigger, but it is fine since my daughter doesn't have a ton of jewels. Lots of different compartments that my daughter did have fun filling. This definitely satisfied my 4 year old, she was thrilled to receive it on her birthday. <end>  Pretty but..  My daughter really likes the box. It's pretty and seems to be made of reasonably durable cardboard, for the price. My quibble is with the drawers. The side drawers are really small; none of my 3 year old's age-appropriate jewelry fits in them. Bigger issue is that the drawers fall out really easily (there's no catch to keep them from sliding totally out), and she can't get them back in herself. Bottom line, I kind of wish I had purchased the more basic box. But, it is pretty, and she also loves the music. <end>  Warning Contains Lead!  Ok so I never ever write a review but my daughter just received this as a present. It is a beautiful and well made jewelry box but the sticker on the package as well as the box said that it contains lead. I am appalled that a product that is obviously made for children is still being sold even if it is labeled as containing lead! I will definitely be returning this one! <end>  Beautiful and well made  I brought this along with the "Mia" ballerina jewelry box and even though at the time I paid the same price..this was by far the better purchase. It is beautiful, well made and well worth the price which is not much. I regret not ordering three of these and ordering the other box (see my review) Big Difference! <end>  bought for my 5 yr old  This box is very pretty, well built, and the music is nice.When she first saw it my daughter fell in love.However, she was dissappointed when she opened it, and I can't blame her.Whats with that figurine? I don't even know what it is...A fairy?...a little village girl?...I have no idea. <end>  Just In Case Music is just right.  I bought this music box as a gift for my seven year old niece and she loves it. She couldn't wait to put it in her room and she loves the music. <end>  A lovely music box  I purchased this item as a gift for my daughter's 5th birthday and she absolutely adores it. The music box turned out to be her favorite and she loves winding it up to listen to the music. We hope she'll treasure it for many years. <end>  Great gift for the fairy princess in your family!  This delicate little music box with beautiful little illustrations will be a treasured possession for your little girl.It's the perfect place to stash special treasures, and if well cared for, is beautiful enough to warrant saving for a future generation! The illustrations are beautiful. If you are about to buy a special trinket for the girlie-girl in your family, this is a charming gift to send. <end>  Cute but not very sturdy  The jewelry box is smaller than I thought it would be and the construction is not that great. The drawer stops are glued in with weak adhesive so if you pull the drawer at an angle, it comes right off. The graphics on it are very cute, though and the music is nice. Probably best for a 6-10 year old. <end>  Didn't Even Last a Month  I had to give this product one star, because it is no longer fun or educational--it is broken! It didn't even last a month. My seven-year-old daughter hardly ever wound up the music box, and then one day it just stopped working. My husband thinks that it may be the spring. Whatever the case may be, we are extremely disappointed, as this was supposed to be one of the special gifts our daughter received for Christmas. <end>  Just in case Music  I bought this for my granddaughter for part of her Christmas gift. She loves playing the music. I was a little disappointed in the quality of the jewelry box for the price. My daughter had thought of purchasing it for two of her nieces and I called her and told her not to. <end>  Beautiful music/jewelry box  My parents gave this to my 2 year old daughter for Christmas this year and she just adores it! It's a beautiful piece and the music is very nice. This is something she will keep for the rest of her life and pass on to her little girl one day. <end>
 B000FGEU9Q  Discover Your World Music Jewelry Box by Enchantmints ||	  Wonderful Music Box!  Sent this pretty little box to my niece who turned 9 years old and loves horses. She absolutely LOVED it! Great gift idea at a good price. <end>  Magical  I bought this magical-looking jewelry box for my cousin's 12th birthday. She loves horses, so I knew she'd love the look of the jewelry box. She loved the song and the beauty of the jewelry box. I would recommend this item for other young girls. It truly is magical. <end>  Very Charming!  Ordered this for my 6 year old daughter! She loves the little drawers hidden along the sides and front! Very colorful and princess~like! Great buy! <end>  Very Sweet  My daughter loves this. I had bought more but UPS left them outside under our eaves....and ruined the others...dumbos!!! They could have left them on my front porch or put a bag around the box! Regardless the one my daughter has she loves. She watches it all the time. She is 6. <end>  musical fantasy flight  my niece was open-mouthed with wonder and her eyes filled with enchantment as she viewed the music box for the first time and listened to the music. it is a rare priviledge to see that reaction in a child. she was transported to another dimension. <end>  Everything she wished for  My daughter had her heart set on a jewelry box for Christmas. I've seen this line in a couple of our local upscale toy stores and always thought they were overpriced. Finding this same music box at Amazon at such a reasonable price (plus we qualified for free shipping) made our Christmas extra special. My 10-year old daughter has us open the box and play the music before she goes to sleep. She's also filled each of the box compartments and loves the color and style of the box. This was a hit on Christmas morning! <end>  Beautiful  I purchased this jewelry box for my Niece and it is so beautiful, the music box is pretty and she just loves it.I think it was very good purchase on my part, just gorgeous. <end>  My daughter's Favorite Christmas Gift  This jewelry box turned out to be my daughter's favorite gift this Christmas. The music is perfect, it's absolutely beautiful and the hidden corner boxes are so nice to have. She calls it her secret treasure box, and her favorite most prized possessions go into this box. I love hearing the music playing from her room, she opens it up and plays with her horses and dolls sometimes. That alone is magical in itself. Very happy with the construction of the box too, it feels strong and durable, and the pictures and wording around the box are magical and beautiful. <end>  Pretty little girl jewelry music box  The description was clear and the illustration was done well. The grandchild that received this music box was so pleased especially to find the little hidden boxes in the sides of the jewelry box. <end>  Music to my ears  I got this music box for my daughter, and I couldn't be happier! It's absolutly beautiful!!!Discover Your World Music Box <end>  Beautiful Jewelry Box  We got this jewelry box for my daughter for Christmas, and she loves it. The artwork is very pretty, and the music sounds very nice. <end>  Perfect Jewelry box.  I love how the picture looks very much like my granddaughter and that there are so many secret compartments for her to put her prized earrings and necklace in. Beautiful. <end>  Opened and Returned  Huge disappointment. The drawers do not stay shut and just flop open when the box is moved even slightly. Considering the size of the box there is actually very little storage. Poor sound quality. Just overall a really bad product. <end>  Beautiful Jewelry Box!!!!!  Looks better than pictured! It looks larger in real life than in photo! Great Quality! Will buy again from this Company <end>  Daughter loves it but BARELY any storage space  I should have looked at the description more closely. This has very little storage space. Even the top is less than an 1/2 inch deep, if that. But so far, everything else about it is great. It IS made with paper, so don't let it get wet. <end>  Nice music box and jewelry box, not much storage  I got two of these jewelry boxes for my twin daughters who just turned five. They both LOVE the music boxes. There are four cute little drawers and then a larger compartment on top to store all their little treasures and "jewels". For the money, this is a nice jewelry box. It's made of a very study-feeling card board-ish material - but it doesn't feel like it will get crushed or anything. The horse that spins around is kind of chintzy, but my girls definitely don't notice. I'm quite happy with this product. <end>  My daughter love it!  My 8 years old daughter love it. She is horse crazy. She also loves jewelry so it's a perfect for her.I bought it for her Birthday presents. She was so happy. Cute color. <end>  Cute product  Product was as expected and was loved as a gift by my 10 year old granddaughter. The various little drawers hold lots of new earrings for her newly pierced ears. We both liked it. <end>  Great Gift Idea!  Got 3 of these music boxes for gifts for our 3 granddaughters!Each has loved their musical jewelry box.And now we plan to start giving them age appropriate jewelry asfuture gifts. <end>  Wonderful jewelry box  I bought this jewelry box for my 5 year old's birthday. It is very well made and will last many years. As with anything, I made sure she understands how to wind the box, to not overwind or touch the horse too roughly. We both love the design and it is something she will grow with until she gets into her teens at least. Very happy with this purchase. <end>  Beautiful but contains lead  I bought this jewelry box for my daughter's birthday. I was so happy when I first opened the shipping box and saw that it was indeed just as beautiful as it looked in the picture. However, when I turned it over I saw a small warning sticker on the bottom of the box. It warned me that the jewelry box contained lead and should not be eaten or chewed. Fine, my daughter is past the age where she would chew on it. However, the warning continued, saying that it may generate dust containing lead. Unacceptable. I am promptly returning this jewelry box as I do not want my daughter exposed to any levels of lead knowing that lead can cause so many problems especially with learning development. No jewelry box is worth that no matter how pretty the picture. <end>  Fabulous musical jewelry box! No lead!  I do not know what one reviewer is complaining about, mentioning "small sticker on bottom warning that music box contains lead..."; there is no such sticker on the bottom of mine. Perhaps my box is a newer version? The box is 10 times nicer looking than the picture! It is educational in the wonderment of its compartments, and it is well made. You can not go wrong purchasing this for a gift. It is beautiful at any price! Fit for any princess! <end>  Kids jewelry box  I brought this jewelry box for my daughters 5th birthday. I looked every where for one with a horse but they just were not right. When i found this one I fell in love with it. I prayed it was what I wanted. When I opened the box it was even better. My daughter loved it she spends hours arranging her stuff and watching the horse spin and the music play. She looks at the pictures all the time and reads the saying on it. When my other daughters turn 5 this is what I will buy them too. <end>  Pretty but Knob for Turning on Music Does Not Stay in Place  This musical jewelry box is very pretty. It is displayed in my daughter's room, and she does not play with it. From the moment we received it, we noticed that the knob that one uses to turn on the music kept coming off. This is part of the reason we thought it would be a good idea to keep it out of her reach, since she is still young. This knob is a choking hazard. Someone moved her music box, not knowing that the knob falls off easily. Unfortunately, when we checked the box, sure enough, the knob was gone. We have not been able to find it. We have to use the knob from a different music box when we want to play the music. The box should be more durable that that. <end>  Great Gift  I bought this box for my 5 year old and a similar one for my 2 year old from Enchantmints. They are both beautiful and the girls LOVE them. By far the best gifts (and cheapest) this Christmas!! The toys are already in the toy box and forgot while these are taken from the dresser to the bed so they can listen and watch them every morning and night. Also a great place to put those most important necklaces. <end>  Very pretty  My 5 year old granddaughter was delighted with this jewelry box! It's beautiful and just right for younger girls. <end>  Just what I was looking for  I brought this music box for my granddaughter's 8 year old birthday and she absolutely loves it. She said it was the best present she ever received. The music box is adorable and looks very well made. I highly recommend it. <end>  Delighted the Recipient  Purchased this for a young lady who loves both horses and jewelry, so this seemed a good choice for a jewelry box. She was delighted. <end>  Jewlrey Box  The box was a bit smaller than I would have thought... but it was beautiful and my granddaughter LOVED it! Beside what Santa got her I think it was her favorite thing. She loves horses and this jewelry box is just right for the little girl that wears jewlrey and loves horses! <end>  3 year old daughter loves it  Purchased for my 3 year old girl for Christmas and she loves it. She likes the wind up music and loves the little hidden drawers to put her treasures in. This one is a keeper that I think she will like for years to come. <end>
 B000FGKDLK  Ballerina Treasure Music Box ||	  Jewelry boxes  Very small & cheaply made. They didn't meet my expectations of how they appeared in the photo. They were just ok <end>  Package perfect  The manufacture did a great job double insulating the box to avoid any damage in shipping. The music box is perfect and my Granddaughter loves it. <end>  Cute and very suitable  I bought this box for my almost 4-year old daughter. I opened the box to wrap it for Christmas and I'm very impressed with the quality of the box. I like that the drawers are each side of the box. There is at least one drawer on each side. The music is not too loud and winding is quite easy which was a concern for me. Previous reviewers have commented on the size of the box. It is the perfect size for a little girl. It will hold just enough 'jewellery' to make them feel they have a lot of treasures.I would purchase this item again and am looking forward to seeing it in use. <end>  Beautiful and love the tiny compartments  I have purchased 3 now as gifts for 5 year olds and their eyes light up when they see these. It is beautiful inside and out and looks like it is very well made. The song is nice and the tiny &#34;secret&#34; compartments make it so fun! <end>  Ballerina Treasure Music Box  My granddaughter was a ballerina in the Nutcracker and this was given to her as a gift for her performance along with a charm bracelet and ballerina charm. She was estatic with her gift and loved it! After shopping for some time trying to find an appropriate gift for the occasion, I found it on Amazon and could have saved a lot of time if I had went there first!!! <end>  Music Box  I bought this Ballerina music box for my Grand daughter. She loves that she can watch the ballerina dance and the music. It has a lot of different compartments for her to use. The only bad thing is the clasp that latches the lid is not very good I even had to fix it when I received it has it was all bent out of place but it still works so that is good. <end>  Music Box  This was a gift for my granddaughter's 11th birthdy. She loved it and all the drawers that were in it.I got it very quickly and I would order from, amazon again. <end>  Granddaughter loved it!  Our 4 year old granddaughter loved this gift. She played with it constantly after Christmas. It was a gret gift choice for her. Seems as if it will hold up well. <end>  Very cute!  )  Arrived safe & sound yesterday. This will be part of my 2yr old neice's Christmas present (got her My First Barbie Jewelry box Barbie too). For a 2yr old it's the perfect size for her to carry around. I know she'll love it  ) <end>  Jewelry Box for Little Girls  I purchased two of these for my 5 & 6 yr old nieces for Christmas. I loved the ballerina inside, because it reminded me of the jewelry box I had as a child. My nieces absolutely loved them! I put a quarter in each of the hidden drawers, so my nieces thought they were rich!Cons  The jewelry box was smaller than I anticipated. The sides were heavy cardboard and less durable than was expecting. <end>  Cute, but Nowhere Near the Color Depicted!  The jewelry box is very cute and it's made to last more than a lot of other cheaply made boxes I've seen.However, the jewelry box is definitely more of a peachy-pink color (like the traditional ballet pink) and not a light pinkish/purplish color that's depicted. Also- there is hardly any room to actually hold the child's jewelry. Most of the space is taken up to compensate the little ballerina that spins around. There are two INCREDIBLY small drawers on each side that I just don't understand.I ended up returning it due to these reasons.But if you like the color (which my daughter likes blue and purple, so it didn't work for us) and don't have much jewelry, then it would be cute! <end>  Jelery Music Box  I purchased for my 7 year old granddaughter and she loves it. She uses it every day to get item to wear for school and the music functions fine. <end>  perfect box!  Fits a lot of my 5 yr olds rings and bracelets. Secret compartments on the sides are fun to put little things in (beads) but be careful not to put too much in the bottom box or it will get stuck! <end>  Very durable  My granddaughter is a ballerina lover and loved this Music Box. The little drawers are handy for the small earrings she has and looks great on her dresser. <end>  A hit!  Our granddaughter loved it. It was her favorite Christmas present, and we were thrilled. Thank you, Amazon! You made us look quite good at this. <end>  My granddaughter loved it!  I have a hard time buying gifts for out of state grandchildren not knowing where there interests are at any given time. I've found that going back to the little things that thrilled my sister and I are the biggest hits. She especally liked the &#34; secret drawers&#34;. Better than a Barbee DVD! <end>  gift  I guess i should have looked at the dimension better, was much smaller than i thought but the little girl I bought it for loved it. <end>  Beautiful Jewelry box for Teen  This was an immediate hit with my niece. I looked at many jewelry boxes and found this to be charming with the secret drawers and the very pretty fairy ballerina on the top. Just right for a pre-teen or teenager. <end>  this gift was a great hit with a 5 year old  The hidden compartments on this treasure chest are a nice feature. This is a sweet gift for a small girl. <end>  lovely gift  the music box arrived perfectly packaged....everything worked and my 3 1/2 yr old grandaughter loved it....any little girl would love it! <end>  Nice, but small  We purchased this for my 3 year old daughter. It's nice, but smaller than what I was expecting. The drawers hardly hold anything, but at her age, she can pick it up and carry it around. She has already filled up all the drawers and she does like to wind the ballerina and watch it dance when she opens up the lid. The ballerina windup mechanism appears to be sturdy. <end>  Nice for the price  )  I think every little girl should have a ballerina jewelry box and this one is very cute. Lots of little drawers to hide small items. Its a nice size too  ) I think my daughter is going to love it! <end>  BEAUTIFUL  Buy a gift for my niece, when out of the box I love, is all fine and beautiful is that my niece will love it, music is beautiful and has several drawers for bracelets and earrings, I'm happy with the purchase. <end>  Perfect For a Little Princess  This little treasure box is just beautiful! It has such a magical touch. They are small in size so don't expect it to hold a bunch of jewelry. However, it is a fun little box with little drawers that makes it perfect for any little girl to stash a few trinkets. <end>  perfect treasure box for a little girl  This product was exactly what I wanted for my granddaughter. It will be a gift for h er birthday and all she can talk about is a jewelry box with a ballerina on it. Perfect! <end>  Not as shown  My grand-daughter is into purple and this picture shows a color of purple. Not true it is as pink as pink is. goods cute like she would like if color was right. delivery was very good. Says i can't get money back so if I do that will be great if not then i will not purchase toys again. <end>  My niece is in love with this treasure box!  I just gave this to my niece who turned seven today and she could not stop opening the lid to watch the little ballerina spin around and kept saying them music was "so beautiful!" She is a bit ballerina obsessed and this was a nice surprise amidst the other gifts she asked for. The drawers are a bit tiny, but perfect for little rings and things a girl her size own. Her little sister wants one too, but I've told her she has to wait until she too is seven. <end>  She loves it but....  Got this for my wife who had one as a child but it was destroyed and I thought it would be nice to get her one. She ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT but I take issue with the size.It can sit in the palm of my hand. It's about the size of those boxes used to store 3x5 recipe cards maybe a wee bit bigger but that's it and it's made of pressed cardboard so it's fragile and will warp/fall apart if it gets wet.My mother has one from when she was a kid and it's the size of a small/medium cookie tray. Guess they just don't make them like they used to. <end>  Beautiful, but not useful for storage  This is a visually beautiful product. The picture doesn't do it justice  one caveat  While the box is taller than normal, The drawers are VERY small. There is a long, slim drawer along the front bottom and one small square, deep drawer on the upper right, and a small, deep drawer on the lower left and a small drawer in the back. The upper flat compartment where the ballerina "lives" is not very deep at all to allow space for all the other drawers. This is not at all like a regular jewelry box, which usually is very deep. But the drawers are cute for very tiny treasures. My four-year old loves because it is so pretty, I will, however need to buy her another jewelry box to store all her bracelets and necklaces. The tinkling of "Swan Lake" whenever it is opened is lovely and it is a very, very pretty little thing and worth it despite the lack of space. <end>  Hours of fun for little girls  This is a nice gift alternative to the zillions of toys out there. I bought this music box for my six year old daughter's birthday and it was her favorite gift of all. It is also adored by my three year old daughter who loves to watch and listen to it. (I wouldn't recommend it for a girl this young, however... I'm sure she would break it if left alone with it.) The little drawers are perfect for small treasures and the song puts them to sleep at night. Overall, just a great gift for a little girl.The box seems to be constructed well; there were no defects, and I expect it to last us for years. I like the music, which is the Nutcracker. My only critique is that the ballerina herself looks a little stiff and plastic, if you know what I mean. I prefer a softer, material-like tutu. But overall, a really great product and perfect present for my girls! <end>  enchanting!  I purchased the ballerina jewelry box for my granddaughters, and they were entranced and delighted to see the little ballerina spin to the tune of the music. It is constructed of heavy paperboard, and will probably not hold up as well as if it were constructed of wood. This "toy" is not one that is meant to be played with in the traditional sense of the word play, but is to be enjoyed for the lovely artwork and the sweet music it plays. <end>  Expected just a little quality...  I bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter. My initial impression was it was just covered cardbord. It looked and felt cheap. By the time I paid tax and shipping it was anything but cheap.Almost didn't give it to her and was going to send it back. However, she saw it in the bag and wanted it. She seem to like it, however, I didn't. <end>  Beautiful, but it breaks  I SO want to give a four or five star review for this little ballerina box. It's gorgeous! The cunning little drawers! The sweet, soft ballerina paintings! It plays Swan Lake! But, oops, it DID play Swan Lake. The wind up mechanism broke after only a few days, and now the ballerina does not twirl and the pretty box is silent. My little girl still likes it, and maybe this is just the way of ballerina boxes, but I wish it were more durable. <end>  Pretty Little Box but Rather Odd  I purchased this for my six year old daughter for Christmas. I looked around a lot before making this my choice. I wanted a wooden jewelry box with more than one compartment, with music and a ballerina. This one is lovely to look at but I have to say, the drawers are a bit odd. The main compartment, the one hinged on top is fine, typical for a jewelry box. The drawer at the bottom is fine too but it seems odd that the entire front of the box has no compartments until you reach the bottom. I supposed it is to allow for a seamless picture of the ballerinas on the face but it makes for an awkward...really boxy looking....box. The little drawers on the side and back are long, narrow and deep. You have to really dig in with your finger to retrieve the items stored in there and my daughter has already gotten frustrated and turned the box upside down to get the items out. It has led to some tangled chains. There does not appear to be an artistic thought to the placement of the drawers. They seem to be just stuck in to the sides almost like pins in a voodoo doll. All closed up the box is very pretty but the only compartment my daughter really likes to use is the top one. If I had had the chance to handle this and really look at it in a store, I probably would not have bought it. The illustrations are lovely but the design is rather odd and not practical. <end>  Just what every little girl dreams of when she looks in the mirror!  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece and she loved it. Although my adult eyes thought it a little small to a little girl it was as big as the world itself. Would recommend to a friend or family for future purchase. <end>  Poorly Made, but Beautiful  We bought this music box for our 7 year old daughter for Christmas. She loved it and was really enjoying it. That afternoon she went to wind it up and the mechanism broke. I wouldn't buy another one because it's not worth the money. <end>
 B000FGWU4I  Round Softball Charm ||	  charm  Wonderful product very nice charm easy to buy no hassle with purchasing always a pleasure to purchase anything on amazon thanks <end>
 B000FH4QVC  Green Jade Four Pronged Round Stud Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  great earrings at a great price  I needed simple earrings to match a necklace. They were the perfect color as shown in the photo and came in a beautiful presentation box. They are well made and very comfortable to wear. Just what I wanted! <end>
 B000FH63WM  Pink Jade Curved Bar Single-Row Vera-Link Bracelet, 14k Gold ||	  GREAT SELLER,FAST SHIPPING,A+++++++++  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SELLERSUPER FAST SHIPPING!!!VERY WELL PACKAGED!!!!THANKS FOR EVERYTHING. <end>
 B000FH90KE  Crystal Bands - Sterling Silver Clear and Amethyst Swarovski Crystal Band - Size 6 ||	  very pretty but...  I ordered this ring about a month and a half ago. It is very pretty and the stones sparkle nicely but one of the white crystals has already fallen out. Its not a big deal. I just wear that part of the ring toward my palm. But for the price this ring is a very nice product. <end>  Tiny Ring  The ring is very nice. But Very Tiny. Small. Molecular. I got a green one and a purple one and I can barely make out the colors on them. No flaws or defects, just small. <end>  pretty, but flawed  The crystals are lovely and sparkle a great deal. I purchased 2 and one of them has the alternating stones wrong. It's not bad and not worth returning, I just wear that part of the ring toward my palm. But for what you pay, it's a great ring! <end>
 B000FH9EX2  Multi-Colored Jade Curved Bar Single-Row Vera-Link Bracelet 7", 14k Gold ||	  Beautifully Delicate Yet Sturdy!  This bracelet is exactly as described by the seller. It's even more impressive in person. I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. It's sturdy enough for even the most active person, yet delicate enough to wear on special occasions. Any lover of jade jewelry will absolutely fall in love with this one. I recommend this buy highly. <end>
 B000FHAD7S  Oval CZ With Cross Center Pave Setting Ring ||	  GORGEOUS RING-  I LOVE THIS RING,I COLLECT CROSS JEWELRY AND THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITES.LOOKS LIKE YOU SPENT THOUSANDS AT A HIGH END STORE,IT ABSOLUTELY LOOKS LIKE WHITE GOLD,AND REAL DIAMONDS,IF YOU LIKE NICE CROSS RINGS,YOU CANT DO BETTER THAN THIS ONE. <end>
 B000FHADEG  Crystal Bands - Sterling Silver Clear and Light Blue Swarovski Crystal Band ||	  What can I say?  The stones are not as bright as the pic. Purchase at your own risk !!!! <end>
 B000FHDUQE  Pugster Lollipop Kids Jewelry ||	  love it  my grandaughter loves this charm. i recently started a bracelet for her and this is her favorite charm. Will be ordering more from this company. <end>
 B000FHFIDW  Kokopelli Laser Italian Charm ||	  Kokopelli Charm is charming  This is a nice charm and was reasonably priced. I bought one for my daughter and one for myself. We are both pleased. The service was swift and the seller was very cordial. I would do repeat business with this seller. <end>
 B000FHSIBQ  Hearty Delight Metal Cuff Bracelet ||	  Cool bracelet  Bracelet is super unquie but it tarnishes quickly. Matches anything and I have had many compliments on the bracelet but overtime it wears not well. For the price not a bad deal. <end>  Cute but cheap  This bracelet is very cute in person, but straight out of the package, there were some dents and scratches. I wore the bracelet only a few times and now there are several major scratches that reveal dark metal underneath. This is a nice piece of 'junk jewelry' and nothing more. I would not buy this as a gift for someone, as the top coat of metal will likely chip away the first few times they wear it. <end>
 B000FI4OK4  Emerald Cross Diamond Pendant 10k White Gold ||	  Beautiful cross  I purchased this for my daughter's 18th birthday. She loved it.Thank you, I couldn't be more pleased. <end>
 B000FI5LDI  Spring Jingle Party Collar Necklace ||	  cheap quality  The metal that was used for this necklace looks cheap and left stains on my skin. I returned the product immediately but I have not received my refund yet after a month. <end>  over the top  i thought this was going to be a nice dainty necklace that i would be able to wear with many different outfits. however, when i received it, it was much "clunkier" than i had expected. it feels like it weighs a ton on y neck. it's very over the top and flashy and the metal is very cheap and has broken. <end>  m's review  even though product was very inexpensive, product showed up at my house broken and falling apart. not a good value at all. <end>
 B000FIC104  Buffalo Laser Italian Charm ||	  cute bison/buffalo charm  Ok, other review got nit-picky about the term used, buffalo vs bison...I don't think that merits 2 stars being deducted. To write an actual review of the item itself  I ordered this charm, and it's very well made. The picture is bold and easy to see, and has great detail. It's very cute, and since my hubby and I love bison and buffalo, it's a neat way to add them to our interests, using a charm bracelet. I would recommend to anyone, whether you like bison or buffalo (pretty much same thing! lol). <end>  It's a bison, not a buffalo  Although the product itself is good, I'm only rating it three stars due to the misrepresentation of the creature on the charm. The animal depicted is a bison (Latin name bison bison), not a buffalo. <end>
 B000FIC172  Zebra Laser Italian Charm ||	  A little disappointed  My son is obsessed with Zebra's so I had to find an Italian Charm for my watch band. The picture online of this charm shows the zebra clearly. When I received the item in the mail the picture on the actual charm was not as clear and unless you looked at it really close you can't really tell what it was. The price was low so I guess that was a good thing. I do wish I had ordered one of the other zebra ones I had seen. <end>
 B000FIDV0S  In Memory of Grandma Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  gift for out daughter  My mother who passed away in 2007 was really close to my youngest child . Roni did everything with grandma . when grandma passed away Roni took it the hardest . still feels the pain of grandma not being here . so i thought this was a great way for her to honor her grandma and for her to know no matter where she goes in life grandma is in her heart on in her memories <end>
 B000FIFQ6A  I Heart My 5th Wheel Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  5th wheel charm  Very pleased with the two love my 5th wheel charms and they arrived in a very short time from order. <end>  Cute!  I love this cute little charm, and bought a few different designs from the same seller, Clearly Charming -) <end>
 B000FIG0M4  Rembrandt Charms Best Friend/Puzzle Piece Charm ||	  Nice  I like the charm and it got here quickly - shipped out on a Sunday, arrived Wednesday; however, I wish the ad had spelled out that there was no chain with it. I realize the description says "charm" but I think it should include a note that the chain does not come with the charm. <end>  Very nice!  This is very nice. The words are easy to read. It is well made. The person I gave it to loves it! <end>  Unique  So cute. I ordered this a couple years ago for my best friend. I really liked them because they were unique and dainty. They start to fade after a while because they're just gold plated but still super cute, I still wear mine. <end>  BFF CHARM  Ordered yest. rcvd today. Looks great. Thought it would be larger but its just what I was looking for. Thank You <end>  friends forever  nice stering charms, beware that the come attached to each other and are a little tricky to get apart, had fear of bending the charm but all worked out okay and my daughter and her girlfriend love them. Note, no chain withthem. <end>
 B000FIG0S8  Rembrandt Charms Japanese Tori Gate Charm ||	  Perfect!  This sterling silver tori gate was exactly how the picture described. It was a gift from those of us who lived in Japan. These are hard to find, so I was grateful to find it.Wonderful product and good shipping time. <end>  Tori Gate Charm  Very cheap & flimsy looking for sterling silver.Had to replace attached ring (broke when attached to bracelet).Would NOT have purchased if actually seen. <end>
 B000FIJ81E  I Heart My Nana Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  Great charm!  I bought this for my grandson to give to me on Valentine's day. He was happy to do it and helped me hook it in. <end>
 B000FIJ84Q  I Heart My Truck Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  Cute!  I love this cute little charm, and bought a few different designs from the same seller, Clearly Charming -) <end>
 B000FIJ8M8  I Heart My Daughters Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  great deal  This charm was just perfect for me. So happy it says Daughter"S", since I have 2. Also the red heart brings your attention to the charm. <end>
 B000FIJIVY  Rembrandt Charms Wolf Charm ||	  The right gift  This was a gift for a male friend who enjoys the Wolf symbol. He likes it very much. I thought it was smaller than the picture but it still had great detail and heaviness for it's size. It arrived on time and in great condition and safe packaging. <end>  Gorgeous wolf charm  I purchased this wolf charm to make my daughter's Twilight bracelet and the charm is really beautiful. Best-looking wolf charm I could find, and Precious Accents was a pleasure to deal with. <end>  Wolf charm  I am very pleased with the Wolf charm that I purchased to go on a charm bracelet. My daughter and I love the Twilight books and by December most of the Bella bracelets were already sold out for Christmas. I found this charm and some other Twilight related charms individually, bought a bracelet for both of us, and put the charms on myself. It was delivered ahead of schedule and made a wonderful gift. <end>  Very impressed  My daughter is the original fanpire of the "Twilight" series plus her man nicknamed her "Little Wolf" so when I saw this charm I HAD to get it for her. Because of the price I didn't expect much...but if you could have seen her face on Christmas morning ...I would have paid 10 times the amount! But we were both really impressed with the quality of the charm. The details were exceptional and it's weight is so solid. I was equally impressed by the delivery...It was here in 3 days of ordering it! A must for all you fans! It means more to her than that though.... <end>  Charming little wolf  I purchased this piece to create a replica of Bella's braclet from Meyer's Twilight series. Although the original was bronze in color, none anywhere that I could find were like that. I chose this one because I thought it looked best of all the ones I could find. The person this gift is for was very particular about the wolf charm because it is supposed to be wooden, but I think she will be satisfied with this one. I worried at first after receiving it about it possibly being too small, but the size is good. The quality appears excellent. <end>
 B000FIJJ04  Rembrandt Charms Passport Charm ||	  Beautilful charm!  I bought this charm for my mother's charm bracelet for her birthday. She travels a lot so I thought it would be a cute idea. When I opened the box I couldnt have been happier. It is very pretty. My mother absolutely loved it. You wont be disappointed! <end>  How Perfect  How perfect is an item that depicts its model to (almost) a "T". I say almost because side by side (real passport next to charm) it doesn't have the words "United States of America". That's OK, it is beautiful, the background is blue with the engraving and back in solid silver.The size is made to scale.Even without the words you know this is a US Passport. It is one of my favorites, it's classy and I love it. <end>  Adorable!!  This is the cutest charm. The background is blue and the eagle/passport writing is in silver. It arrived quickly and safely. <end>  delightfully simple  what a perfect souvenir for a trip oversees. No need to purchase big expensive dust collectors when a simple passport for the charm bracelet will suffice. After having visited umpteen European countries this is simple, well made, and easily clasped to the charm bracelet with an "O" ring. It is a perfect memory trigger. Will definately buy from this company again. <end>  A fun present for a person who likes to travel  This was the second of two charms I gave a friend who returned from a European trip. Very pretty, and she likes it, too. <end>
 B000FIK2PA  Rembrandt Charms Winged Shoe Charm ||	  Perfect  The charm was just perfect for our track star granddaughter. She has asked for this charm for several years and I could not find excatly what she wanted....now I have and it is just the perfect size for her to wear on a necklace..... <end>  Not impressed  i ordered this for my brother for christmas and it took a very long time to ship. Then on the day it was supposed to arrive the seller emailed me and told me that it had been lost. now onto the product it self. it looks nice and all but it is very tiny and looks like its worth like $5. Buyer Beware. <end>  Rembrandt Winged Foot Charm  It's perfect.My brother was in track and I wanted to find the simplest, least-feminine-looking track charm I could find to fit on a masculine silver chain for him on Christmas. I could NOT believe how difficult it was to find one- everything else had too many details or was clearly made for a female athlete.This silver charm was exactly what I was looking for. (I will add, though, that it is very very small but it works and you may like it for your purposes.) <end>
 B000FIK57A  Rembrandt Charms Africa Charm ||	  Beautiful charm  The Africa charm is very pretty and was well liked by the person I gave it to. <end>
 B000FIK598  Rembrandt Charms Lobster Charm ||	  chris  This charm has nice detail but it is extremely small. I should have ordered a little bit bigger one. I may have to order a light house charm to go with it. <end>
 B000FIK7PA  Rembrandt Charms Whale Charm ||	  This charm is not 3D  From the picture, I expected this charm to be a 3D miniature whale. Be warned that this charm is not 3D. Although it is cute, the back of the charm is open-- it is a flat charm, rather than a hollow 3D charm. I was disappointed by this, since many Rembrandt charms are tiny miniatures of the actual item. <end>
 B000FIK8TA  Rembrandt Charms Pug Charm ||	  Pug charm is a good buy  This little charm is beautiful. It is well worth the price. My only complaint is that it will need to be taken to a jeweler to be put on my bracelet. I would love to have one with a spring ring clasp so I could move/place it where I wanted. <end>
 B000FIKA1Q  Rembrandt Charms Female Cyclist Charm ||	  Bike Charm  I love this charm. I put it on a black leather rope and it looks good but, I wish it looked a little more like it didn't come out of a bubble gum machine. It still is very charming and is what I wanted and for the price it is fine. Maybe I will get a more expensive on next time. Also, fast delivery. <end>
 B000FIKAMA  Rembrandt Charms Edelweiss Charm ||	  Beautiful but tiny.  Very beautiful but unfortunately the picture cheats a little bit and the final result is that this part is kind of tiny. <end>  Pretty and realistic pendant  This is a very pretty pendant/charm. I had it on my Wish List because Edelweiss is a flower that is prominent in Germany, and I wanted that little bit of my heritage to wear. This pendant is small but has nice definition and you can tell what it is. There is no misleading in the size description here- do what I did and get out a ruler and see what the measurements are for yourself. <end>  Great Valentines Day Gift  Pros Excellent ValueGreat QualityGreat PriceLooks as AdvertisedCons Delivered by Mail(Slow) <end>
 B000FIKD68  Rembrandt Charms Happiness & Long Life Charm ||	  Very nice piece, great addition to a gold chain  I am satisfied with the Gold Charm by Rembrandt. Great look.The order handling and delivery lead-time were perfect. <end>
 B000FIKDP4  Rembrandt Charms Bridesmaid Charm ||	  Amazon came through right on time!  I found this at Macy's two weeks before my wedding. I tried to buy it, but they were sold out. Amazon had it and I was able to get it in time for my maid of honor (my daughter) to wear on my wedding day! It was a little smaller than I expected, but that just means I didn't look at the specifics that Amazon listed for the item.  ) <end>
 B000FIKDYA  Rembrandt Charms Baby in High Chair Charm ||	  Much better than it appears.  We bought this charm for my mother's old school (read  not pandora) type charm bracelet as a first time Grandma gift. It's perfect! Eyeballing it, the charm measures about an inch and a fourth high and about a fourth of an inch wide. The baby could be either a boy or a girl; it has short baby hair. The baby's holding a spoon and there's a cup on the tray of the high chair. I've saved the best for last -- the baby is separate from the high chair so it moves around when you shake the charm. The legs of the baby are bent (at the knee) in such a way as to prevent it from separating from the chair. The only drawback I can see is that the spoon might get caught on knit clothing. I'm pretty critical and I think that it's just right! <end>
 B000FIKEU8  Rembrandt Charms Sweet 16 Charm ||	  Charm 16  Expected what I received... had no issues with the merchandise. For the cost of the charm, decent quality and acceptable size. <end>
 B000FIN5HM  I Heart My Grandkids Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  Good Luck  These things are small and difficult to put together. That being said they are cute and while I like them, I'll never buy any more. <end>
 B000FINGZS  Rembrandt Charms Mountains Charm ||	  Very beautiful-better than the picture-  Very beautiful-better than the picture-would use this seller again-quick transaction and quick shipping-got the item on time to give as a gift.--Thank you! <end>
 B000FIO0QM  Rembrandt Charms Scales of Justice Charm ||	  LOVE IT!  I bought this charm for myself when I graduated from college. It is very pretty and well made.I received it promptly and I am very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B000FIO1BG  Rembrandt Charms Strawberry Charm ||	  charm  The charm was just as shown in the picture. It arrived in a little over a week's time and is nice.I would order from this company again. <end>
 B000FIO1WK  Rembrandt Charms Truck Cab Charm ||	  Truck cab charm  Very happy with this product. Was better than I expected. Very fast and competent service. Would order from them again. <end>
 B000FIO4A4  Rembrandt Charms Italian Horn Charm ||	  I love the texture and quality of the charm  This is a wonderful charm, the texture gives it character and the quality is wonderful. <end>
 B000FIO4ZE  Rembrandt Charms Drill Team Boot Charm ||	  Had been looking for this for a long time!  Beautiful gold over silver majorette boot! Had been looking for this to replace a lost one for years - this was perfect. LOVE IT! Quality is top notch for the price! <end>
 B000FIO5X0  Rembrandt Charms Boat Charm ||	  chris  This boat is quite small and light weight and only has detail on one side. I am a bit disappointed in it since it looks like it should be more 3D in the picture. It will be OK on my charm bracelet though. <end>
 B000FIO7TM  Rembrandt Charms Flag Charm ||	  Perfect Flag Charm  I have been searching for a charm like this for my Grandghter for her Pagentry Flag team and the girls were absolutely thrilled. They are the perfect size for engraving. I purchased the sterling silver to keep the cost down. The wormanship is beautiful. <end>
 B000FIOAA8  Rembrandt Charms Schnauzer Charm ||	  Love My Mini-Schnauzer  so far so good. no fading. had it for about a month now. recommend it. <end>
 B000FIOBES  Rembrandt Charms Siamese Cat Charm ||	  REMBRANDT SIAMESE CAT CHARM  HAVING RAISED SIAMESE CATS 25 YEARS I KNEW HOW I WANTED TO SHOWCASE THIS SPECAIL BREED ON MY VERY PERSONAL BRACELET. I FOUND THE PUURRRFECT ONE. THIS CHARM IS VERY WELL MADE, AUTHENTIC IN BODY DESIGN AND DETAIL. IF YOU LOVE SIAMESE YOU WILL SURELY FALL IN LOVE WITH THIS ONE. <end>
 B000FIOD2S  Rembrandt Charms Graduation Cap Charm ||	  Lovely graduation remembrance  I graduated from university nearly thirty years ago. I have just started my first charm bracelet and wanted to commemorate my university experience. This is a quality charm with a pearl and a little moveable tassle. <end>
 B000FIOVI4  Rembrandt Charms Orchid Charm ||	  Great for any orchid fan/grower!  This is a very lovely charm. Received it as a gift from my aunt. I love orchids and have several plants both at home and work so this is perfect for me. This charm is small (read the measurements in the description) but has nice definition and you can tell what it is. Love it! <end>  Charm purchase  Good product description and price, arrived in reasonably good time considering it came via Australia post. Will definitely buy more. <end>  beautiful  I've been growing orchids since I was twelve. So, when I saw this charm, it was another must have for my charm bracelet. Arrived speedily, very good quality, reasonable price! I've seen comparable charms sell for over $25. Looking forward to ordering more charms from this line in the future! <end>
 B000FIPF20  Rembrandt Charms Phoenix Charm ||	  Well it is pretty...  While this charm is certainly lovely,and the attention to detail is amazing. there is just one issue. its size! it is far to small to be of use for anything other then a charm bracelet. (Which would be fine if what I needed this for was not a Pendant.) <end>
 B000FIPGGK  Rembrandt Charms Hammer Charm ||	  Exactly as pictured!  Tiny, adorable, and so detailed! I got a compliment on this charm before I even put it on! A friend of mine was there when I opened the package and couldn't get over how teeny and realistic it was. So cute, and good quality. I was afraid the jump ring would be flimsy or the handle of the hammer would be bendy, but it's a sturdy piece. <end>
 B000FIPGUQ  Rembrandt Charms Libra Charm ||	  Very detailed charm  When I got this charm, I was surprised at just how delicate and detailed it was. That's not to mean it isn't sturdy - it seems quite strong, it is just very beautifully done. <end>
 B000FIPHZU  Rembrandt Charms Golden Retriever Charm ||	  Wonderful detail  I am very pleased with the charm. It's exactly as described and very clearly resembles a golden retriever. This was a gift to my mother from her dog breeder daughter so I'm very thankful it so intricately detailed.I also received this item in a timely manner. <end>  Top dog....  Exactly what it says it will be, and looks as it does on this site. Very happy, my grandmother will love this for her necklace! <end>  Nice detail  This charm was a gift for my wife, she loved it! The detail is great, it looks like a Golden Retreiver and not some hunk of metal that resembles the shape of a dog. This is the 3rd charm I have bought from this retailer, looks like they believe in quality products. I'll update this review if needed in the future. Looks like it will hold up to the daily rigors living it's life out on a bracelet, I read some reviews where customers were not happy with how sturdy it was made. <end>  Beautiful!  As a true lover of the Golden Retriever, this was a must-have for me. My charm bracelet is filled with memories of everything I love and this was the perfect addition. Very pretty! <end>
 B000FIPJTO  Rembrandt Charms Female Softball Charm ||	  Wonderful charm  This was a very nice piece of jewelry! Packaging was great. This was a Christmas gift and it arrived on time!. Thank you <end>
 B000FIPK6Q  Rembrandt Charms School Bus Charm ||	  Better than the photo!  This silver charm is 3 dimensional! I thought from the photo that it was a flat bus, like a dog tag, but it is hollow, 3-D, a beautiful charm. I bought one for a bus buddy and myself. And thanks for the catalog. I'm sure I need more items! <end>  Cute charm.  I bought this charm in sterling silver. I was trying to find a tour bus, but this is the closest thing I could find. It has nice detail, including headlights, rim spokes and bumpers. The only thing I don't like about it is that the underside is hollow. It does look great on my charm bracelet. <end>
 B000FIPKV6  Rembrandt Charms #1 Aunt Charm ||	  Gift  Great Gift for my little sister from my son.. . . . . . . . . . . . <end>  Excellent  This was a gift for a family member. They loved it and the quality was very good. Very fast receipt of product. Beautiful on a chain. Would buy from this seller again. <end>
 B000FIPL0G  Rembrandt Charms Daffodil Charm ||	  Rembrandt Daffodil Charm  I really like this charm, the workmanship is beautiful, it very precise and defintely 3D I wear it on silver chain around my neck, as a symbal of cancer remembrance for myself and others who have had cancer and survived it, are fighting it and for those who have passed on. <end>  GORGEOUS DAFFODIL CHARM  This beautiful sterling silver daffodil charm arrived very promptly. It is even prettier than the photo suggests. I have always loved daffodils, which are oftem the first flowers to 'show' in early spring. I also love the old Limeliters/Glenn Yarbrough rendition of the song "Seven Daffodils".I highly recommend this product and the company that got it to me via Amazon.J.HaddenNorcross, GA <end>
 B000FIPLG0  Rembrandt Charms Godmother Charm ||	  Nice little charm  I bought this charm as a gift for my daughter's godmother. It is about the size and weight of a dime. The writing is clear & easy to read. I'm quite satisfied with the product for the price. <end>
 B000FIPN7M  Rembrandt Charms Puzzle Piece Charm ||	  A wonderful way to express autism support  I wear this pendant almost daily with my autism ribbon pendant. It is a classy way to support my son's cause and provoke interest from the undereducated. Most of all, it's a personal symbol that I just love. <end>  Great!!!!  Beautiful charm! Not a scratch on it, perfectly polished looking! I'm taking it to be engraved ) very timely delivery as well! I would recommend this to anyone! <end>  Beautiful little charm!  I received this little charm today and immediately put in on a chain to wear in honor of my beautiful little granddaughter. It is a lovely little piece. My only regret is that it is a little thinner than expected. Overall, it is very nice and I am very happy that I ordered it. <end>
 B000FIPNDG  Rembrandt Charms Peach Charm ||	  Disappointed  I feel a little bad that this is the first review for this item, because I really wasn't happy with the product.It was ok quality, but there was no stamp promising it was .925 sterling. It does claim to be, but it seemed to be plated or something because as a jeweler, I have never encountered a piece of sterling silver that was such a high gloss. It might be a technique that I haven't come across yet, but it seemed a little fake- like it was high polished to convince me it was .925 sterling. The edges of the charm were, for lack of a better term, sharp. Like the charm was punched out of a sheet of silver, and not really smoothed.When I put it on a chain to wear as a necklace, it turned over a lot. The charm promises to be 3D, so I thought it would look like a mini peach, but it was just one-sided; the back hollowed out. So when it kept turning over, you couldn't tell what it was. I understand that it is supposed to be a bracelet charm, but I feel like it would move around even more on my wrist.I was excited about this charm. I looked at a lot of different peach charms from a lot of different places, and I decided on this one even though it was much more expensive, because it was a known brand and promised good things. However, I feel strongly that a company should be able to 'walk the walk' when they talk the talk. I will be returning this item; I have ordered from another seller and I am overjoyed with their product. I wish I had done that in the first place.If jewelry (and charms) are as important to you as to me, or if the charm you are looking for is available elsewhere for less, I'd overlook this item- it's not for you. <end>
 B000FIPNJK  Rembrandt Charms Poinsettia Charm ||	  Rembrandt Poinsettia Charm  Beautiful, beautiful piece of art. Very carefully packed, immediate shipment. Thank you for a great deal! <end>  Poinsettia Charm  This is a pretty charm. It looks even better in real life then in the photo. <end>
 B000FIPNTK  Rembrandt Charms Number 13 Charm ||	  it is what I've been looking for  It was just what I was looking for.. Who knew it would be so hard to find a 13 charm. <end>  Great Deal!  My 13 year old loved this charm. It fit beautifully on her necklace she has with several other important charms. Really nice and recommend for anyone looking for that special charm. <end>  just what i was looking for  this was a great price. the quality was nice for gold dipped silver...it looked like a gold piece. i was very happy with my purchase <end>
 B000FIPP7K  Rembrandt Charms Gondola Charm ||	  Love it  We'll recomend it to other.Our group we'll love to ware it while on their incentive trip.Thank you!Kiddy Hamman <end>  Feedback  The charm was as shown, service and packaging was excellent. An excellent trade and I recommend as it was a perfect transaction. Will order from them again <end>
 B000FIPQYW  Rembrandt Charms Ballet Shoe Charm ||	  Pointe Shoe  When a dance student is at my dance studio for fifteen years they receive this pointe shoe, in rememberence of me and everyone else whom they had danced with over the years. <end>
 B000FIPS1S  Rembrandt Charms Thistle Charm ||	  charms  Very sturdily made and packaged very well. It arrived promptly. A very pretty, shiny charm that looks lovely on my bracelet. Be sure you read the dimensions for the charm so as to not have any misconceptions of the size. <end>
 B000FIQMHW  Clearly Charming June Pink Alexanderite Color Butterfly Birthstone Insect Animal Italian Charm ||	  very pretty  This is a great addition to your Italian charm bracelet, even if you aren't born in June! However if you are a June baby, like myself, it's a clever way of showing that off without being too obvious ;) <end>
 B000FIRBNQ  Rembrandt Charms Alaska Moose Charm ||	  Gold Alaska Charm  I was very surprised and how small, thin and lightweight this was in comparison to the picture vs. the price. This is definetely overpriced for this item and the other charm I purchased. <end>
 B000FIRC4E  Rembrandt Charms Greyhound Charm ||	  Very Satisfied  Was pleased with the service and the charm looks great on a bracelet we purchased for an employee. <end>  Greyhound Charm  I wasn't sure if I would like this. However, because I love greyhounds, I decided to take a chance. I'm glad that I did. I love this charm. It's smaller than I expected, but it's nicely detailed. I wear it often. <end>
 B000FIRCC6  Rembrandt Charms Terrier Charm ||	  Charming Little Charm  While I never have really understood charm bracelets, I know my wife loves hers. This charm was a good match for our Yorkiepoo even though she isn't a full blood terrier. The charm worked perfectly with her bracelet. <end>
 B000FIRCL2  Rembrandt Charms Texas Charm ||	  Texas cowboy boot charm  Thank you very much for the charm - my sister is delighted with it! <end>
 B000FIRF1E  Rembrandt Charms Oregon Charm ||	  Perfect!  My girlfriend and I purchase a charm for our "best friends" bracelet whenever we go on a trip together. Since she lives in Oregon and I live in Michigan, we thought it would be nice to add our home state charms, one on each end of our bracelets. We are coming up on a cruise in just 35 days so I am sure we'll be ordering cruise chip charms and others as well. The charms are a really good quality and they were shipped right away. <end>
 B000FIRHKI  Rembrandt Charms California Charm ||	  Cali  Very cute charm, like that it's sterling silver so it won't get green.Goes great with a chain I found arrived very fast. <end>
 B000FIRHW6  Rembrandt Charms Tiara Charm ||	  Not Pretty  I ordered this product expecting good things. However, what looks like stones in the picture is merely a set of indentations in the poorly-polished metal. I am not satisfied at all. <end>  Not Bad But Not Great Either  I ordered this for my girlfriend as a stocking stuffer and I expected a lot more than what I got. The charm itself is a decent size but it is very thin and the indentations in the metal just make it look a little cheap. And considering it was $16 for a single charm, the craftsmanship could be a lot better than what it is. <end>
 B000FIRI84  Rembrandt Charms Banana Charm ||	  Love it!  My daughter's nick name is Banana and I wanted a charm to wear with some other charms from my husband. This little banana charm was exactly what I was looking for! <end>  Great buy!  Very cute charm! I bought the sterling silver, gold plated one. Though, my friend thought it was a pineapple at first so...either way I love it and so did the person I bought it for! The ONLY problem I had with it was due to my own incompetence. I imagined it to be a pendent, and not a charm. But if you are going for a charm this is a great little gift.The details though what I think set it apart from some of the other charms I've gotten. <end>
 B000FIRIS4  Rembrandt Charms Plumeria Flower Charm ||	  Received as promised  Ordered for my wife to be used as bunco prize It was delivered as promised on time. The price was reasonable and the product was exactly as advertised. <end>  flower  Been looking for plumeria charms !!!!! This item is great & designlooks beautiful !!! <end>
 B000FIRJFQ  Rembrandt Charms Bermuda Charm ||	  cute charm  this is a cute charm- MUCH smaller and thinner than a charm should be. I wish the picture would have been in relation to a necklace or on a charm bracelet so you could see the dimensions of the product. No complaints, just curious. <end>
 B000FIRLEA  Rembrandt Charms Sailboat Charm ||	  Nice and my sweety loves me  I bought this some time ago. My wife picked it out of from the Web site on Amazon. Pricy little gem. My sweety enjoyed it. I would have spent the money on new docking lines myself. <end>
 B000FIRLUE  Rembrandt Charms Romulus and Remus Charm ||	  ROMULUS CHARM  I ordered this charm and was overall... pleased with it. My only complaint was that it is just a little too small. I really wish it would have been at least another 1/2 inch larger. The pendant is rather well detailed especially for it's size and, looks good on a serpentine chain. I'm wearing it now, and usually have several compliments on it each week.If, you have an appreciation for history and or, ancient Rome....I suggest you get one and wear it with pride. <end>
 B000FIRM4Y  Rembrandt Charms Palm Tree Charm ||	  Perfect!!  Beautiful charm, awesome detail and very shiny. I love this necklace and never take it off. I wear it in the shower and keep it on even when I go to bed). I would recommend this to ANYONE who loves palm trees. I feel like I've got a piece of FL with me. <end>  Sterling silver charm  This picture really does not do the palm tree justice. It is very detailed and looks very nice. I gave it to my sister for her birthday, and she loves it - wears it all the time. Was also priced well. <end>
 B000FIRON8  Rembrandt Charms Lion Charm ||	  i love it  this item is the most beautiful piece of jewelry it shines if you like twilight and want the lion charm i suggest this one <end>  Let out a big roar!  I got this because I'm a Leo and I have always wanted a lion charm...a nice one and this one really fits the bill. It arrived in the condition promised and the delivery was very quick. <end>  a bit small  This is a great sterling silver lion charm. It is a bit smaller than I had hoped for--it's smaller than the wolf and the lamb for my Twilight bracelet. I'm going to purchase the larger lion, if it is still available. <end>
 B000FISKC2  Clearly Charming March Aquamarine Color Butterfly Birthstone Insect Animal Italian Charm ||	  cham  Am only collecting these for the butterfly theme I am going for . Love the color though . yada yada <end>  Cute for birthstone representation  Definitely cute but it does catch on things at times as it sticks out slightly. However, worth the purchase if you are looking for a cute represenation of your birthstone. <end>
 B000FISZRM  Rembrandt Charms Statue of Liberty Charm ||	  Sterling Silver Statue of Liberty Charm  This charm arrived on time in a beautiful silver pouch. The quality of detail on such a small piece was better than expected. As it was a gift, the recipient was thrilled with it. <end>
 B000FISZX6  Rembrandt Charms Registered Nurse Charm ||	  Nurse Charm  This charm was just what we were looking for. It was very dainty yet very nicely made. It was the perfect gift for a newly graduated Registered Nurse. Service from the seller was very quick. Received item in fast time in perfect condition. <end>  Beautifully designed  Knew I was going to love this charm as soon as I opened it. It's beautiful and very tasteful. I wear it combined with my gold cross as a reminder everyday. Worth every bit the money....such a deal. I have wanted "something" like this for a long time, but didn't want it to be too flaunty. This is perfect ladies. <end>
 B000FIT0OE  Rembrandt Charms Trombone Charm ||	  girlfriend loves it!  got this to go on a charm bracelet for my girlfriend for Christmas this year and she loves it! would recommend <end>
 B000FITV7A  Clearly Charming Febuary Amethyst Color Butterfly Birthstone Insect Animal Italian Charm ||	  Pretty Charm  Great charm, bought it for my daughter, she loves it! It is very pretty and looks exactly like the picture on Amazon. Good quality. <end>
 B000FIVNOO  Clearly Charming December Blue Zircon Color Butterfly Birthstone Insect Animal Italian Charm ||	  small  This product is far smaller than I thought and I actually tried to measure it before I purchased it. Also know their customer service is equally small. No cooperation and returns are made difficult. <end>
 B000FIZA0C  August Birthstone, Natural Peridot 0.40 Carat (4mm) Size Princess Cut Square Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Good buy  It was a great buy. my wife LOVED them. Showed up on time and was what I asked for. thanks again <end>  Very nice!  Very pretty, clean/clear and well-made;look just like the picture. Perfect size for my ears and show up really well. I am very pleased with these earrings! (The faceting is of the "square within a square within a square" type. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful!  I ordered these earrings and when they arrived, they were beautifully packaged and the earrings were stunning. They looked like they should have been way more expensive than they were. I absolutely love them! <end>  Beautiful!  These earrings are very sparkly and beautiful! Very well worth the money.....I was completely impressed by how nice they are! <end>  Fab-u-lous!  These earrings are very pretty, and the cut is lovely and makes it extra special. <end>  They'll do.  They're nice. We knew the quality to expect when getting a pair of earrings for less than $20 off the internet. We didn't expect them to be top-notch quality. While they are slightly different from each other, one is set a little higher than the other one, they are still pretty. They were meant as a just an extra Christmas present, so I'd rather keep them than go to the trouble of returning them. They arrived fast though. I'm rating this experience with 3 stars because they're good quality, just not exactly the same. <end>
 B000FJCXD8  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  arrived on time has not tarnished  I have had this over a year. It has not tarnished and looks smart, delicate and understated <end>
 B000FJDHC4  Amazon.com  Saka&#39;s Natural Shell Bronze Toned Metal Earrings - Ivory  Clothing ||	  again, got what i paid for  these earings looked so awesome in the picture, but when i got them i noticed they are made out of some sort of tin like metal. very cheap looking up close, but then again they were cheap sooooo. i wouldnt be so disapointed in them if the shipping wasnt so expensive, with that added to the price it wasnt worth the purchase. <end>  very very NICE..  I'm very pleased with this earrings.. I loved it.It is just slightly heavy but still it is so worth you money.I will sure shop again.. <end>  I did get these though..  I ordered these beautiful earrings and some other ones that I did not get. I did get these, they are a bit heavy. You can't beat the price though, I lOVE THEM!! <end>  Pretty, but Heavy  These were pretty, fun earrings. Only drawback was my ears hurt by the end of the day, because they weigh so much. But for the price, a great deal. <end>
 B000FJER1E  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  arrived on time has not tarnished  I have had this over a year. It has not tarnished and looks smart, delicate and understated <end>
 B000FJER1O  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  arrived on time has not tarnished  I have had this over a year. It has not tarnished and looks smart, delicate and understated <end>
 B000FK9J0M  Sterling Silver Emerald Green Resin Ring with Cubic Zirconia Stones ||	  Pretty... 0_0  This is GOR- GORGE- GORGU- REALLY PRETTY!!! (SORRY, MY SHIFT KEY IS BROKEN  D)MySimsMySims is a great game!!! It looks amazing... The ring would be pretty on me... Nachos are yummy... <end>
 B000FK9KP6  Sterling Silver Leaf Design Golden Yellow Resin Ring with Cubic Zirconia Stones ||	  Beautiful  This ring is beautiful. I wanted the green one like it but I love this one. It looks better than the picture! <end>  Contente!  Bague tr&egrave;s jolie, plus fine que sur la photo mais je suis tr&egrave;s contente de cet achat! De plus elle m'a &eacute;t&eacute; livr&eacute;e tr&egrave;s rapidement en seulement 4 jours. <end>
 B000FKBNHO  Sterling Silver Leaf Design Reddish Pink Resin Ring with Cubic Zirconia Stones size 7 ||	  Ring is Awesome!  The ring is absolutely awesome. The color is amazing and looks just as is described online. I would recommend this seller and ring to anyone. I had the blue just like it and lost it, and I was happy that I was able to get the reddish pink one. The ring is a long-lasting sturdy ring for everyday wear. Hope this review helps someone is deciding if this is the purchase for them! <end>
 B000FKEV4G  Sterling Silver Reddish Pink Resin Ring with Cubic Zirconia Stones Stars size 8 ||	  Love this ring  I love these ring, because my favorite color is pink. I have gotten many comments on these ring. It's comfortable and I would definetly recommend this ring to anyone who loves pink and sterling silver jewelry. <end>
 B000FKZ3K2  Sterling Silver Thin Stars Wedding Band Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  small stylish and comfortable  What a great little ring this is for the price!! The seller is awesome, shipped it immediately so I could wear it to an occasion. It's small, fits well, and looks good. And a great price too! <end>  Cute little ring!  The ring is exactly like the picture! I have another plain silver band, and this one is identical, except for the stars on it. I was looking for a stopper ring that had a little something extra to it, besides the plain silver. This is super cute without being 'childish.' I highly recommend it to anyone looking for an alternative to the plain band or who want something subtle for their fingers. <end>  Good ring, but it leaves a ring.  Love this ring. The stars are about as dark as pictured. Very comfortable although it feels thick to me. But I have small hands so that could just be me. My only complaint is it does turn my finger grey (Sterling Silver does that, I know, but it is annoying.) But I've heard after I wash it a few times and wear it in that should go away.Overall? Sturdy and for a good price! <end>  I love this ring so much that I bought two.  The picture of the ring doesn't do it justice; it is more subtle and substantial. I meant the ring as a guard for another ring that was getting too large, but the first ring was way smaller than the size I ordered. It only fit my pinkie, but I loved the look of it and decided to try again and ordered a larger size than what I ordered before. This one came back big enough to wear on my middle finger if I wanted, but it fits OK on my right ring finger. It acts as a guard for the bigger ring, but I also like to wear it by itself.I like wearing both side by side as well, and the star design is very peaceful yet empowering. If you like a classic looking band, you won't go wrong ordering this one. Size up or down from your regular ring size, depending on how you want to wear it. I think you'll love it as well. <end>  Stars ring  This is an awesome ring! I bought it to use as a thumb ring and it rocks! The stars are not dark as they appear in the picture but I like it the way it is! Highly recommend! <end>  PERFECT!  The ring was perfect, even prettier than the picture. It was polished well. Very shiny and whatnot. The sizing was exact. The stars were well-formed. I was worried that they'd be poorly stamped, but it really looks great. Overall, excellent value for the price.As for the seller... The rings I ordered were shipped the first business day after I ordered them. The package arrived just two days after that. Great deal, great service. I'll definitely order from Sabrina again. <end>
 B000FL06LW  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Ring 7/16 inch wide, sizes 5 - 13 ||	  Love this ring  This ring is a very beautiful and unusual celtic knot. It's well made and a heavier, larger size that I prefer for my index or a middle finger. It's a grat buy that I highly reccomend. <end>
 B000FL06X0  Sterling Silver Flower Link Ring 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  great product  Very quick service second time I have used this site and i love the products. <end>
 B000FL06Y4  Sterling Silver Flower Wedding Band Ring 3/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Kid's buy  I bought this ring because it had sunflowers on it. When I received it I was disappointed that it looks more like a kids ring instead of an adult ring. Great for kids, not adults.Good buy for the money. <end>
 B000FL071G  Sterling Silver Moon & Star Ring 3/8 wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Great.  I'm a big fan of rings. The picture on here is enlarged for the ring. It looks like the picture, however I was expecting the middle(the moon and star) to be a bit larger than it was. Anyways its a nice ring.( <end>  Silver Moon and Star Ring  If you like Moons & Stars, you must have this ring at this price!! <end>
 B000FL073Y  Sterling Silver Polished Turtle Wedding Band Ring 3/8 wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  turtle ring  its nice, but turns my finger green and none of my good sterling silver does <end>
 B000FL1E4A  Sterling Silver Spiral Rope Design Wedding Band Ring, sizes 6 - 10, 1/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  pretty, nice little ring  I'm wearing this ring as I type. It's pretty, true to the picture and true to size. This is a great, fun little bit of jewelry at a nice price. <end>
 B000FL3GN2  Sterling Silver Braided Wedding Band Ring, sizes 4 - 13 ||	  Love This Ring  First off the customer service was great. I ordered the wrong size by accident and didn't know it until at least an hour later. I had to contact CS to see if they could make the correction. They replied to my email within the hour and adjusted my order with no problem.The ring is of substantial quality. Nice size and weight. It can be worn by both men and women comfortably. I switch it between my middle and forefinger because it looks good on both and sometimes my fingers swell due to arthritis. It runs true to size and looks exactly like the image in the description. <end>  Disappointed  I was not at all happy with this ring when it arrived. It did not look at all like the picture, but flatter and rougher around the edges. Please note that the braiding does not go all the way around. This is clear in the picture, but I did not notice before I ordered it. Also, the sizing was a bit on the small side. <end>
 B000FL3GO6  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band / Thumb Ring, 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Poor Craftsmanship  Unlike in the photo, the ring doesn't have the design completely around the ring. There is about a two or three millimetre section that is solid silver. Also, some of the strands of silver look broken instead of woven under another strand like in the product picture. I would keep in mind that since the ring isn't a solid band, it may bend easily. <end>  Beautiful Jewelry Addition  This is a beautiful ring, substantial but not heavy. It is actually nicer than in the photo. It is suitable for both males and females. <end>  very nice  I agree with the other reviewer. This ring does look nicer in person. nice ring very good price <end>  Great! Sturdy!  This is much more durable than I would have thought. This was supposed to be a temporary fix. I got it for my hubby after he lost his $600 wedding band in a lake, then broke it's $200 replacement at work (he's a mechanic for the Army). In 2 years I had wasted $800 on him, so I got this at a much lower price, and figured it wouldn't last long. Well, it has been a few months. No scratches, it hasn't bent or discolored. I am thoroughly impressed!!! <end>  nice ring, good price  very pleased. this is a nice looking ring. i'm using it for a thumb ring. <end>  VERY poorly made  this ring is not sturdy in anyway whatsoever. It is not a "solid" band and it is not 1/4" thick...it is about 2mm thick and 1/4" wide. It arrived bent and has several disruptions/flaws in the design. Its luster is much brighter than the picture, but this is a horrible ring! I used to have a ring of the same design and was excited to replace it, until I received this one. ****NOT WORTH the MONEY***** it looks like it belongs in a bubble gum machine. Whoever is rating it highly is either lucky or lying. <end>
 B000FL3GSC  Sterling Silver Large Sunflower Ring 5/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Great Ring  Got this ring to wear with sunflower stud earringsStud Earrings Sterling Silver - Sunflowers. It is just as shown in the picture. A large sunflower, but not too big. It was true to size. I wear size 7, ordered a 7 and it fit perfectly. When I was in Seattle at Pike's Place Market recently, I found a pair of sunflower earrings on fixed shepherd hooks that make the studs and ring a complete set. Doesn't look like too much when all worn together. I'm pleased with my purchase. <end>  sunflower Ring  This ring is nice and larger than it appears I have no complaint if your thinking about buying it the price is rite. <end>
 B000FL4G7W  Pink Sapphire Ribbon Pendant in 10K White Gold ||	  Simple, Elegant  My wife is a big supporter of breast cancer prevention. She really enjoys this necklace, and the quality is very good. I bought it through Amazon, but it came from Littman Jewelers, so she is able to have it inspected and cleaned locally for free. White Gold and stones are very nice. Stones are a good shade of pink. <end>
 B000FL4GAO  Tanzanite and Diamond Pendant in 14K White Gold ||	  Pendant WAAAY TOO SMALL!  The pendant is almost as small as the earrings they set as purchase togeter, it says 1 inch lenght, but it's I guess around 10 centimeters(yes I like the MKS system more), soon I'll upload a video, as well, the box where the pendant comes, it's too large in comparison to the pendant, it makes it look even smaller that it already is. <end>
 B000FL50UY  Sterling Silver Moon & Star Ring 1/2 inch wide, size 9.5 ||	  Adorable!  This ring is super cute and looks great on. I have gotten a lot of compliments on it. The sizing was right on compared to what I normally wear too. <end>  fantastic ring!  i love the moon and stars and this ring was perfect!sometimes gets caught on stuff though bc it is pointy. <end>  Purchaced Ring/ Moon and Star Charm to match old earings  Great detail and nice product. I also paired the Sterling Silver Crescent Moon Charm Bracelet (B000C5JQ9Y), and put the Small Moon/Star Charm (B000RAKSVE) with a black 16" rubber cord, which has made a perfect set to match the earrings I bought years ago. I also have the Sterling Silver Crescent Moon Charm Anklet (B000C5FSCS) on my wish list, and am hoping I will get that for my birthday. -Over all great buy, and very cute pairing with similar pieces. <end>  Beautiful~  I love this ring so much! I get compliments on it all the time and it's in great condition!! &lt;3 <end>
 B000FL50VI  Sterling Silver Stars Ring 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Cute ring  Cute ring, but due to how the stars are formed to be how they are, they can bend easily when not worn, so be careful! <end>  nice cheap ring  its pretty and only 7 dollars but some of the stars are mishapen <end>
 B000FL50WM  Sterling Silver Elephant Link Wedding Band Ring 5/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 14 ||	  Value  This ring is value priced for being real silver, however it does get bent out of shape. I must be hard on rings of this nature, as it keeps getting rebent out of shape frequently. It was a good value though on a hard to find product in my ring size (10). <end>  Average quality  It's a nice ring, but looks more than a little weathered with obvious imperfections with some of the elephants. This could be part of the 'antique' look, though. <end>  Sterling Silvr Polished Elephant Band Ring  I love this ring. I wear it all the time. <end>
 B000FL5PS6  Marcasite, Black Onyx, and Mother of Pearl Sterling Silver Bar Ring Size 9(Sizes 6,8,9) ||	  Well-made beauty.  This is a great ring. The combination of colors and the excellent construction make this a good buy. <end>
 B000FLTJ1U  Sterling Silver Open Rectangular Pendant, 16" ||	  Fantastic jewlery  I have not had a chance to wear it. I bought both the pendant and the earrings. The earrings are nice and I have worn them. There are no signs of tarnish or discloration after wearring, unlike some other silver items that I purchased. <end>  Very Impressed!  If you can get this for the sale price of 60% off, dont hesitate! Just BUY IT! You wont be disappointed!I am in my late 20s, and own MANY pieces of jewelry... mostly white gold and diamond, so we can just say. I like nice things.This is definitely one of 'em and I was very surprised when I got these! They have a very nice weight to it, looks and feel very expensive, is VERY shiny and eye catching, and very well made..not to mention the design is definitely unique and different, yet sleek and stylish.Why only 4 stars and not 5? Because the pendent itself is nice and long, it made the chain look so short, when I first saw it, I wasnt sure how short it was! It didnt even look like at least 16". However, it does look good on, so it's okay!Buying jewelry online is a hit or miss; I usually end up returning 50% of my internet jewelry purchase, but I am definitely keeping these! You wont see them on anyone else!I also bought the matching earrings which received 5 stars from me. <end>  Really nice  The snake chain is lovely; the pendant itself is weighty and looks great when worn. I'm ordering another for a gift. <end>  nice for the price  i thought this item looked much better in person than online, although still true to the picture online. it was also much heavier in weight than i had anticipated too. i bought it for a christmas gift and the recipient was also very pleased with it. i think it's definitely worth the price. <end>  works for me  I got this as a birthday gift for my high-maintenance girlfriend and she was happy with it so it must be good! <end>
 B000FLVIBY  Sterling Silver Triple Strand Multi-Stone Necklace, 17" ||	  Overpriced.  Looks nothing like the picture - overpriced. I don't recommend this product to anyone - It looks like stones in the picture - but look like plastic in real life. I'm very dissapointed. <end>  Lovely necklace  This is a really lovely necklace that goes with many different outfits. The quality is very good, and is suitable for a person of almost any age. <end>  Nice but small  Even on the farthest link, this will be uncomfortably tight on my wife. It won't be horrible with an extension of some sort, but that shouldn't be necessary. Overall, it is very pretty and looks like a quality piece of jewelery - I just wish it was bigger. <end>
 B000FLVL20  14k White Gold Pink Tourmaline Butterfly Earrings ||	  Pink not nearly as bold as pictured.  Waited too long to return and sold elsewhere for a fraction of the price. Should have returned. Pink is not nearly as bold as pictured. <end>  Very small, pink stones do not stand out, looks like little gray blob on ear.  I bought these for my mom, she was very excited about them when looking at the picture online, when they arrived they turned out to be a big disappointment.The entire earring is tiny, the pink stones so small they hardly stand out against the silver, from not very far away at all, they just look like a gray blob, very hard to tell what shape. Not impressed, I suggest you look for something else.I will be returning these immediately <end>  Cute and sweet  My wife loved this small gift, they are quite attrative and do not break the bank. Would be a great gift for my daughter or niece as well. <end>  Highly recommended gift.  My wife really likes these...They're very nicely made, very delicate looking, and look very good on her. And that's worth 5 stars to me. <end>  pale colored stones  Metalwork is well-constructed, size is perfect for smaller earlobes. However, stones are pale compared with the photo. Stones are tiny as expected (they look flat on side view). I consider it a good buy for $39.99 but would not buy it at a higher price. <end>  Precious  I purchased two sets of these for my twin niece's birthdays and was very pleased with the quality. They are small, but perfect for precious little ears! <end>  perhaps for a little, little girl  These are indeed miniscule. On my pair, the pink tourmaline does not sparkle as shown in the picture. It is dull and waxy in appearance.These might work for a 2 year old. They are gold. At half price, it's a toss up if they are worth the money or not. <end>  Very cute  These earrings are very dainty. Some may think they are too small, but they are great to wear with a stud. They are very substantial in the setting and the cute velvet bag that they come in makes a great presentation for a gift. <end>  Only 1 problem  These earrings arrived in a very timely fashion. Upon going out to the porch to get them, I thought I had ordered much more than just earrings. The box was enormous, considering 1 tiny pair of earrings. In this age of trying to be environmentally conscious, I can't help but think there must be an alternative to this kind of shipping. Please consider some sort of different shipping medium. Other than that, they are beautiful and I can't wait to give them to my granddaughter. Thanks Amazon!14k White Gold Pink Tourmaline Butterfly Earrings <end>  For little girls only  This pair of earring is too small for anyone but a little girl (5 to 8yr.). It's REALLY small and would look silly on an adult or even a teen. With that said, it's kinda of cute. <end>  Small, but great price and quality  I snagged these gems for $40 for my 10 year old cousin who LOVES jewelery and her parents only buy her gold  ) She loved them...casual enough to wear everyday but really nice quality. They are quite small though...I wouldn't recommend them for an adult, but they are great for that special little girl in your life. <end>  A very nice gift  These earrings are very pretty and are going to make a very nice gift to my daughter who loves butterflies!! They are high quality and a bargain to boot!! <end>  Beautiful Butterflies  These white gold and tourmaline butterfly earrings are just lovely. They are small and delicate, but the detail makes them precious. I gave them to a niece for a birthday gift and she wears them often. <end>
 B000FLW8Y0  14K White Gold 1/3 ct. Diamond "Three of Hearts" Pendant with Chain ||	  Beautiful  My Husband and I incorporated our 3 month old daughter into our Wedding ceremony. We were looking for just the right piece of jewely that would be placed on her during the ceremony. We thought the 3 hearts were perfect. The smallest represents our daughter, the middle myself and the largest my husband. Of course she is too young for it now, but when she is old enough she will LOVE this piece as much as we do. It is stunning. <end>
 B000FLX5AG  14k Yellow Gold Diamond and Emerald J-Hoop Earrings (.10 cttw, I1, H-I) ||	  VERY SMALL  THESE EARRINGS WILL BE GREAT FOR A BABY OR YOUNG PERSON-THEY ARE TINY-NICE LOOKING AND APPEAR TO BE WELL MADE-BUT FOR AN ADULT I WOULD PASS! <end>
 B000FLYMGW  14k Yellow Gold and Peridot Children's Heart Pendant, 15" ||	  Real jewelry, real tiny  I was looking for a themed gift for the flowergirl in my garden wedding. I got the bridesmaids peridot jewelry, so this necklace seemed a natural choice. It's a great bargain for 14kt and semi-precious, but you get what you pay for. It's exremely small and the heart is thin and appears very easily breakable. The join between the heart and its hanger also looks pretty weak. I am going to advise her parents to take extra care with the handling of this piece.The peridot, however, looks perfect- nice and bright and a decent size. <end>  Small, small, small  I ordered this for my niece's birthday. The chain is delicate, and the heart with the stone is so, so small. The heart laid across your finger is barely visible. It appears much larger in the picture. <end>  tiny but cute  this pendant is extremely small. it's smaller than small. but it does look very pretty on my 10 yr old daughter. <end>
 B000FM3IFM  Sparkling CZ Starfish Rhodium-Plated Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace 16"-17" ||	  a lovely piece  I really love the star. It is a nice size, glitters and looks good on my silver chain. Thanks to Amazon for carrying a Star of David. SUZAN <end>
 B000FNCD3Y  Sterling Silver Yellow-Green Martini Cubic Zirconia Earrings ||	  The Perfect Gift  These earrings arrived only 2 days after I ordered them...in perfect condition.The quality is much more than I expected. They are terrific! <end>
 B000FNEGZ2  Pink Paradise Chandelier Earrings ||	  Earrings  Thanks for sending these so promptly. They are just a nice in reality as the photos. <end>
 B000FNEGZC  Baby Blue Blanchefleur Chandelier Earrings ||	  semi ok  They are very nice but i had to fix one of the earings because one of the strings weren't attached to the right hook but after that it was ok. <end>
 B000FNEH2E  Golden Nighttide Star Dangle Earrings ||	  CHEAP...CHEAP...CHEAP!  These earrings look just like you bought them at the dollar store...or even worse! I can't even impagine paying full price. <end>
 B000FNEH42  BABY PHAT Silver Tone THIN TRIANGLE CAT Dangle Earrings ||	  The cats fell off  These earings are very pretty but the cats break off very easily and mine are already broken <end>
 B000FNGL3M  Silver Sultry Selena Earrings ||	  beautiful  These are more pretty than their picture and they got here in time for Christmas <end>  Okay for the money  very inexpensive earrings. The picture is accurate but I guess I expected something a little more sparkly or lustrous in some way. Again, for only $5 I wasn't expecting Harry Winston, but still <end>
 B000FNGL46  Blue Bedelia Chandelier Earrings ||	  picture looks better  When I saw these earings, I thought, what a steal! But when I got them I realized why they were so inexpensive. You get what you pay for. They're okay for the price, but not what I was expecting. <end>  Beautiful Blue  Beautiful blue sterling silver earrings. Good quality silver as pictured. Speedy delivery. A+ <end>  cute  The earings are exactly what i pictured. They are very nice and not that expensive. <end>
 B000FNGL96  BABY PHAT Silver Tone CAT HOOP Earrings LARGE ||	  Baby Phat? REALLY ?  Not the best looking earrings. The babyphat logo is barely carved out all the way, and the metal is way too heavy to have hanging from someone's ear.This isn't sterling silver.I bought them as a gift for someone; She loved them, I'm so-so about them ! <end>
 B000FNGLCS  Sterling Silver Martini Cubic Zirconia Earrings ||	  Perfect Martini  These earrings are much nicer than I expected. Very high quality & absolutely adorable. <end>
 B000FNK6C4  1/10 cttw Round Diamond Channel-Set Single Stone 14k Yellow Gold Ring (H-I Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Good Buy  I purchsed this ring for my mother from amazon after researching lot in stores and internet. We knew how much 0.10 ctw diamond look like. So we received what we expected. The ring is awesome. It is as described with very good cut, SI2, H-I shiny diamond though it is just 0.10 but color , clarity and cut makes it different. Gold quality is fair and metal is sturdy with 3.4gm of weight. I have gained fair knowledge in diamond jewellery selection, i would say that this ring is true value for money. My mother just loved it. <end>
 B000FOX3IC  .925 Silver, Pink Shell & Paua Shell Pendant ||	  Beautiful!  The pendant was exactly as described and shown. It was a Christmas present for my daughter and she loves it. <end>
 B000FOYB9M  NCAA North Carolina Tar Heels 50-Inch-by-60-Inch Micro Raschel Throw "Property Of" Design ||	  Just what I expected.  I was replacing a lost Carolina throw and this throw was all I wanted and expected. Resonable price and the quality if good. Many games to watch in my recliner under my throw. Go Heels! Beat Duke <end>  Great blanket and worth the price!!  I purchased this blanket for my 10 year old son, who is a huge Carolina fan. He absolutely loves this blanket since it's so soft. It's fairly durable and well made. The blanket has quite a bit of softness to it and is fairly thick. At first I thought this was a bit expensive for a small, throw blanket, but after using it, washing it, etc... It's certainly worth the price. <end>  A nice gift, but won't provide a lot of warmth  I bought this throw as a gift for a Tarheels fan. I knew that he would like the Tarheels theme, but at a price of $20, I didn't have very high expectations for the quality of the throw. When he opened it, it was better than I expected. It was soft, but not as thin as I'd feared. (I worried it would be airline quality.) It's not thick by any means, but it was better than I expected, considering the price. It's probably not thick enough for most people to use to snuggle under on a cold night, but it is an inexpensive gift that I think would be appreciated by any Tarheels fan. <end>  Tar Heel Blanket  Very nice blanket. Very soft and pattern is a little more unique than you usually see. Would recommend... Makes a nice gift for any tarheel fan. <end>  Nice college gift.  I gave this to my niece for christmas and it was nice but would have liked to find one that was a real woven blanket like the one I got for her sister that attends NC State. <end>
 B000FP8LP6  Emily's Choice Necklace with Wood/Glass Beads ||	  Pretty necklace  Beautiful necklace. Looks better in person. If you like natural and woodsy you will enjoy this piece. <end>  Emily's Choice Resin Pendant Necklace with Wood/Glass Beads  I thought that it was made well and its also not very heavy, in fact it's quite light. I wish it was slightly longer but it doesn't really detract from the necklace at all. I was very happy with and for the price I thought that it was a good buy. <end>  Done a little crudely for my taste  The title about sums it up... Nice, but not very neatly done (at least, mine wasn't) - for instance, dried glue showed from underneath the round decoration on the square pendant. <end>  No availability  I was very disappointed  I tried to order this item and was informed that my order was cancelled because of "a lack of availability from our suppliers". Amazon needs to state that this is not in stock!! (forced star rating does not apply to actual quality) <end>
 B000FPD7TQ  Garnet necklace, 'Silver Octopus' ||	  Unique Necklace  This necklace is really unique and totally cute but not as big as I would have hoped, given the price. It is about 3 inches by 2 inches. The chain it came on was really nice though. <end>
 B000FPGKWM  Disk-Shaped Genuine Abalone Silvertone 16&quot; Necklace and Earrings Set Adjustable 16&quot; to 18&quot; ||	  Abalone jewelry set  Love this jewelry set. Very pretty. Was thinking it would be more heavy of a piece but it actually is very light weight. The necklace strands don't seem to lay smoothly due to the fishing line type of string used but I don't mind. <end>
 B000FPISIG  PalmBeach Jewelry Pav Diamond Accent 18k Yellow Gold over Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings ||	  Pleased pink  Had been looking for some time for diamond earrings. They were perfect, exactly as described and arrived right on time.Would highly recommend. <end>
 B000FPKL5O  Baby Phat Hoop Earrings ||	  I like them but I wouldn't buy again  These earrings are excellent if, like me, you adore babyphat as far as looks go, however, they are VERY heavy in your ear, if I wear them all day & into the eve my ears are terribly sore by the time I take them out. I love hoop & dangly earrings so I'm used to a little weight, but these are pretty bad. Just for an evening out or dinner or something, they're fine, but beware the length of time or suffer the consequences lol (I usually suffer  -D ). They're also fairly cheaply made (made in china kind of says it all) but if you have a look your going for, they will prob finish it off nicely. <end>
 B000FPLQOY  PalmBeach Jewelry 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Mesh Bracelet 7 1/4&quot; ||	  Excellent!  I bought this bracelet for my girlfriend's mom a while back and she still loves it. She wears it a lot and not just when I'm around. It looks great and shiny and slides really well on the wrist, definitely a success, thank you Amazon and Palm Beach Jewelry. <end>
 B000FPLQYO  PalmBeach Jewelry 18k Yellow Gold over Sterling Silver Spiral Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These are beautiful earrings but I could not get them to stay in my ears. I think it was my piercing and not the fault of the earrings. <end>
 B000FPVLQ2  Cute Stretchy Chinese Turquoise Chip Bracelet ||	  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000FPYXOY  Cute Stretchy Prehnite Chip Bracelet ||	  Prehnite you're cute  I had never seen prehnite before and based on the picture and the price of $1.99 for their chip bracelet I thought I'd just go ahead and buy it. The bracelet came today and it's quite cute---pale green with mossy patches on some of the chips. <end>
 B000FQ0Q4Y  Cute Stretchy Snow Quartz Chip Bracelet ||	  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000FQ295S  Ohaus SP401 Scout Pro Portable Balances, 400g Capacity, 0.1g Readability ||	  Well designed functional scale  Everything worked as advertised and It looks like it will be very durable. I like the nice wide base but I wouldn't mind a bubble level and adjustable legs. I think they are available on the higher end models, probably not necessary for only weighing in .1 gram increments. The seller advertised this scale as having the larger square platform but it only has the round circular tray. Not a huge deal but I would have like the extra surface area. <end>  Not as advertised  Product listed as "Ohaus SP401 400gx0.1 W Rs232 Scout Ii Portable Balance"When received found it does NOT have RS232 option. <end>  Great scale  Takes about 6 seconds at start up, simple tare and operation, flawless opperation on batteries so far. Great buy at $128. <end>  works as adverstised  Happy with the scale so far - don't know about durability over time - will try to update - AC cord and battery operated - easy to read LCD numbers - easy to use tare and on/off - solid construction - plastic and Stainless Steel round tray <end>
 B000FQ9A7S  Two Tone Braided Collar Necklace - Amber ||	  Another A+  This is the fourth or fifth item I've gotten from Nvie Designs and I love it. Everyone compliments me on the jewlery and my friends are always asking to borrow them. This necklace is great for casual or dressy occasions. It arrives quickly as well! <end>  definitely worth the investment  The necklace is rather sturdy & well made - considering the price. It is really nice & I've received many compliments. <end>  SUPRISINGLY WELL MADE !!  I have to give these necklaces 5 stars. I bought it in all three colors ~ blue, green and amber ( I'd call it brown ). They look just like the pics. For $5 I really don't expect much and am rarely disappointed !! I was really quite pleasantly surprised at the workpersonship (is that a word?).They are cute and fun and $5 ! What's not to love ?? <end>
 B000FS5ALQ  Amber, Citrine and Jade Dangle Earrings ||	  Most satisfied  These earrings are just beautiful. The picture does not do them justice. So delicate and striking!! <end>  Love 'Em!  Since I bought them, I've grown my hair longer so I wish they were larger. But, they are adorable when I wear my hair up. Love all the gem earrings from this maker. <end>
 B000FS74SI  Earrings - Blue Agate with Silver Wire Wrap ||	  One of my favorites from Curous Designs  These are definitely versatile earrings. They can go fancy or casual. I wear these to work or out to dinner. A winner! <end>  Adorable and lovely!  I bought these to match a blue agate cameo and they matched perfectly. The earrings are light and super cute. I love them. They are casual, but not too casual to pair with my cameo and a nice outfit. These will be worn with jeans, too!LOVE THEM! I would even purchase them in other colors, too. I'm picky, so if I was satisfied, you will be, too!THANKS AMAZON! <end>
 B000FSB04W  Sterling Silver Prayer Box with Floral Designs ||	  Lovely!  I put a little prayer in this and gave it to my mom for Christmas. She loved it! The quality was very nice. I recommend this product. <end>  Beautiful prayer box necklace!  I purchased this prayer box necklace for my sister in law for Christmas, not only was it packaged perfectly, it was beautiful. The quality was better than I expected and she was very pleased with it. <end>  Beautiful  Bought this as a gift, very pretty. <end>
 B000FSB056  Sterling Silver Prayer Box with Floral Design ||	  Great detail, sturdy  I actually purchased this prayer box to hold ashes. I put a small amount of ashes into a piece of plastic and then simply placed it in the box. This is a nice, heavy sturdy piece of jewelry, and the hinged lid stays closed. I have even slept in this necklace with no damage to the piece. Excellent product, especially for the price I paid. <end>  Love It  This is a very cute necklace! I bought it a while ago here on Amazon. I wrote down some prayers/wishes on little pieces of paper, put them into the box, and wore it. All my prayers came true! And I've gotten so many compliments on it. I've also bought another one and given it as a gift--very unique. <end>
 B000FSFL74  18K White Gold 'Love' Earrings ||	  Wonderful earrings  I bought these on sale for $186.95 back in October of 2007. I love the look of sterling silver, but wanted to invest in white gold. They say 18K is really good for white gold. I love the style of these. They are chunky and unique looking. I wear them all the time. Excellent quality. <end>
 B000FSHHO4  Sterling Silver Men's 6.5mm Cuban Link Bracelet - 8" ||	  Excellent!  This was a first-time jewelry gift for a man (first time for him to receive jewelry, first time for me to give to him) I was exceptionally pleased with the supplier  prompt service, excellent quality of product. The recipient was thrilled with the gift. The whole experience was everything I could hope for. I would definately purchase from this supplier again. Thank you, Amazon, for another great shopping experience. <end>  Misleading picture...  Product's picture was misleading. I thought I was buying a cuban/curb link bracelet. It got delivered promptly in a nice velvet box. But they sent me a cuban squared link bracelet. It looked awful and tacky for my taste. I contacted seller several times trying to simply exchange it for another merchandise. I was told to go online and order replacement piece. It's been showing as not available for 3 weeks. Finally I decided to return product for a refund on 5/02. Todays is 5/14, I already paid my credit card and I haven't seen my money back. Seller never called me to solve issue. By the way, because the bracelet cost 5 cents less than the minimum requirement to get "free shipping" status, I had to pay for shipping. After I got the product delivered, I went online and the very same product was eligible for free shipping. I also had to pay shipping for returning the product. Netaya fooled once. There won't be a second time!! <end>
 B000FSHILG  Sterling Silver & Peridot Cross Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Peridot Cross Necklace  This was a gift from my son to me. He e-mailed me a gift certificate, so I picked out my own present. Peridot is my birthstone. I am very happy with the quality of the stones and the necklace. <end>  Beautiful  I am extremely satisfy with this product. I have to say that it was beyond my expectation. The color is same as pictured and the necklace is very delicate. The workmanship is phenomenal. I am planning on buying one for my mother and sister. <end>  Peridot Cross  Bought two for gifts. I was impressed with the quality of the workmanship. The stones are beautiful. I would not hesitate buying a piece of jewelry with the Netaya label on it ever. <end>  A very pretty pendant!  Was looking for a piece of Peridot jewelry for a friend's August birthday and found this pendant. I was very pleased with what I saw when it arrived! This is a very pretty pendant, and it was packaged in a lovely gift box with the seller's name on it. I would not hestitate in purchasing from this seller again. This will make a lovely gift for my friend! <end>
 B000FSHIPC  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz & Marcasite Ring - size 7 ||	  Beautiful and understated  This is a very beautiful ring. It arrived in a ring box in perfect shape, and it looks just like the picture online. The stone color is pretty light for a blue topaz, more like an aquamarine but still very lovely. I love the asymmetric design and the delicate detail. A great ring for everyday wear! <end>  very pretty ring but not for everyone  This ring was very reasonably priced. The stone was of good quality and color. The amount of silver was more than ample. I am only giving this ring 4 stars because of the design, which I felt lacked balance. All of the marcasite embellishement was to one side, giving it a lop-sided appearance. Another person might find the design lovely. It arrived in a very cute shiney box with an attached bow. It would make a nice surprise in a Christmas stocking for a young girl or teen. <end>
 B000FSIZUE  Sterling Silver Rolo Link Round Charm Bracelet - 8" ||	  Felt EXTREMELY Cheap  I was highly disappointed with this item. It took forever to get here and then when it did it looked and felt so cheap. It is extremely light weight and feels like plastic. I have A LOT of sterling silver and this is not real!! If you're thinking about buying this, think again!! You'd be better off to go with a different one from a different company!! <end>
 B000FSMXPM  18K Woven Lined Hoop Earrings ||	  Love these earrings...NY  These are my everyday earrings. They are not too heavy and the clips are comfortable. They were delivered timely and packaged very well. <end>
 B000FSMZ50  10K White Gold Fancy Diamond Cut Dangle Earrings ||	  A great value  These earings are well worth the price! The earings are very nice and a great value and I do not feel overly concerned about wearing them daily. I now have a favorite pair of earings! <end>  Not like the picture  THis product looked nothing like the picture. It was very small and did not sparkle. I had to purchase other earrings, instead. <end>  Great  These were a christmas gift for my sis in law, I had them shipped to her, and although I didn't physically see them, she loves them, so I guess they are beautiful. <end>  10K Fancy Diamond Cut Dangle Earrings  This is a Christmas present for my daughter. They are beautiful and I am sure she will love them. <end>
 B000FSN08Q  14K Blue Topaz Solitaire Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Fast shipping but poor quality  This is an OK looking necklace when you see it personally. I was surprised to see that the back of the pendant is open, with no gold over the back of the setting. It is merely a low quality 4 prong setting. I noticed immediately that the stone was not set tightly. Because the back is open I could literally feels the stone moving just by touching it with my finger. Even for that low price the back of the pendant should be covered in gold because I imagine that even wearing the pendant with with exposed facets of the stone might poke your neck. The company shipped this VERY fast, but that was the only redeeming quality. This will be the first and last time I order jewelry from Netaya. <end>
 B000FSN158  Sterling Silver Polished/Textured Mesh Link Bracelet - 7" ||	  Excited..  When I finally got to see the bracelet I ordered I was more than happy. The bracelet was very beautiful for a mesh style bracelet. Layered with the center being a tad raised which added to the depth. The bracelet was heavy in weight which made it definantly feel worth it's value. Comes in a pouch, wrapped around a pillow. Overall I'm very happy. Bought as a bridesmaids gift for my sister, lucky if mom doesn't end up with it first! <end>  Bracelet  This is an ok bracelet. Not wide enough for me. It will make a good gift for a friend. <end>
 B000FSN1IU  Sterling Silver 7mm Square Blue Topaz Lever Back Earrings ||	  Excellent!!!  I was very impressed with the quality and beauty of these earrings. Great value for the money!!!! <end>  Quality Jewelry  The earrings were delivered in a timely way, and appear as advertised  nice color of the stones and a simple beautiful setting. For that price, what more can you ask for? I wore them the day I received them. <end>  very nice for the money  These earrings are very lovely, topaz has good color. received a lot of complements at work. good buy for the money. <end>  Solid earrings for the price  These earrings are pretty, and since I got them at something like 60% off MSRP I can't really complain. Based on the pictures, I was expecting the blue to be a little deeper--in the ones I received, it is very pale <end>  LOVE THEM!  I love these earrings! Beautiful color, perfect size and shape. Goes with all of my other Blue Topaz Jewelry. Would buy more of them in other stones!!! <end>  Blue Topaz a Hit!  It's always scary to buy presents on-line, especially jewelery, but these were a hit with my wife. The earrings aren't too heavy but certainly look substantial and have a nice color. Nice quality especially for the price. <end>  Blue Topaz and sterling earrings  I am so pleased with my purchase. The earrings are of fine quality, and the price was just right for my budget. I know I will receive many years of pleasure and hopefully pass them down to my granddaughters. <end>  Great Gift  i gave this to my mother as a gift and she absolutely loves it. she wears these almost all the time and has gotten many compliments. for this price they're definitely worth it. <end>  Be careful - Reviews may not be as they appear  The earrings look OK - certainly not like the picture, but they seem nice enough. I don't have a great eye for this sort of thing, so we'll see how it goes. She could love them.The big problem I have is that I selected these in part because of the quantity/quality of positive reviews but there is another reason they are there  Inside the packaging, it says if you review your purchase here on Amazon, you'll be entered in a once a month drawing for diamonds.That's some BS. Very easy/scummy way to get people to write positive reviews, whether justified or not. I guarantee some of these 5* ratings come from people who are just doing so for the shot at free diamonds.It might still be a good purchase, but be careful. <end>  Pretty!  These are as they were expected. the stones are very light blue and reasonably substantial. really pretty. <end>  Perfect earrings  purchased as a gift and she loved them. The color of the stones are true blue topaz and the quality is outstanding for the price <end>  Great looking  I love these earrings. I love the way they fit and feel. Would highly recommend these as they are really pretty cut and shaped stones. <end>  Lovely earrings  These earrings are a beautiful shade of blue, nice sized stones and very pretty, just as they were described. I gave them as gift but Ilike them so well that I may get a pair for myself. <end>  Nice earrings  These were a gift for a friend. The earrings appeared to be well made with a nice clasp, so for the price I'm hard put to ask for more. <end>  Glitter  These earrings were ordered for my daughter for her Christmas gift and they look beautiful!! The Topaz jumps out and is like a piece of sky encased in silver. <end>  disappointed a bit...  One of the earrings came defected; the front was facing back!The earrings are pretty but seriously, they look like $25 earrings. (or even less) <end>  Framed Blue Topaz Earrings  The silver frames on the blue topaz stones sets them off beautifully. My wife loves them so much that I bought the similar framed garnet earrings. <end>  Very nice earrings  I was pleasantly surprised by these earrings as they are even nicer looking than I had expected. The topaz are both quite deeply colored and very well matched. The only reason I gave these 4 stars instead of 5 is that I wish they were white gold instead of silver. But overall, lovely earrings at an excellent price. <end>
 B000FSSZL8  Cable Chain Necklace Sterling Silver 1.00mm Available in Sizes ||	  small but sturdy  The chain is very tiny in width but sturdy- good for smaller pendants, which is what I got it for. The delivery time for this company was awesome! I ordered on a wednesday night (11pm) and had it at my house sat. morning with just the standard shipping. They sent out confirmation e-mails too so I knew exactly when it was shipped and the shipping code so I could track it if necessary. <end>  Beautiful!  Just got this today...and its the sweetest little chain. Really sparkles. Thin but appears sturdy for my small pendant. The length is true to size and just what I wanted. <end>
 B000FSSZQI  Circle Rolo Chain Necklace Sterling Silver 1.50mm(available in Different Sizes) ||	  Good Chain  This is a good chain and you definitely can't beat the price. I wear this with a Mizpah pendant that I got for me and my boyfriend and its danty enough that it doesn't compete for attention. So far i've had it for a little over 2 months and it has not tarnished, and it's been to the gym with me with sweat. <end>
 B000FSUEUS  Sterling Silver 1.50mm Cable Chain Necklace (Available in 7, 8, 16, 18, 20, 24, and 30 Inches Sizes) ||	  Wonderful chain  Ireceived the exact chain I ordered. The chain arrived earlier than expected. The box was in excellent condition. I wear this chain everyday and it is free from tangles. I highly recommend this company for its excellent service <end>  Nice looking chain; good quality  I ordered this chain in the 16" length. It is a sturdy chain of good quality with a strong lobster-type clasp, which is a nice bonus. To me the links are a bit more open than they appear in this photo. I had decided on a thicker chain (1.5 mm) because I wanted something that would be strong enough to hold a slighter larger pendant. This chain definitely works well for that purpose, but I'm not crazy about the appearance--in the end, I think I would have preferred a more delicate-looking chain, as both the shininess and the link pattern of this one gives it a less expensive look. However, for both the price and the sterling silver material, it is a nice little chain. <end>  Perfection!  Bought this a few months ago to go with a pendant I had bought; it's perfect.I like the size, seems to go with everything perfectly.Clasp is real easy to work with.Not one complaint at all! <end>
 B000FSWAAA  Sterling Silver 1.25mm Twisted Box Chain Necklace (Available in 16, 18, 20, 24, and 30 Inches Sizes) ||	  Excellent  This is pretty nice, and its long, just what i wanted, but the box chain thing, the twisted effect doesn't really show sooo, yeh, that removes a start, but this is a really nice chain... excellent <end>
 B000FUACD0  Sterling Silver Channel Set White CZ Eternity Band Ring Size 7(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  SS Channel Set Eternity Ring  Do not recommend this ring at all. Even though it is channel set, the stones keep falling out. The first stone had fallen out within an hour of the first time my mom wore it. She didn't do any housework or whack the ring on anything either. <end>  Looked nice when new but later......  This ring looked nice when new. The description states it's sterling silver. My wife wore it for about two weeks and the shiny finish started to peel. I assumed it was solid sterling, but it appears to be plated with sterling silver. A darker silver colored metal is under the peeled surface. I would not buy this item again. <end>
 B000FUYXY4  Anklet - Triple Stranded, Indonesian Tradewind Beads ||	  Perfectly Pleased  I loved this beautiful, simple, yet complex anklet. It was a gift that almost did not get given because everyone who saw it, inducing myself wanted it. My friend was pleased to get it after hearing the story of how it almost was not! <end>  Beautiful  This anklet looks just as it does in the picture and I am very happy with this pretty thing. I wear it very regularly, taking it off only when I step into water. <end>
 B000FV3GM8  Clearly Charming August Peridot Color Paw Print Birthstone Cat Dog Bear Animal Theme Italian Charm ||	  pawprint birthstone  This was a gift for someone. when i received it and looked at them they were just as expected. she loved it. <end>  beautiful charm  This charm was much nicer in person than it appears in the photo. My mom loved it. Shipping was fast also. <end>
 B000FVUC84  Titanium 6mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Nice, simple ring  I wanted a simple wedding ring, and this product fits the bill. I would have given it 5 stars, but the actual color is more like stainless steel and not the silver it appears to be in the picture. The ring is very smooth inside and out and is comfortable to wear. The outer surface is gently rounded, so it has more of a profile that a completely flat ring, but it's not obtrusive. Some scratches are already visible after 2 days of wear, but that's to be expected. At least I know it's not going to get bent out of shape! <end>
 B000FVXTIO  Tungsten 6mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Solid Value, Great Ring  This ring is far more beautiful in person! The brushed portion is more pronounced than in the picture. The ring is heavy and feels solid. It is very comfortable and I have received numerous compliments. The price is amazing considering what jewelry stores charge for a similar item. You can't go wrong! <end>  Loved it!  I bought this ring for my boyfriend and he loved it! It is beautiful in person. <end>
 B000FW2MEU  Stainless Steel Bicycle Chain Bracelet Solid Link 3/8 inch wide, sizes 8, 8.5 & 9 ||	  Nice bracelet at a nice price  This bracelet has a nice weight and feels solidly constructed. While it is adjustable, just how it is adjustable is a bit deceptive. The links appear to be held together by screws. In actuality, the links are held together by rivets (for the lack of a better word) that are pressed into a hollow shaft. So instead of unscrewing the pins, you actually have to pry them apart. With that bit of knowledge, it's fairly easy to adjust the size of the bracelet. My personal suggestion is to use a toothpick or straight pin to put a drop of super glue into the hollow shaft when replacing the rivet to help prevent it from working loose. Also worth noting is that because of the overlapping link structure, the links have to be removed in a "set" of outer and inner links so they'll fit correctly. Now that mine is just a few links smaller, I love this bracelet. <end>  Could be better.  Being into the world of metal, this thing was quite neat looking on the site. Once it was opened and taken out of the box is another thing. I think I was hoping for just a plain polished stainless steel piece, what I got was a stainless steel piece with a chrome or silver plating. The plating makes the links of this thing hard to move. I find that it binds up alot especially in the center. I gave it 3 stars cause of the plating and overall look of it. I was hoping for a rugged looking chunk of chain and what I got was a quirky lil ornamental thing.Not amazons fault nor the fault of the seller, I should have looked a lil better at what I was buying. Overall, nice piece just not what I was expecting. I kept it though and do wear it. <end>  Nice bracelet, cheap looking package  The bracelet is nice and solid. It comes in a cheap plastic bag and at first I was disappointed. When taking the bracelet out though, it is well made and if it holds up, might be worth the price. Other than having to repackage it to give it as a gift, I am happy with it. <end>  very nice bracelet  i love this bracelet,i got the bracelet earlyer then i expected (7 days).thanks a lot guys <end>  TOO THIN  THIS BRACELET IS PERFECT FOR A YOUNG LADY BUT IT'S TOO THIN FOR A MAN UNLESS YOU ARE A RACE HOURSE JOCKEY( 5 FOOT 105 LBS.) <end>  good service  I got this bracelet extremely fast. Unfortunuately my boyfriend did not like it. I sent it back and received a refund. Very pleased with the service. <end>
 B000FW4LNK  Stainless Steel and Rubber Bracelet, 8 inch long with Greek Key Design, 8 inch long ||	  Very nice bracelet  Very nice bracelet. Picture doesn't do it justice. Substantial piece of jewelry with very good detail. Description says adjustable, I don't see how, but fits an 8.5" wrist comfortably. Not a fold over clasp, however. It's a secure clasp of type I've not seen before. The best description is that of a "pin-receiver" clasp. One end has a pin that resembles the top end of a small nail. The other end (receiver end) uses a spring loaded latch. Little buttons on both sides of the "receiver" release the pin. Both buttons must be squeezed making accidental release unlikely. Seems very secure. The picture shows the clasp. <end>  I am not satisfied  I am not satisfied with this product, I paid almost $54 for it and it looks like it was used, and have some defects or damages. Also, the metal dosen't shine as a new one. <end>
 B000FW61TW  Stainless Steel Oval Bangle For men, 8 inch ||	  Nice bracelet. Not for large wirsts, more like petite or women's  This is a nice bracelet, for someone who can wear it. Fortunately, Sabrina is easy to work with and returning the bracelet was easy. The real size on this bracelet is 7.25 inches.If merchants read these reviews, then please read this..PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE provide ACCURATE sizing for your bracelets. Yeah, I know I can e-mail you and find out, maybe, but YOU need to remember that 99% of ALL purchases are impulse buys. They don't wait to send an email and hope they get the answer they want, if at all. Let me help you if you don't already know how to measure the bracelet size.* Cuffs and bangles  Measure the INSIDE perimeter of the bracelet using a fabric tape measure with the bracelet in the closed position (if you don't know your perimeter from your diameter, please look it up in the dictionary). Don't measure the outside. You wear the bracelet on your wrist, not the other way around. Don't measure across the width (diameter). Most people can't measure accurately across the width of their wrist without removing their hand, so don't make them do that.* Chain type. They're easy. Lay them flat and measure end to end. That means from the tip of the clasp to the tip of the ring.* Segmented type. Measure the same as you should for cuffs and bangles.' BUYERS should use a fabric tape and measure LOOSLY around their wrist, preferably the wrist on which they plan to wear the bracelet. Believe it or not, that left wrist isn't the same size as the right. If you want it loose, add one quarter inch or more. If you like the fit a little snug, order by the measurement. <end>  Not as stated!  I purchased this men's oval bangle for myself and to get to the point ...it was too small!A detailed decription would be helpful instead of one size fits all.Saying one size fits all inplies that it runs larger than normal however in this case it seemed to run smaller.Don't know if this was helpful...good present a child an adult no! <end>
 B000FW61UG  Solid Stainless Steel Cable and Rubber Bracelet, 8 inch long ||	  Awesome quality  From first glance, I knew this would be a good buy. Some people may frown on the steel look, but the way this bracelet was put together is nothing short of excellent. Doesn't bind, bend or twist in odd directions. Firm and solid. Fits exactly as they say it does. A must buy from Sabrina Silver <end>  This is a great bracelet!  (I'm using my mom's account) The title pretty much says it all. I'm a 17 year-old guy, and I thought it looked cool, so I bought it, wary of the 4-star review, but needing a cool bracelet. Far from being disappointed, I am elated to own this bracelet. I've gotten many compliments as it looks both stylish and modern. It's made well, and it has a rather striking look. I'm very happy with this! <end>  disappointing  while very sharp looking, the clasp is VERY difficult and fiddly. within days the cable had come undone. contacted retailer who offered to repair it but did not offer to cover shipping. when i mentioned i lived abroad, heard no more.... <end>  Not bad  The bracelet is made of nice materials and is well made. It's a little stiff due to the surgical steel middle band, but otherwise great.Notice that the metal bars on the three stands slide - so if you get them caught on something or move them they will slide up and down the bracelet which causes some shaving of the rubber strands. <end>  Disappointing....  I've purchased this type of jewelry before but this one did not fit well; it wasn't sturdy; it fell apart after a week of wearing it. VERY DISAPPOINTED! I would not recommend purchasing this. Go to a store and try it on and fell the sturdyness of the item. <end>  Not what it appears to be  Pictures look good but product isn't. Probably a cheap thing from China with big mark up. Clasp doesn't work well either and is very thin. Save your money. Will probably never wear mine. <end>  Looks Nice - Not Very Durable  I got one of these bracelets for my boyfriend. He loved the look and feel of it, but immediately after trying it on, the center cable came out of the end holder. Ended up returning it. Seller did make the return process very easy, so that was a big plus. Maybe mine was just defective, but I wasn't going to risk it again - ended up getting a different product. <end>  Better than it looks  I gave this product a shot because it is very inexpensive compared to similar items. My low expectations were exceeded quickly. It's very attractive and well (if simply) constructed. My friends all think I paid $100+ for it, but it was under $30 with shipping. Plus I have very large wrists and it is plenty big. Thanks for reading. <end>  Very Nice Bracelet - Shipped immediately  This is a very solid, well made bracelet, shipped from Los Angeles so I got it NEXT DAY!!! <end>  Sylish bracelet!  The silver steel and black rubber look good together and match well with any outift. But, the clasp is a little hard to undo and lock on. <end>  very dissatisfied  This bracelet is not very durable it broke after my husband wore it twice. I had to send it back and get a refund. I would'nt recommend this for anyone. <end>  too small  this is a fantastic braceless but u can only wear it if ur a skeleton or something close to it. And the clasp is next to impossible to figure out how to open....i finally did get it open. I think that someone should let the people know how TINY it is before they go waste their money on it. Its nicely made, but there isnt much of it. <end>  Not Worth the Money  This bracelet did not fit well at all... it didn't help that the bracelet was warped. The clasp was very difficult to use as well. I have purchased other items from Sabrina before and have been very happy but this one is going back. <end>  Pretty nice  Nice quality, just not sure if it's worth the price listed. Other than that, nice quality product.. <end>  Stylish  I really like this bracelet but the metal is easily scratched. I wear it pretty much daily but since I am a girl, I wish it weren't bracelet for males. (Over-sized for me for obvious reasons.) <end>  Great Catch!  At first, I thought this bracelet doesn't fit in my big wrist but I was wrong. Great catch in a worth price. It took 3 days (Standard Shipping) and I have the item. Simple, Durable and stylish bracelet. Thank you and I loved it. <end>  Great product!  I bought this product as a present. The person loves it and it's great for casual occasions or for going out. <end>  returned!  i thought it would be flexible but it was exactly the opposite. it's rock hard. <end>
 B000FX1C40  Sterling Silver Coiled Wirework Ear Cuff Pair Earrings ||	  kwad  I absolutely love this cuff. You can open it wider so it can fit easily to your ear. I've been using it daily and I haven't had problems with losing any of the set I got. It's a good buy. <end>  Ear Cuffs  This is my first review on Amazon. I bought these ear cuffs about a month ago and I love them. I don't have pierced ears and my ear lobes a very sensitive, so I have never worn very many clip on type earrings. When I bought these, I didn't know what to expect. However, I soon found out that they are super comfortable. Sometimes I forget that I have them on until I tuck my hair behind my ear. I have bought ear cuffs from other companies since then, but these silver beauties have the best fit for my small ears. I highly recommend these ear cuffs for anyone with sensitive ears or who wants the look of a conch piercing without the pain and healing time. <end>  Cartilge ear adornment without the pain of piercing  I like these cuffs very much..I am the kind of person that likes the look of a cartilage earring but I've tried it twice and could not bear the pain SO! no cute cartilage without soreness and pain Yep I'm all about cute without pain! <end>  yay  the earrings were lovely and they arrived quickly. They are very elegant and the best ear cuffs i have owned. it is also great that they are sold as a pair!!! <end>  Ear cuffs  I bought this pair of cuffs to share with my best friend. I loved them, but I do not recommend them for children. They are delicate and easily bent out of shape in the care of a child. Just FYI if you are gift giving. I was very please with my purchase. <end>  Lovely, comfortable, and versatile  I received a pair of cuffs and wear one almost all the time. These are easily adjustable and don't pinch, though I can't make them curl to fit the top of my ear. <end>  Missing earing, other then that I love it  I only recieved one of the two cuffs I had purchased. I love the cuff that I purchased and use it, i was just very disapointed when i only recieved one. <end>  Pretty  These ear cuffs are very dainty and can easily be adjusted.I love them! <end>  Good Product  This is a good product. A little narrow in width but still good for the price. <end>  awsome cuffs  I love these ear cuffs. I have received numerous compliments and they go with everything. I wear sterling silver balls where my ears are pierced and a cuff mid ear on each ear. <end>  LOOOOVEE!  These are so super cute. They are fashionable statement for someone who doesn't want the commitment of a real cartilage piercing. I get many compliments. I wear one at a time, and they look very real from a fair distance. If I wear for too long, they do make my ear hurt a little bit. <end>  I LOVE THESE  I just recieved my ear cuffs today in the mail, and let me tell you, they're so cute! The ear cuffs are very small and dainty but still noticeble, I highly reccomend you buy these! &#128515; <end>  Ear cuff  These cuffs are a great alternative to getting a piercing. They are not as comfortable as most reviewers say they are. After wearing them awhile I can feel some pain in the area where the cuff is. Not sure if it's because it's too tight or not because I can still move the piece around freely without give. Used to wear it everyday, now it is just a few days a week.Also, for the price, it is a little bit high if you factor in shipping cost as well. The bag it comes in may seem like a good deal, but the bag itself isn't great or even that useful. <end>  Sterling Silver Ear Cuffs  These are great, small, but quite noticeable. Stay on very well and still gives a classic look. I wasn't sure if these were still around, they were the "big thing" in the 80's, but today, anything goes, and they look very good dressed up or dressed down. I actually love them. <end>  Great product  This product, even though smaller than I imagined, fits PERFECTLY on the ear, bending slightly without distorting the shape. The design is elegant and sophisticated so as to be worn both casually and formally. <end>  Ear Cuffs  This is a great item. Fits well, doesn't hurt, made well. Bends in and out well to put on ear. Sometimes I leave it in and sleep in it. I can't wear earrings because my earlobes tear out and this is the perfect solution. <end>  Pure Perfection!  These look very cute, versatile, and simple. They bend easily. The teeny tiny size is perfect for my small ears. The detailing is lovely. These are easy to put on and take off. They are so comfortable that today I thought they fell out because I couldn't feel them all day long. I wore these to sleep once and they didn't fall off. They stay on firm, but not painfully tight. Great price. These are a must-have! <end>  sterling silver cuff wire work earrings  this is a beautifull pair of silver wire worked earrings that young ladies will enjoy the item was not as large as i would have liked but i know my neice who is 12 will adore.. as she can not wear pieced earrings. other then that the price was very reasonable and someone really took the time to make them..packaging was very nice in a velete pouch. and the price was very fair.. very good choice for a gift for someone in your family.. <end>  Great Product!!!  I love this product! It is really bright silver and is very comfortable. It's also a great relief to have a pair, because if you lose one, you have another. Also, shipping was really fast! I'd HIGHLY recommend this. <end>  Adorable  I can no longer wear pierced earrings due to an allergic reaction to the metal. However, I seem to be able to wear metal as bracelets & rings, so I thought I would try some ear cuffs to see if they would work - I really miss not being able to wear earrings! These are just adorable!! They are flexible enough that I can open a bit to fit where I want, and then give a little squeeze to tighten so they don't fall off. Shipping was fast, too. Very pleased with my purchase. <end>  Very pretty  I love how these look on my ear. However I apparently have smaller than average ears or maybe oddly shaped ears, as I've had trouble finding a spot where the cuffs will stay in place without having to adjust them to grip so tightly they make my ears sore. In anyone has any tips on how to wear these comfortably, please let me know, because I really do like them!I've bought from Silver Insanity before and as always they are an A+ seller with good prices, quick shipping, and quality merchandise. I don't blame them for my trouble with the earrings - it's just my weird ears! I will buy from them again. <end>  Cute little ear cuffs  I was a little concerned when I bought these due to some of the negative reviews, but the cuffs are great. They're not fussy or difficult for me to get on- soft enough to open up a bit, but durable enough that they're not about to be easily bent out of shape. The edges aren't sharp or painful either. The bag they come in is pretty useless to me, but I didn't buy the earrings for the bag.Overall  good cuffs for the price. <end>  Really nice and perfect for small ears!  These ear cuff pairs are very nice! i have very small ears and was looking for ear cuffs that would not look too large or overwhelming. These were the perfect size (1/2 cm wide) for small ears and the design is very nice and simple. <end>  I liked it  It fits the upper ear lobe perfectly. No pain and you dont have to take it off when going to bed. Good one! <end>  Came quickly and is lovely.  My expectations were different, but the ear cuffs were still wonderful. I imagined them thinner, but they look great the way they are. The cuff fits well and comfortably, but people with big ears might think they're too small. The package came a whole day before the estimated time and in a cute little bag. Would recommend. <end>  LOVE them.  These are so cute, comfortable, and easy to put on. Their only downfall is that you can tell the metal they are made of is not very sturdy, so if you bend them back and forth too much they would break... easily. I suppose they're flexible so that they fit any size ear, but the flexibility also makes them seem fragile. As long as you don't bend or place them somewhere where they may be smashed, they're great. I would definitely order more, despite how fragile they seem. Very pretty! <end>  Love them  My daughter loves the ear cuffs - and these were very cute. She wears one every day. The seller was very fast too. Would recommended to everyone. <end>  Very good.  Very reasonable price--shipped promptly. Gave to my adult daughter for Christmas. She hasn't had her ears pierced, so it was a great gift. <end>  Sterling Silver Coiled Wirework Ear Cuff Pair Earrings  The quality seems very good and the Wife loved them. The price was exellent also. I would definitely recommend them to others. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  MY DAUGHTER LOVES ALL NEW AND DIFFERENT ACCESSORIES AND THIS MAKE HER OUTFIT REALLY STAND UP AND SCREAM OUT LOUD <end>  Too cute  I got these ear cuffs in the mail, I wasn't expecting much from them since I've had other ear cuffs and they were always too small. These were much larger and allowed for more adjusting. I can see why some people are hesitant about these as they are thin and bending them over and over would probably tear them. However, once you find a comfortable shape for your ears, you never have to readjust them. The rounded edges made it so it doesn't hurt my ears and I easily sleep with them on. These are a low priced and good quality pair and will definitely purchase these again. <end>
 B000FX4N0K  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings with Rainbow Genuine Freshwater Pearl and Shell Feather Drops ||	  Cute but fragile  At first I was disappointed that these earrings were smaller than I thought they'd be and the colors are not as bright, but they quickly grew on me. However, after only wearing them about 3 times, the part that hooks into your hear broke off the earring rendering them unwearable. I am completely disappointed because I loved these earrings. <end>  Feminine  These earrings are special! They are dainty, literally feather weight, and very feminine. I didn't give them a 5 star rating because they are difficult to fasten. <end>
 B000FXSQ2Q  Alley Cat Fish Bone Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Cool Necklace  This is my first day wearing the necklace, so I don't know how well the string will hold up over time, but for now it feels quite strong. The pendant is larger than I assumed, but I really like it. The necklace looks really cool. It is definitely worth the price. It was a good buy. <end>
 B000FXUJY4  Floating Sideways Curved Heart Pendant Sterling Silver Necklace - 18" ||	  Great necklace  This necklace is just as described and I am very happy with the purchase. There is a small blemish on one side of the heart, due to the manufacturing process. Can be hidden if necklace is worn with the blemished side towards the body. <end>
 B000FXUQHE  Headset Headphones Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  was ok  not exactly what i expect it to be, but i think it still fine. it could be easy to break if not the persone who take care to his/her stuffs <end>  Pewter headphone pendant  Pendant came quickly and safely. Liked the pendant, but small for my taste. I like large pendants, but it is well made. <end>
 B000FXVW36  6 Cigar Humidor Black Leather Travel Case ||	  Beautiful Travel Humidor  This is a humidor, even though it is advertised only as a travel case. There is cedar and felt inside. It is absolutely beautiful. I searched both online and in brick & mortar stores for this to give as a gift; it is the best travel humidor I've found anywhere. <end>  Not air-tight  This is a nice leather box and looks impressive. But it is not good for storing cigars because it is not air-tight. When I hold it up to a lamp, I can see light coming through. Also, the hygrometer is not accurate. I put it in my large humidor and it gives me a different reading than my other two hygrometers (-11%). To make it worse, the hole in the lid is too large and the hyrgometer falls out. Made in China. <end>  Cheaply made  The product came quickly. The humidor is pretty solidly made. the accessories that comes attached does not fully fit with the fittings and comes off very easily. However, the accessories themselves are descent and does its job. <end>  Nice product, like it  )  Its really nice product. The only down side is the sponge keep falling off the slot. But the leather case is very well done. <end>  A Gift for my husband  I bought this for my husband for his birthday and he really liked it! This is a great starting point for a first time humidor user. The construction was pretty good but of course is is not the highest quality. I didn't buy this with the intention of use for travel just to get my husband to start learning about how to properly use humidors. It was perfect for that and he still uses it today and one day we'll invest in a larger desktop version. <end>  Excellent Customer Service  I bought this for a Christmas gift. The customer service and turn around time was excellent! I would purchase from this company again, <end>  Beautiful Humidor  This was a gift. It is a beautiful product. Much classier than alot of the travel humidor's you see around. Will be going back for another for my husband. <end>  Best cigar travel case  Purchased this for my father in law and he has been using it faithfully for the past 2 years. It is well made, sturdy, and keeps his cigars perfectly humidified during travel. The box is a great size, not too big or too small and has enough room for cigars for him and his son to last almost a week. Worth the money for sure! <end>  Cigar travel case  The first box that arrived (while good looking) had a damaged lock. When I called customer service they were very friendly and helpful (especially Alex) and a new one was sent to me immediately. I would definitely buy from the vendor again. The case is beautiful and they have a great selection. <end>
 B000FXVZWE  Chinese Good Health Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  great!  This is really cool. It is larger than I expected which is good! I love it. <end>  Health  For my tast this item was to large for me and there were no size of the item when I bought this. <end>  Looks good  Chinese characters are my favorite. Made sturdy and I like the adjustable length. The pendant is nice but I would prefer it a little smaller. But I would recommend this product. <end>  Awesome Necklace!!!  I'm so pleased with this necklace. It really has brought health to my life and many more positive things. Great buy. <end>
 B000FXW1HC  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 8-8.5mm White Pearl / 18K White Gold Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Better than expected  My daughter sent me a picture of a pearl pendant that cost $500. She didn't want that one for Christmas but one similar but not as expensive. I found it for $70 on Amazon and it was as beautiful, my daughter was delighted, and it arrived in plenty of time to give it to her as a gift for the holiday. <end>  Damaged Goods  I purchased this pearl necklace reading the reviews thinking it would be a good birthday gift for my wife. I spent 10 minutes trying to untangle the web of knots the necklace came in. I then noticed the way they attached the pearl to the necklace was very poor. You can see an outline of glue all the way around the piece that holds the pearl. In addition there was an obviously glob of glue that was streaking down the side of the pearl that someone tried to wipe up but didn't. It was very visible. <end>  Elegant  I like pearls very much. They are simply and look great with almost everhthing I wear. I get compliments all the time. Thank you! <end>  Beautiful  This pendant was beautiful when I got it, and it was even more beautiful when I gave it to my mom as a present and had her put it on.I'm glad I got this pendant. The only problem I had with it was that the chain was tangled when I received it in the box, but it only took me about 10 minutes to untangle it, so it's no big deal. <end>  Pearl Pendant  http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FXW1HC/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI am satisfied with this pendant. Originally the silver chain was tangled and I left a phone message to report the problem. I was contacted almost immediately and received a replacement chain within a week. Excellent customer service. <end>  Single pearl pendant  The pearl is a good size not to big or small. It looks amazing looks well attached haven't experienced any problems with it. The chain the necklace comes with as expected isn't anything special looks good however a little thin so i got a higher quality thicker chain. It was a great price I defiantly got my value for the money. <end>  she will love it  i bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas. she absolutely loved it. it is just the right size and looks awesome on her with all her outfits. cant go wrong with this.only bad thing about this is the chain come SUPER tangled. i got it as a gift and had to spend 30+ minutes untangling the thing. the chain is so small and my fingers are so big.... but after you untangle it it is beautiful.i would recommend untangling it before you give it as a gift. or it wont be as romantic straining your eyes. <end>  Longer chain would be nice.  This is a beautiful pearl necklace. My husband ordered it for me for Christmas. Upon opening it I saw that the chain had not been secured allowing for a huge tangled mess of the chain. It took about 30 minutes and two straight pins to gently untangle the chain. The chain would be a better fit for me if it was 18 inches long. It sits a bit high but that will allow me to wear my silver heart necklace with it. I would buy it again. It is VERY pretty!!!!! <end>  A good buy  Hard to beat what u get for the price.Had same problem as many reviewers were the chain came tangled but after 30 mins of untangling it is indeed beautiful and my girl loved it I recommend it for any female lover of pearls. <end>
 B000FXXRUC  Chinese Peace Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Loved This!  I bought 3 necklaces (2 for gifts one one fore me..) and loved them all. I think the black cord makes it look so much better then a chain would. Definitely necklaces that get noticed. <end>  Very Nice  I have had this for about a year, no problems, is a very nice necklace and it wasnt very expensive. I would puchase again if i lost this one for some reason. <end>  Chinese Peace Symbol necklace  Much higher quality than I expected, however, would have prefered it on a chain than a silk cord. But it was beautiful anyway. <end>
 B000FXXTB4  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 9-9.5mm Pink Pearl / 18K White Gold Pendant, 16" 14K white gold chain ||	  Poor quality chain  I am not an expert on pearls, but the chain is extremely flimsy and the clasp snapped on first use. Stay away from this one... <end>
 B000FZ5K3C  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Celtic Trinity Knot Bracelet(Lengths 7",7.5",8") ||	  Simply Gorgeous  I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend, and she absolutely loved it! Great detail, great quality. Thanks for the superb item. <end>  Love this bracelet except for one thing  The bracelet is gorgeous and looks beautiful on my wrist, however, the clasp is very difficult to fasten one-handed. My husband had to help me put it on. <end>  @//(*_*)\\@ **LOVE THIS BRACELET!!!!!!!! ** *.@//(*_*)\\@  This is a beautiful bracelet!! I was pleasantly surprised just how nice it was - It's worth every penny. I was nervous because it was on the expensive side and it's hard to tell what jewelry really looks like from a picture. The bracelet is made with very high workmanship and also has a good weight to it. The shipping was fast, very reasonable, and they put it in a nice bag velvet bag. All I can say is you will not be disappointed-I'm super happy with it.  o) <end>  Nice Bracelet  I am well pleased with this bracelet, the knot work is excellent and the stones are consistent in size and color. It has a generous fit that is not too loose, not too tight. I highly recommend it as a gift or a personal purchase. <end>  bought as a gift  looked different than pictured, but still very pretty. was given as part of a set of necklace and earrings. she doesn't wear the bracelet as much as the necklace and earrings tho. <end>  Beautiful!  This is a very nice bracelet, worth the price for sure. It was purchased as a gift for a friend, but I had it sent to me so that I could give it to her in person. If I wore bracelets myself, I'd definitely like to have one of these. <end>  Wonderfully Pleased!  I received this bracelet for Christmas and it has met my expectations. It is much prettier than the picture. This bracelet is hard for me to put on by myself but I have done it! <end>  BEAUTIFUL BRACELET!  I was very excited to receive this bracelet. IT was simply beautiful. I would love to buy another one as a gift. The picture does not do it justice. <end>  eye catching!  This is the 3rd bracelet I have bought of this type. (one for myself and 2 for daughters.) They make great gifts and are real head turners. Plenty of compliments come when they are worn.Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Celtic Trinity Knot BraceletI suggest pairing it with the earrings, which I have also purchased. It's an eye catching pairing.Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Hook Earrings <end>
 B000FZRP2Q  Pink Jade Nugget Bracelet ||	  Exactly Right!  This bracelet was exactlly right  bright pink, chunky, and stretchy.It fit my requirements perfectly. <end>
 B000FZUUVO  Pink and Blue Jade Nugget Bracelet ||	  very nice for my collection ...  its made very well and a lot more pretty thenthe picture' the colors are way more prettyand nicely sized for my wrist' it does not havethe look of kids stuff and it is really cute. <end>
 B000G0APVS  Designer Inspired Silver Bali Style Toggle Heart Bracelet ||	  wish I can find again  This was a lovely purchase the gift went over very well&#8230; The item is still being used Love it Thank you <end>
 B000G0COS0  Sterling Silver Good Luck Charm Bracelet ||	  quick delivery, good item  four leaf clover = luckhearts = love.................= succeed <end>
 B000G0IQEG  Mele Walnut Jewelry Box #439 ||	  Jewwlry box  Very nice finish and has lasted quite some time with no failures or defects present. I am very satisfied. <end>
 B000G1CZGA  Pugster Cloud Colorful Swarovski Crystal Round Pendant Necklace For Women ||	  CMG  This was so beutiful. The only thing wrong was that it was suppose to come with a black velvet pouch which none of the products I order on the same date from this site did. <end>
 B000G1MUWE  Mele Large Oak Jewelry Box #760 ||	  Beautiful piece, wife loved it and it didn't hurt the wallet!  This jewelry box is great. It looks well and comes in a carefully packaged box with plenty of foam padding to avoid damage or scratches. The two side pieces for hanging necklaces offer plenty of room, as do the several drawers. For the price, it's a great gift for the significant other! <end>
 B000G2EU3A  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality Round 7-7.5mm Akoya SaltWater cultured Black Pearl Earrings with 18K white Gold Mount ||	  Great Valentines Gift  I got these earrings for my fiance as part of her valentines package from me. She said she enjoyed this gift more than any of the others I got her. She was so happy to see good quality black Akoya pearl earrings. <end>  Black pearls  The earrings are very beautiful; my wife loves them and our oldest granddaughter (10 y.0.) already asked for them when grandma gets tired of the pearls. <end>  Excellent Gift  Purchased these for my mother for Christmas, she was very happy with them (I know that's from my mom, but she is not one to hide her opinions, so that is high praise). I'm not sure if the certificate is accurate, but thanks to friends, I have some experience with pearls and the only way you are going to get ones of this quality for this price is to go somewhere like Beijing. These are large, and uniformly round, I didn't see any obvious defects and the coloring was good. A good purchase. <end>
 B000G2MFRI  Forzieri Polished Sterling Silver Screw Cuff Links ||	  Forzieri Polished Sterling Silver Screw Cuff Links  It is good but the color changed. <end>
 B000G2PZ0M  Native American Wolfwalker Braided Sweetgrass Sterling Silver Band Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Ring  This was a great product at a great price. My only complaint was I wish it had been just a bit wider all the way around the band....a little on the skinny side! Other than that very cool! <end>  Really Nice Necklace  I am so pleased with this necklace! I ordered it for a gift, and would love to have one myself. It is a necklace that would easily work for casual or business attire - not too dressed up, not too dressed down. <end>  very pleased  I just received this ring and I am extremely pleased with it. Like the other comment said, I was expecting it to be a little wider but it's fine because it's a gorgeous ring. I can already tell it's going to become one of my "everyday" rings. I love the braided look. Very unique! <end>  BEAUTIFUL. I'd buy again in a second!  I saw this ring while wandering around Amazon one day and knew I absolutely had to have it! I have hardly taken it off since it arrived and I love it more every day; it is definitely staying in my "permanent" collection. The band IS narrower than the pictures would lead you to believe, but I heeded the warnings of other reviewers who made the same complaint and ordered a size larger than I normally wear. It fits just fine and so far has not turned my finger green or done anything else strange. The detail is beautiful and it's so affordable for its quality. I love the scent of sweetgrass and use it when I smudge, but I (understandably) cannot bring my materials to my dormroom with me, so the ring serves as a pretty reminder.On another note, I was also impressed with the speed of the shipment. I think the ring arrived in my mailbox maybe three days after I placed my order. In any event, it was waiting for me by the end of the week, and I was so thrilled to get it! (And not just because college students are desperate for any form of mail that's not a bill.) ;) It also came in a little black bag for storage, which was a pleasant surprise.Really, I cannot say enough about this little ring. If you're still hesitating - STOP. Take my word for it, it is so worth the pennies. <end>  Ring...  I bought this ring for my girlfriend as a gift. She loves the look of it. I thought it would be wider though. The problem though is that She's had it for only a day and it stained her finger green like copper does. She has a few other sterling silver rings and none of them stain her fingers colors. <end>  Amazon offers unique products  Amazon has offered unique and hard to find merchandise. This silver braid ring was so detailed and I was extremely pleased with the delivery time and the price and quality of the ring. <end>  Very Different  Love this ring. It doesn't look like the same old thing you find everywhere. It is made very well. <end>  sweetgrass braid ring  this is a gorgeous little ring, exactly like the photo and the size was perfect. Love it! <end>  NATIVE AMERICAN BANDS  The seller discribed it beautifully. I have gotten nice comments on this ring...it is simple and yet beautiful <end>  Braided Sweetgrass  I love this ring! I actually should have bought this ring one size bigger because I initially wanted to wear it on my index finger. It felt a little snug, so I ended up wearing it on my middle finger. The width of the ring was just as I expected. It's kinda like an everyday ring for me, so I didn't want anything bulky or wide. It's definitely unique and I've gotten many compliments. <end>  Native American Wolfwalker Braided Sweetgrass Ring  I love this ring. It was a gift from my husband, and I really like the look and the uniqueness of this ring. It is very sturdy and well crafted. I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>  Great ring...but  I really liked this ring, but I should have ordered one size up from the one I did and it turned my finger green. It also would get caught on things. I wish that it had been all one small braid. On the positive side, I did get a lot of compliments on it. <end>
 B000G2PZ0W  Art Deco Squared Natural Turquoise and Marcasite Sterling Silver Pendant 18" Necklace ||	  Absolutely fabulous !!!  The color of the turquoise and the matrix is stunning! The marcasite adds to the beauty of the piece. I am VERY happy with Silver Insanity jewelry. <end>
 B000G6HVI2  Genuine Baltic Honey Amber Heart Sterling Silver Pendant and 18" Box Chain Necklace ||	  exactly as I expected it to be  Remember, when you are buying, it does look smaller when it arrives. But it looked just exactly like I expected it to look. I was very pleased with the quality and delivery. <end>
 B000G6JT8C  Celtic Knot Irish Shamrock Clover in Claddagh Large Round Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  Not as expected  This piece appears better crafted in the image than it actually is. It is poor quality sterling at best. The details are rounded and not cleanly etched. For the price I expected much better in such a small piece. I do enjoy the design but wear it more often as a lapel pin than a pendant. Service was speedy but don't get this item if you want fine detail. <end>  She loved it  She loved it. The cord for a necklace was replaced with a chain. I knew it was a cord prior to purchase so it was no big deal <end>  So So  I love the design and the detail is much better than other review gave it. My problem is with the clasp. It broke after only a month of wearing it. <end>
 B000G6O9JG  Morningflower Rectangle Inlay White Opal Earrings ||	  Beautiful and Delicate  I love these earrings. Opal is one of my favorite gemstones, and I wasn't diappointed in the slightest. They are a nice size; not real large, but the design and the fact that they are opals catch attention. They just dangle delicately and are very versitile. Sometimes your just in the mood to wear something that makes you feel pretty, and these will do just that. <end>
 B000G70WSW  Swarovski Crystal and Sterling Silver Spiral Earrings ||	  Beautiful  These earrings arrived very promptly and were beautiful. I wish they had been for me instead of a gift for a friend! <end>
 B000G7CUO6  Damali 14k Gold Anklet August Peridot Swarovski Crystal Ankle Braceles - ||	  Why not just say "Peridot colored Beads"?  I actually bought this item thinking that the Peridots were real. (Not having any experience with Peridots.) When my wife asked about them, saying that they looked too clear to be natural, I looked at the ad again. "Gem type  Peridot" suggests natural or lab created, but "Creation Method  Simulated," I think, means that there are no gems, only gem colored crystals. Other ads state "Peridot Colored Crystal," which is much more clear. Given my wife's preference, I'd have ruled out natural gems and lab created gems as too expensive or unacceptable in quality before buying this item.The crystals are very pretty; I would have preferred that the fact that the Peridot colored beads were just that be more clear. <end>
 B000G7P1BA  Sparkling CZ Drop Chandelier Earrings ||	  Well designed earrings  The earrings are really elegant and beautiful. I get lots of compliments. They are light and well designed. My only negative  I wish they were sterling. <end>
 B000G7P1HO  Flowering CZ Vine Necklace - Clearance Final Sale ||	  Beautiful!  My husband purchased this for me. I love the look of it with a low-cut shirt. It's pretty and sparkly and I love it! <end>
 B000G7T7MO  Sterling Silver Pave CZ Peace Sign Earrings ||	  very very disappointed  I purchased the earrings for my 17 year old daughter. The SECOND time she wore them one of the backs fell off and she lost the earring and the other earring lost 3 of the stones. We are extremely disappointed at the terrible quality of the earrings. I did not save the receipt because I thought everything would be fine but now felt I totally wasted my money and wished I could get a refund!!! <end>  Cheap Jewelry  This is the 2nd time I purchased from Eve's Addiction and I thought the jewelry was cheap for the amount I paid for it. Their photography is deceiving. I first purchased a bracelet for a present and was very disappointed when i received it. I returned it. I then purchased earrings and antoher pair for Christmas gifts and again, disappinted. One of the earrings looked like it had cut cz but when I received it it was just sterling silver with raised dots that appeared in the photo to be cz. I wouldn't buy from them again. <end>  pretty and petite  I bought these peace sign earrings for my niece who is in high school. I guess one of the latest trends are peace signs so I thought they would be the perfect gift. The shipment came very fast, in just a couple days, and I really loved the gift box they came in. My niece loves them, they are a nice petite size stud and are very sparkly. <end>
 B000G7UZYS  Sterling Silver Linked Circles Necklace ||	  Very Nice Necklace  This is an extremely nice necklace. It goes with everything and is a perfect size. It is my go to necklace now. <end>
 B000G7V5PG  Ruby Red and Clear CZ Silver Eternity Ring ||	  Perfect  Great quality, great price. I will most certainly purchase more jewelry from this company. <end>  Awful  Worn two days, lost all of it's stones. Worst thing I ever bought. Don't buy one ever! Was not good! <end>  ring  I bought this ring as a promise ring for mii girlfriend. When I showed it to her online she went crazy for it and really really wanted it. When i presented it to her she blew her mind. This is a very pretty ring but the cut of the diamonds are scratchy and hard. For example if she was wearing the ring and rubbed on my arm it would feel like a claw running down my arm. Its still a very nice and beautiful ring but its a little too rough. I would still redommend it just wear it on a necklace or something jus dont hit or rub people with it on. <end>
 B000G7W0ZK  Sterling Silver CZ Sway Eternity Band ||	  Beautiful Ring  This is well worth purchasing, it's absolutely beautiful. People can't beleive it's cubic zirconia. <end>  Tiffany Inspired Style  A beautiful looking Tiffany inspired ring! It makes the perfect right hand "diamond" ring. I only wish it was sold in half sizes too for a little more snug fit. <end>
 B000G7W1E0  Designer Inspired Triple Row CZ Wide Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Ring  The sizing is a little snug but the ring looks just like the picture. It is flattering for long fingers. <end>  Sterling Silver Band  I returned this ring the very next day after receiving it. It did not look like the picture when I opened the package. It was disappointing because I was looking forward to wearing this on an everyday basis. Don't waste your time with this item!!!! <end>
 B000G7W1I6  Monica's Thin Sterling Silver CZ Stackable Band ||	  Thin...more like microscopic!  This ring was a total let down. It was VERY thin and caught on everything that I wore. $26 is way too much money to pay for this ring. <end>
 B000G7XSL0  CZ Sway Stackable Eternity Ring ||	  disappointing  The actual product looks quite different from picture on website - looks cheap, no shine - I was very disappointed. <end>
 B000G7YON6  Hammered Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings - 2 Inch ||	  nice jewelery  I'd been searching for these - I bought a pair at an art show years ago & they broke. They're larger than I would have liked, but very nice. I have gotten used to the size. 2" on a ruler looks smaller than these do on your ear. Very well made - should last for a long time (some silver is too soft & the posts break). Overall, I'm glad to have them. <end>
 B000G7YOOK  Copper Hoop Earrings, Hammered - 2 Inch Diameter ||	  PERFECT & CLASSY!  I just received my Hammered Copper Hoop Earrings yesterday, and I am SO pleased I bought them. They're delicate but sturdy. I like them because they look so unusual and will go well with my dark hair. (I have violet red highlights in my black hair and these earrings will bring my highlights out) The seller was kind enough to enclose a little slip that told me how to care for them. (clean with lemon juice!) I'll definitely be purchasing jewelry from this seller again, no question! <end>  Copper hoops  I love these copper hoops and have bought them before. Copper hoops are not usually readily available. These are good-looking, a great size, and light. I didn't give a rating of 5 stars, because they need to be fastened carefully so they don't break. <end>  Nice  Have not worn yet.I purchased the brass and they tarnish easily so will probably need to use anti-tarnish cloth on these. <end>  earrings  I gave these as a gift for Christmas and the recipient was very pleased with them. <end>  Very cheap in person  My daughter bought me these for Xmas and I was so disappointed when they arrived...I actually got them to go with a copper cuff bracelet I won...the quality between the two pieces is so evident...the bracelet is a beautiful heavy piece while the earrings are light and cheapy looking...the earrings are hardly worth the price they are listed for...I have bought clearance earrings at Target that out shine these...I was planning to save the copper set for special occasions but I'll have to find another pair of earrings to do the bracelet real justice...be forewarned, they look quite lovely online in the picture but not in person ! <end>
 B000G82HWA  Copper Hoop Earrings, Hammered, 1.5 Inch Diameter ||	  Beautifully Simple and Elegant  These earrings are exactly what I wanted. Right size, nice heft and beautifully hammered. It's hard to find copper hoops so I was happy to find these. I am not in love with the closure...it's harder to put these on than the post and clutch type but I knew what I was buying so it's ok. I'd give them 5 stars if it had another type of closure. <end>  Sherrina  I bought these for my mother-in-law and they were perfect. The company took care to wrap them in a way to protect from tarnish and bending. The earrings look marvelous, are well made, and were shipped quickly. I will definately be buying more jewelry from Curious Designs.Thanks! <end>
 B000GA2FUM  Beautiful! Rolex-style 14k High Polish Yellow-gold White-gold Men's 11/2 CT TW Diamond Ring ||	  Wife loves It  My wife love's the ring purchased from this place. Couldn't find the woman's to talk on so I am here, but it is worth the price beautiful and real. Now my wife will leave me alone and be preoccupied instead of bothering me. They are very professional, also I have had no problems. <end>
 B000GAA9VE  Pugster Flower Swirl Stem Fuchsia Swarovski Crystal Petal Pendant Necklace For Women ||	  Nice, could be better  I like the necklace. The earrings do not look like they do in the picture, the colors aren't as distinct as shown in the picture. <end>
 B000GB4JOQ  Southwestern Style Three Dimensional Lizard Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 11, #10992 ||	  Love it!  Very beautiful. I bought it for my boyfriend and he wears it every day. Wonderful quality. <end>
 B000GB8OOW  Southwestern Style Running Wolf Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Man-Made Lapis Inlay for Men or Women, Size 9, #10989 ||	  Native Beauty  This ring, with it's Native American-inspired design, is beautifully made. The deep blue of the lapis wolves that run around the ring, glows against the sterling silver background. I am very happy with it and I would unhesitatingly recommend it. <end>
 B000GB8OQA  Southwestern Good Luck Horse Shoe Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay & Sterling Silver for Men or Women, size 8, #10990 ||	  horse shoe ring  I bought this ring for my fathers' 80th birthday,and he loves it. It is a very nice ring,and it fit him perfectly. <end>
 B000GBAC2E  Southwestern Good Luck Horse Shoe Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay & Sterling Silver for Men or Women, size 12 1/2, #10990 ||	  horse shoe ring  I bought this ring for my fathers' 80th birthday,and he loves it. It is a very nice ring,and it fit him perfectly. <end>
 B000GBBAPM  Lion Head Solid Pewter Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring  This ring is a beautiful piece of craftsmanship and a fine addition to my collection. <end>  Nice!  I just got this ring myself. Beautiful, yet rugged and masculine ring. <end>  Wonderful!!  This is a great ring. I don't know what Roberto is talking about because it look great, like an heirloom. Also it feels great on the finger, nicely balanced. I only wish they had more sizes because I go up & down in weight & don't know if I'll be able to still wear it if my fingers get fatter or thinner. They're so inexpensive I wouldn't mind having different sizes but there need to be more to choose from. I picked the size 10 so a size 9 would be good for me too. <end>  LOVE IT  I am starting to think this ring is going to become my new family crest. So far I have one, and this one was for my brother. We both get a lot of compliments <end>  Coolest piece I've ever owned  This is a very nice ring. I've had compliments on it everyday I've worn it. A ring like this is like a great tattoo, people are going to comment on it when they see it. It's a guy's ring, no doubt. If you have small hands this may not be for you, it's a big ring. But not "too" large if you are a guy with normal sized hands (I'm 6' & a size 13 fits my right-hand ring finger perfectly). It looks exactly like the picture, as described, and it is exactly what I was looking for.Pewter is a great metal for jewelry, I like the look and feel of pewter much better than any stainless steel ring I've owned, and the dark colors from the design really add a lot of texture & style to the overall look of this ring. The matte finish of the metal is nicer than the flash of Stainless for this particular design.A great item at a great price and fast, free shipping from the seller. If you are looking for a biker ring, a Lion of Judah ring to represent your personal faith (that's why I bought mine, & it's also a great conversation starter) or you just like awesome manly lion rings that will get a lot of attention, you really can't go wrong here. <end>  LION HEAD RING  This ring is awesome! It's not as bulky or as heavy as the picture may suggest but it's still great all the same. Whenever I go out with it on I get great feedback from people. Easy conversation starter! I've been wanting this ring for a while but Dan's Jewelers didn't have it in a size 9 for the longest time. If I hadn't remembered this ring a year later I probably wouldn't even own it. My only gripe is communication from the store. Many times in the past I had written them asking for a size 9 version of this ring and if/when they were going to have one. On multiple occasions I NEVER got a response. That's the only thing I didn't like about the store. Other than that? I love the ring and am thankful it's in my size now. <end>  Better then expected!  I am very happy with this ring! It's shinnier then I expected and it fits perfect! Very comfortable fit! I will be doing business again, thank you! <end>  Disappointing ring  While I did not think I was getting an expensive ring at $15 I was hoping for something that did not feel as if I could have gotten it in a vending machine. The edges are sharp, the darkened parts look like they were etched with a dull pencil. Trust me, spend more someplace else and get a better ring. <end>
 B000GBUWJW  Jewelry Chests in Oak ||	  Absolutely Beautiful!  I was extremely pleased when I received this. It was wrapped and protected for shipping so well, I had a hard time unwrapping it. It arrived in excellent condition with no damages. I did read in one review before purchasing that the bottom 4 drawers are actually 2 deep drawers. I wish they were 4 drawers instead, but I am still very happy with it. It is a heavy sturdy beautiful piece of furniture and matches nicely with my bedroom set, and I would highly recommend this one. It was well worth the money, and again, beautiful, very happy!! <end>  not good quality  The quality of this item was not up to expectations.The Top was scratched, the hinges did not line up to the pre-drilled holes and the staining was inconsistant. If I saw this item in a store I would not have purchased it. <end>  It was perfect  Very satisfied. Quality was what I expected. It was a great buy. I would recommend it to anyone who needs a nice armoire for their jewelry. <end>
 B000GC5W8M  Florida Gators ( University Of ) NCAA Executive Logo Cufflinks ||	  gator cufflinks  NCAA again lives up and surpasses themselves with these Florida Gator cufflinks (University of) like you all don't know what Florida Gators are. Best dressy gator purchase for my husband. He loved, loved, them. Great for us females who wear french cuff shirts as well!! Look great with jeans or a tux! <end>
 B000GDB8XE  Morningflower Oval Blue Opal Post Earrings ||	  my girl loved 'em!  great price and fast ship first thing to arrive from my order. they look great to me i was a jeweler in the past and my girlfriend loves them lucky she's a scorpio so she can wear opals without the bad juju <end>
 B000GDZDXA  Pugster Ua Arkansas Razorbacks Licensed Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Perfect for the avid fan  When I got my bracelet this was one of the first charms I bought. A must have for a Razorback fan. Well made and perfect team spirit. <end>
 B000GEEEX4  Genuine Goldstone Teardrop Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Beautiful pair of earrings  This is a wonderful pair of earrings.The silver art is beautiful and the quartz is lovely, though I expected it to be a little darker.Will definitely buy it for friends who love rose quartz as much as I do  ) <end>
 B000GFZX5G  Women's Amber Necklace ||	  Wonderful Quality  I purchased the bracelet and earrings that go with this wonderful necklace. The necklace is light weight and very delicate looking but great quality it looks wonderful against dark brown or tanned skin types because of its golden glow. It arrived in this extremely beautiful dark blue faux velvet box which actually has straps to hold the necklace and matching bracelet in their positions.The earrings come in their own dark blue velvet box which has a an oval lid. Clearly their designed to last and be worn for special occasions however because this is amber you can wear it during the day and it will not look out of place. I love the fact that the amber has been fashioned to resemble leaves and petals. This is a very feminine piece of jewelry suitable for day and evening wear in my opinion worth the money! <end>
 B000GG1F1Q  14k Gold & Pearl Playful Cats Leverback Earrings ||	  Fun and Adorable!  These playful cats are absolutely terrific! The cats are in such realistic fun poses. The pearls are just the icing on the cake!! <end>
 B000GG7RZY  MEDICAL ID BRCLT-EPILEPSY Size  ~ ||	  Fine inexpensive bracelet delivered fast.  The bracelet was inexpensive and everything we needed for something fast until my son could take time to pick out a different medical bracelet or necklace. Fast delivery. <end>  Not very durable  The chain broke thr first week hr wore it, yhe one that he had before I bought this one he wore for about six years without any problems. Not badly made, but not very sturdy, Fast shipper. <end>
 B000GGPUVM  Garnet and Diamond Heart Shaped MOM Ring ||	  PERFECT GIFT  IT WAS JUST LIKE EXPECTED..!! TOO SATISFIED. I DONT HAVE THE WORDS TO EXPLAIN HOW MUCH I LIKED THIS. tHE ONLY THING IS THAT IT CAME SMALLER THAN I EXPECTED. BUT IT LOOKS GREAT. <end>
 B000GGTSEW  Earrings - E82 - Crystal Rice Drop ~ Olivine (Olive Green) ||	  Quite pretty.  Simple and well made item. The metal parts are not flimsy and the olivine is very nice and sparkly. I love these earrings! <end>
 B000GHDOVO  Cobra Snake on Genuine Yellow Jade Sterling Silver Pendant 24" Necklace ||	  deb's review  It is a beautiful necklace that looks even better when you receive it. I look forward to wearing it and fully expect everyone who sees it to comment on it. <end>
 B000GHE5AI  Pugster Clear Gold Foil Millefiori Murano Glass Bracelet Loose Beads ||	  Just beautiful!  These "millefiori" beads are small, gorgeous and delicate. The only thing I would have done differently is made them a lot bigger! Why so skimpy from a design point of view? <end>
 B000GHKFTS  Pink Jade Flip-Flop Single Diamond Strap Sandal Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Size Matters  Beautiful earrings. My only problem really is the size. From the picture, I was expecting something just a bit bigger than half an inch I guess. Got them in good time, but was disappointed by how small they were. Because of the price I was only able to get this one thing for mom for Christmas. Nevertheless she loved them; they're very beautiful, but if you're looking for more noticeable jewelry, this is not what you're looking for. <end>
 B000GHKGAG  Light Green Jade Curved Bar Single-Row Bracelet, 14k Gold ||	  some problems  It's a lovely piece of jewelry, but it fell apart right away. A little Krazy Glue fixed it. Stil ... <end>
 B000GHLN9Y  Large Lavender Jade Stud Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Nice Earrings..  I purchased these earrings for my wife as a gift. She was quite pleased with them. Everything went well with this order and the product arrived in a very timely fashion. Probably nicer than advertised. I'd certainly recommend them to others. <end>
 B000GHLNRQ  Lapis Oval Button Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Pretty. And Well Matched.  These are pretty earrings, well matched with a rich blue color and just a bit of the starry night shimmer that I love about lapis. They were a bit more expensive than other lapis earrings I have seen, but these are well made and exactly the oval shape I wanted. The gold posts are not inserted directly into the stone like most stud earrings, but are a part of the gold frame around the entire stone. Very impressive. <end>
 B000GHUGBK  14k Yellow Gold Peridot & Amethyst Flower Earrings ||	  Beautiful, Unusual Earrings  I purchased these in Sept 2007 and they arrived quickly. They are good sized earrings, with high quality gems and settings. The flower design is both unusual and beautiful. My wife loved them. <end>  Good for this price  I bought the earring for my wife in order to match her neklace. My wife likes it. I don't not give it 5 star, because it is a little bit large than I expected. <end>  my mom loved them  My mom loved them. What more can I say? They look great on her. She's happy, and that made me happy. <end>
 B000GHUOOY  Blue Top Drop Double Pearl Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Pretty, but not good quality  I bought this navel ring right from [...]. The first sday I wore it, a pearly blue bead at the end broke off...without me even playing with it. So, I cut the other one beside it. Looks very cute, but jewelry like this snags onto things EASILY. <end>
 B000GHW3MA  Peridot Green Gem Blazing Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Beautiful  Looks even better than on the picture, couldn't believe it looked this good for the price...got it for a friend's Xmas present,she loves it. <end>
 B000GHY1DE  Silver SPIKE Belly Ring ||	  Love it.  I absolutely love this belly ring. It's sturdy and attractive.I was a bit skeptical when i originally ordered it, but i was really pleasantly surprised when i recieved it! The only thing that could be bad... The spike is really sharp so it sometimes pokes into my lower belly button skin. But that only happens when im doing my tumbling, i if i forget to change the ring when i go to the gym, i just take it out and flip it upside down so the spike i going out the top. Other than that, no problems at all! I'm looking forward to buying another one of these ^.^ <end>  Perfect  I was going to a metal concert and needed a good belly button rings to go with the outfit, great price but well made, i enjoy showing it off to my rocker buddies. <end>
 B000GHY1IO  Blue Swish Cubic Zirconia Belly Ring ||	  Very beautiful!  I really love this product! It's just as beautiful in reality as it is on the photo. The only thing I don't like is that the shaft is a little too long for me so it shows a little from below. I may try to change it for a shorter one and see if that works. Otherwise I am very happy with my purchase! <end>
 B000GIPMZO  Pink Milky Stone Cubic Zirconia Flower Necklace ||	  LOVE IT!!!!!  I love it. It is even prettier then it looked online. I wish the earrings weren't so expensive I would love to buy them too. I guess I will wait for a sale. <end>
 B000GITWVE  14kt White Gold And Diamond Heart Charm Key Charm ||	  Great Charm  I bought this charm and I could not be happier. I have been looking for a charm to put on a silver charm, it looks wonderful on. I get so many complements. It is truly a great charm. <end>
 B000GJZ0CI  14k Gold 7mm Round Swiss Blue Topaz Studs ||	  Swiss Blue Topaz Stud Earrings  These earrings are a beautiful color of blue. The 7mm size is a perfect size. Being in 14k white gold is just a plus. <end>  Just as described.  These earrings are just as described. I received a set that was chipped first, and received a replacement the next day. The color is beautiful. The clarity is clean to the eye. I am very satisfied with this purchase. <end>  good deal  I was pleased by the color of the topaz. It matched my swiss blue topaz necklace. The earings were true Swiss Blue Topaz. The price was great for the size and quality. The backing quality was ok. <end>  another great purchace  My wife really likes them, lighter in colorthan I thought they would be but she's happywith them and thats all that really matters <end>  beautiful  I bought this for a Xmas present for my daughter. They are big and gorgeous. A great value. She never takes them off! <end>  Bright and polished  Very nice earrings. The gems are a great color and the earrings in general look very polished and high end. <end>  nice color, sturdy gold  These earrings are a very nice color swiss blue. The gold is sturdy. The earrings are worth the money. <end>  Excellent!  Arrived in less than 3 days! The earrings are beautiful. Nice size. Perfect blue color. Classy setting. Great price! Very happy. <end>  blue topaz  These 7mm blue topaz earrings are simply beautiful. Great size Great sparkle Great color and great price. <end>  Beautiful  They look fantastic, are a good size, and can be found at a reasonable price. An all-around great deal. <end>  Huge stones, beautiful color, great sparkle, very cheap!  What more could you ask for a Valentines Day present? Just don't let her know they are from Amazon, she'll be able to check the price.Update  Well they have nearly quadrupled in price, so........no, not worth over a hundred. <end>  Major disappointment  I ordered this as a birthday present and read previous reviews. They were mixed, but the description sounded like the earrings would suit my needs and would come in a box. I received them in a plastic baggy that I almost overlooked in the shipping box. They looked very chintzy and I returned them immediately. I've always had good luck ordering from Amazon, just not this time. <end>  Pretty, and Pretty Sparkly  I bought these for my daughter-in-law, who is a soldier in the Army. She can wear earrings with her uniform, as long as they are post/studs and don't dangle. Well, these fit the bill to a tee! They are a good size, are sparkly, nicely feminine, and a really good price. Thanks, Amazon! <end>  Go great with my wife's eyes!  These are just on the edge of being too large...but the color is so nice and they have some good sparkle so...win. These replaced some Swarovsky earrings that were way too huge. My mistake buying those...did not notice how huge they were...something Wilma would have worn in the Flinstones. But these are some nice bling to bring out those baby blues... <end>  beautiful  I thought they were beautiful. I was worried by some of the negative reviews that said they looked like cheap stones, but this turned out not to be the case. They were of nice size and quality. Unfortunately, my wife did not like them because she does not like blue earrings, so we had to return them. Nothing to do with the quality however. One of the reasons I took a chance on buying them was because I knew I could return them easily if she did not want them. The return could not have been easier. Amazon sent a return label, and the return was free. <end>  earrings  Just as described in the add. Beauffull setting. I would have liked a gift box, but it just came in a small velour bag. <end>  Beautiful earrings  Arrived in a timely manner and were just what I expected. Would definately buy them again. Or should I say my husband would buy them again for me for Christmas!!! <end>  Large but not garish, good color and settings. Good value.  Nice Swiss blue color, good sized at 7 mm diameter - about the size of a flat thumb tack head - large but not garish. The settings are just what we wanted  white gold that does not tarnish like silver. Delivered in small velvet pouch inside a dark blue jewelry box, perfect for giving as a simple, moderately priced jewelry gift. <end>  Wife loves em  Bought these for my wife, and she loves them. Only issue I would have (and I don't know Topaz) is that the cut seems just a bit off. They are great looking earrings at a great price, but they don't seem as brilliant as they should. I don't know if the cut angle is off, the girdle is too thick or if I am just being to critical but the cut seems just a bit off.And I do say just a bit. I would definitely buy these, not again - but for a GF or wife. You won't go wrong at the price, it just seems lacking a bit in a less than describable way.These are a close to must buy (at least at the gold box price) but there is something just a little bit odd about them in my eye. Well worth dealing with for the price though. <end>  They look great  Was worried that they would not be as advertised. However, they are really beautiful and have great color. My wife loves them. Highly recommend them. <end>  Blue topaz stud  Its really nice earring, Packaged nicely and delviered on time.comes "care and return information"highly recommended jewely and to buy from amazonthanks <end>  Color is stunning  It's design is so simple, this beautiful color stands out so much.Big enough for other people to see those twinkles. <end>  topaz earrings  The earrings are a very impressive size and color. An extremely reasonable price. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this for my wife. She is going to love them they look great. I ordered this with Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Pendant, 18", when I received the package the earrings were there but not the Pendant. I called Amazon customer support which, could not be easier. In customer support I put my phone number, and clicked a button call me. Twenty seconds passed and my phone rang, a computer came on and said connecting you to a representative 3 seconds later he was on the line. So I told him the package came but the Pendant was missing. He said sorry to hear that. He then had me place a new order for the Pendant with one day shipping, and then refunded the money. Two hours or so after placing this new order Amazon told me that it had shipped! It was around 6 30 at night when I called. The next day the package with the Pendant arrived. I knew Amazon had great products and prices, but I never new their customer support was this good. I had the missing Pendant in my hand less then 12 hours after I notified Amazon of the problem. Amazon has earned a customer for life today! <end>  terrible product  The back screw of the left earring was defected,I tried to fix it and the next day it fell off my ear and could never find it again,so now I am left with the right one only.I don't recommend anyone to buy these earrings at all. <end>  Doesn't spakle like a Gem  I got this item, but I realized that it looks like a dull blue plastic bead. No one could have guessed it's a semi-precious stone. It looks more like a child's play jewelry. I returned it the very next day. <end>  These earrings are just beautiful  I saw these listed in a friday sale and couldn't pass them up. They are about the size of a thumb-tack (the flat, smaller side) and are brilliant blue in color. They are really light, delicate (yet solidly built) and are a great deal. The only possible issue I have is that the setting is higher than I expected and the base of the post is small in diamater (bigger bases sit better on your earlobe). But if that doesn't bother you, these earrings are a fine addition to any collection. Two thumbs up, I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>  Lovely swiss blue color, nice size stones  I bought these for my mother as a present. They match exactly a Swiss blue topaz pendant in white gold that she has. My mother loved the present.The color is wonderful, a really pretty blue, and the size is good. The earrings arrived earlier than expected which was a bonus since they arrived in time for the occasion instead of two days later. <end>  Coated blue topaz stud earrings  These earrings had gotten several great reviews & the price, with discount, was right considering the relatively large size of the stones and the 14K gold setting. I just have a problem with coated & color treated blue topaz. They never look natural to me. They never seem to match up with other blue topaz I might be wearing. This color was pleasant, but not identifiable as blue topaz.On the positive side, they were relatively large & good for "thick earlobe" people due to their weight. The strong setting was rather high. The 14K gold is good for sensitive skin. They had a wonderful sparkle.Unfortunately, there were many bald or clear spots in the earrings. I purchased 3 prs. as gifts to match up with pendants. Of course, they will not match the natural color of the pendants. (stones are darker than picture) They will still make nice gifts when transferred to a more presentable box. I don't advise incorporating these as part of a set. <end>  My wife loves these...  ... and for the price, I loved 'em too.Great for a surprise gift. Hopefully, they'll hold up over time. <end>  Great Gift  Excellent presentation, nice gift box, with pouch inside. The earrings are very clean and beautiful. They will look great with my girlfriend's blue eyes. <end>  Beautiful earrings, fiancee loves them  I have ordered from the Amazon.com collection multiple times and always been satisfied with the quality and price. These are no exception. The color is very rich and the setting is well done. My fiancee loved the gift and wears them practically everyday! <end>  Mom loved them...  Bought these earings as a Christmas gift. Mom lives long distance so I took a chance and bought these through reading the positve reviews. She was very pleased and I was very happy. <end>  Blue Topaz earrings review  These earrings are beautiful. They are huge and very bright and twinklie! The color is perfect. Also, they came so fast! <end>  Valentine's Day Gift  I love the color but for some reason the backs aren't tight. I've gotten lots of complements on the color, I just wish the backs were tighter. It was my Valentine's Day gift that I got to choose myself. <end>  Beautiful Earrings-Great Price!  I bought these earrings as a Gold Box deal 2 weeks ago and was amazed at the size and color of these earrings. They are very feminine and not too big or gaudy. They are set a little high off your ear lobe when you wear them but are still comfortable enough to sleep with them in your ears if you forget to take them out. I have received several compliments on them. Great price too. A perfect gift for a December girl! <end>
 B000GK16Y8  Mele Caroline Locking Jewelry Armoire in Walnut ||	  Mele Jewelry Armoire  This is a gorgeous armoire, I love it. It has 6 LOCKING drawers which is great. The only concern is that it says "walnut" for the color and it's actually cherry wood color. <end>
 B000GK25CU  Small 'shapely' Flying Spaghetti Monster Pendant/Necklace - bright silver finish ||	  Noodly Goodness  Pendant Flying Spaghetti Monster / B000GK25CUI've had my FSM necklace for over a year and couldn't be happier with it. Maybe I got lucky, but the chain that came with my emblem was sturdy and strong, and hasn't broken or tarnished or turned anything green yet. The emblem is exactly the right size, and is not so big as to look cheap or gaudy, but not so small as to be insignificant. I've noticed that non-pastafarians rarely notice the pendant, but good FSMers seem to see it right away and are often delighted to meet another pastafarian in the real world. I've very happy with my pendant and I recommend it highly.~ Ana Mardoll <end>  Truly a Conversation Piece  If you're like me and always dying to share your world view with people, this necklace is THE way to get the conversation started where it otherwise never would! Not to be adorned by imitators, his noodly appendages put those who view them in a trance; so, when the time comes that he brings to you a possible convertee, you must be educated in the ways of FSM... but, since you're probably not going to be fully adorned in your pirate regalia at every moment, you can replace your proselytization with the general message of FSM, and have it lead into whatever you truly believe/practice.FSM is a great layer of sensitivity between the faithful you face and the, "blasphemous" you wish to share a message from (Dawkins, Harris, Dennett, Hitchens et al). Wear it proudly, wear it wisely, be informed, and his noodly goodness will certainly draw in the potential FSM-ers currently wandering in the treacherous and boily noodle water!-Stephen <end>  Hey, I'm a Pastafarian!  Long a fan of The Flying Spaghetti Monster, I had to get this item. I wear it every day. It's inexpensive, but sturdy. Sadly, it doesn't turn my neck green, but only the FSM is truly perfect, so...buy it! <end>  Great little necklace!  What I love about this necklace is the size! Its not too big to look trashy and its not too small that no one can see it either. I were it everyday at college to show my Pastafarism! If your a true Pastafarian, then show the world! Its a great thing to have and it has a strong chain that comes with it. The best part, its displaces your Lord and Creator!! I can feel his noodly appendage now...  ) <end>  His nodely attendedges are evident everywhere.  The depiction of the FSM very well done. The far-reaching power of his noodly appendiges is gently suggested. All pastafarians should rejoice.I think a solom greeting is appropreate  "Oh great noodler, I give you what blessing I can, please give me what blessing you can." <end>  Great emblem. Crappy chain.  The only problem that I had was the chain. It was really small and it broke on me after about a day of wearing it. The emblem, however, is great quality and is the perfect size. I wear this with pride! <end>  Awesome!  Great necklace, you get what you see.. My only complaint is that the chain broke a few months after I purchased it. <end>  Stylish, Strong, and not Obnoxious  This necklace is rather small, the chain itself can be a little awkward to put on, you may need a mirror (it's a small clasp). The pendant is very durable and vivid, it is very weatherproof and even with frequent touchings shows no sign of wear. It's an excellent way to show your faith in the Flying Spaghetti Monster, and it's small size keeps it from being obnoxious around your neck. It looks great on anyone, male or female, so it's perfect for the whole Pasta Lovin' Family! RAmen! <end>  A great conversation-starter (I wish the chain were better though)  This is my second FSM pendant. I wore the first one 24 hours a day until the silver coating started wearing off. I'll be more careful with this one. The chain may be functional but it's extremely ugly. I immediately replaced it with a rope chain that looks much classier. Overall, I wish there was a more high-quality version of this pendant (should there be a silver *coating* that wears off?) but I've gotten many positive comments from those "in the know" about FSM and I consider wearing it to be a very low-volume "statement" about my philosophy that's less likely to agitate my traditional friends than wearing a big red "A". <end>  Oh My Flying Spaghetti Monster  This little necklace is my favorite and I basically stole it for 20 dollars including shipping. It arrived to me the next day! By far the fastest mailing of a product I have ever gotten! I really appreciate it  ) FSM FTW! <end>  A veritable heirloom, white trash style  Hand this one down from generation to generation as you celebrate the presence of its holy noodliness in your family for years to come.Does me right proud, and it will you, too! <end>
 B000GKXMEU  Pugster 925 Sterling Silver Goat Horn Tribal Pendant For Men ||	  Little bit disaponting  I got this yesterday, and I was sadly a little disapointed. It is pretty small, which I was prepared for, but its also quite flat. Since there is no pictures where its shown from the side, I was hoping for it to be more 3D, with horns maybe pointing a little out, and not just to the sides. Also the ring which it's attatched to the silicone necklace is very big compared to the rest of the pendant, so it looks a bit odd.But, it's ok. Giving it 3 weak stars <end>
 B000GOT8EY  Sabrina's Two Tone Canary and CZ Engagement Ring ||	  Okay  For me this ring is just okay. One of the things that I didn't like is that the two-tone gold part of the ring is so light it barely looks two tone. Plus the finishing of the vermeil looks cheap to me. The sparkle of the stones is very good, but I'll be returning the ring. <end>  Simply elegant  I have this ring and let me be the first to say it is beautiful. The mounting is so very different & elegant. It looks like a custom piece and yes it is believable. The center stone is a light canary and approximately two carats. When I wear it day or night I wear it alone as a right hand ring. The price is so reasonable for a ring of this quality <end>
 B000GOT8OY  Audrina's Sapphire and CZ Silver Ring Set ||	  lost a stone after two days  Bought this ring for a gift for my wife and one of the Sapphire fell out of the ring two days after having it. <end>  Cheap  Didn't like this ring at all when we received it. I looks really fake and cheap. Big stone looks like glass and the metal actually looks like plastic. <end>  Beautiful  I love my ring. I will say though that the ring is much larger than it appears in the picture. That said, it's the wedding ring I always dreamt of. <end>  poor quality  I realize i didn't purchase a piece of fine jewelry but based on the reviews i was hoping to like it enough to wear when i don't want to wear my actual wedding rings. However quality is awful, it looks like it went through a blender. Its so cheaply made that i am embarassed to wear it. I will be returning this.The picture looks 10 times better than the ring did in person. <end>  Very Flashy  I love how the sapphires in the ring are actually dark blue and not a lighter shade, it makes the ring look very expensive. I've never had any problems with the ring and continuously get compliments on it. <end>
 B000GPB3SC  Marcasite Ring with Large Red Garnet, 6 ||	  garnet  Beautiful ring with a striking setting--the prongs make the ring look medieval.But, (there always is a "but", isn't there?)-- the prongs seem to catch on almost everything they touch. So you have to be very careful if you are goimg to wear this ring out and about. It is rather disconcerting to keep checking the ring every few minutes, just to make sure you have not displaced the stone by catching the prongs on some such materisl.I would not buy another ring with the same setting--although the setting is attractive. <end>
 B000GPTKVE  Sterling Silver Pirates Treasure Map with Sword, Skull, and Crossbones Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Pirate Ring  I bought this ring for my husband for our anniversary and he wears it everyday. It looks really good, and was exactly as spoke of in this description. It is sturdy and I don't have anything bad to say about it. <end>  i love this ring!!  nice detail, comfy on any finger, good quality, what more could you ask for? <end>
 B000GPTKWI  Jolly Roger Pirate Skull and Crossbones Sword Antiqued Sterling Silver Medallion Pendant 24" Necklace ||	  beautiful  This medallion looks exactly the same as the picture. It is very beautiful and well done. <end>  Pirates of the Amazonian  A pendant I got for my boyfriend's birthday, one of a pair I got him so he could change it with his whim, although he wears the other pendant more often (the Celtic lovebirds knot) this one is still cool. It is somewhat large so it almost looks like costume jewelry, but the sterling silver makes it shine so it looks pretty authentic like a real coin from a shipwreck. If you're into pirates or the shore or flashy jewelry it would be great for you. <end>
 B000GQQ1GU  Platinum Rope Chain, 18" ||	  Clasp not up to the job  It is a shame, but the clasp with this chain kept failing. This is too expensive to risk losing every time you wear it. With a lobster clasp it would be worth a solid 5 stars, as it is be very careful you don't lose it. <end>
 B000GSLHKI  Amazon.com  Anklet Bracelet Austrian Crystal Rhinestones Clasp SeXy Gift  Clothing ||	  UnHappy  My boyfriend had ordered this Ankle Bracelet for me for valentines day. Although the item is very beautiful when i had gotten it, It didn't fit my ankle. Other then this item not fitting around my ankle everything else was fine, it shipped and got here on time. <end>  Sparkles  This anklet was a gift for a young lady who truly loves it. It looks great on her ankle and she really enjoys watching it reflect the light. <end>  great  this item shiped on time and I had no problem with the seller or item <end>  Poor Quality  Purchased this item and was very disappointed in the quality, cheaply made clasp was very fragile and a stone fell out on the first day of wear, lasted two days before the clasp broke. <end>  Perfect fit!  No ankle should go without owning at least one sparkly rhinestone anklet! Mine was the perfect size and slipped just under my ankle bone but not far enough to be uncomfortable with shoes.This item is not .925 sterling silver so if you absolutely need that, keep looking. So far I have had no issues (i.e. skin turning green ~ eek!) wearing it and find it is my new favorite piece! <end>  Love it!  Definitely going with me to Vegas. Has a nice sparkle to it (even though they're just crystal rhinestones). Pretty snazzy! <end>  Wonderful  I have bought three of these now since I love it so much and now my pedicurist wants one and so does my mother they are wonderful, simple and elegant. <end>  Finally a sparkle!!  I love sparkle on my ankle..this fit beautifully around my ankle. Finally an ankle bracelet that is noticed and very sexy. Nice clasp on it too. I never take off. I do have small ankles and this fits exact to a size 10" approx. Very impressed with this. Very affordable and comfortable! Nice product. I'm almost tempted to have one on each ankle   ) <end>  Anklet  Hey! These ankle bracelets are awesome. My friends always comment on them, so I bought more to give them as gifts. A definite excellent purchase. <end>  VERY SEXY  Anklet Bracelet Austrian Crystal Rhinestones Clasp SeXy GiftI LOVE THE ANKLET BUT IT IS A LITTLE LARGE. I WILL NEED TO FIND A JEWELER WHO CAN SHORTEN IT AN INCH. <end>  Cheap for the GF  This was a spontaneous item I got, I honestly didn't think she would like it so much, but she did. Advice for you fellas, Don't let her see how much you paid when she gets it. But this is a great gift. <end>
 B000GUAC9S  Sterling Silver 4mm Beads 7 8 inch Bracelet With Lobster Clasp ||	  very nice  very nice bracelet for the price...my wife loved it as a stocking stuffer! clasp seems a little weak,but only time will tell! <end>  Excellent!  My Hubby and I bought this bracelet as a gift for our 13 yr old daughter - and it is everything it promises. It's well made, beautiful, fits perfectly, and we imagine it will for years to come. We'll definitely order more as gifts down the road. <end>  Good to GO  I ordered the before x-mas and it did not make on x-mas day. But I should have done it earlier. Still it came in under a week. <end>
 B000GVMK8S  SN030DC Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1mm Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Can't find a better site than Gem Avenue  I have posted several reviews for different pieces of jewelry that I have purchased from Gem Avenue. I have purchased several pendants & love the ease of being able to place them on these chains. The narrow link makes it so easy to change any pendant you want to wear. The clasp is easy to use also. You cannot go wrong purchasing from this site!! <end>  Italian Snake Chain Necklace  Sterling silver neclace. This was a great chain for the price and the shipping was fast. <end>  beautiful chain  Very fast delivery. This chain is beautiful, high quality. Can be worn with aor without a charm. I highly recommend it. <end>  Pleasantly Surprised!  The 1MM Italian Diamond Cut Sterling necklace surpassed my expectations. The lobster claw clasp is sturdy and the necklace itslef is spectacular. Very shiny, fluid and overall very appealing. I had recently bought another sterling silver necklace at Macy's for twice the price which I wasn't as happy with. I will look to order more items from Gem Avenue in the future. Thank you! <end>  Really nice  This was the perfect chain for the Cute Twin Cats pendant I ordered. It was just perfect for the cat lover in our family. I am very satisfied and thinking of ordering the pendant and chain for myself. <end>  20" Snake Chain  We just love these chains. Whenever we purchase a piece of jewelry that comes with a terrible chain, we purchase a snake chain instead. It's so smooth, pretty, but somehow helps to enhance the beauty of the piece (cross, etc.) that you use the snake chain with. I'll never buy anything but snake chains ... the lobster clasp is awesome, too! <end>  Sparkling Diamond Cut Sterlingt Silver 30" snake chain  The chain is shiny and beautiful and the clasp is very good. Great purchase. I had been looking for something like it in the stores and couldn't find anything that even comes close. I received the chain within a week or less...forget now but, it was very fast. I'd buy from Gem Avenue again. Thank you <end>  Received Tarnished Necklace!  I was excited to give this as a gift to my girlfriend for Christmas. When I looked at the necklace that I had received, I could not believe they would ship something so black and tarnished. I don't know how there are so many positive reviews on here, the piece I received was complete junk.Update  The seller contacted me, and offered to let me purchase another necklace with waived shipping, to replace the one I returned. They offered an explanation about silver tarnishing easily, and perhaps the plastic bag it was in wasn't completely sealed. In light of this, and the fact that tarnishing is a natural process, I have taken the picture down, but I still want the review to stay up as a warning of what you might get. <end>  It was a gift  My sister-in-law asked if I would order this for her oldest granddaughter. I've heard she was thrilled with it and wears it all the time. <end>  Beautiful!  I love this necklace! I needed a chain for a pendant I already had. It is smooth and shiny. The price was incredible as well. I will probably buy the next size larger as well. <end>  Sturdy should not be in the title of this item  I bought this chain for a pendant I made for my girlfriend. The clasp came apart from the jump ring the first night. Also, her hair keeps getting stuck in the links. This is a snake chain which should be very tightly linked. Altogether I found this to be pretty and shiny, but rather thin and flimsy, and the clasp is so tiny that it is hard for anyone to use unless they have very nimble fingers. I went to a local department store and purchased another one that was higher quality for the same price as this one. I will use this at another time after fixing it, because I don't want to pay return shipping. <end>  great price for this item  I purchased two of these chains and the value was great, far better than any store I looked at. Not only was the value great, the chain itself seems to be of very good quality. It was a win win situation all around. I didn't have to pay a lot of money and the chain looks great and was delivered to my door. Perfect! <end>  Elegant  Ordering jewelry online is always challenging as sometimes what you see is not always what you get. however here I am pleasantly surprised. The chain is just great, elegant and pleasing to the eye. <end>  Nice looking but  I like the look of this chain but had to return, it was yanking my hair out in chunks within 15 minutes of putting it on. Would never buy again. <end>  sterling silver chain  I purchased the sterling silver 1mm chain 18 inches. I thought that since it was stated that it was sterling silver it was a good piece of jewelry. I recieved the chain and wore it for about 4 hours and it changed colors. This chain shines and sparkles but it is not worth nothing. I advise anyone not to invest in this product. <end>  Didn't like it!  I was disappointed in this chain. I actually ordered two, one 18 inch and one 20 inch, but sent them both back. They were sturdy but the silver was almost unnaturally bright for sterling. It looked fake and did not match the sterling pendant I wanted to put on it. I almost kept them because of the awesome price just to see if they developed somewhat of a patina, but in the end decided to return them. Of course, with Amazon, returning was a breeze! <end>  Beautiful... and strong!  I am one of those who puts on a chain and wears it for days, weeks... ok, the last one I wore for a few years! When my last chain finally broke after many years of abuse (LOL!), I found this one on Amazon. Reviews were quite good, so I ordered it. The only time I take it off is to change pendants. Seriously, I sleep with it, bathe with it, play in it, and hang my sunglasses from it. Living in the Deep South, we are still having weather in the 90's, so the chain has even been exposed to sweat, but no sign of tarnish or dulling of any sort. I also have long hair, and have had no problems with the clasp catching or pulling. It is just as shiny and beautiful today as when I put it on a couple of weeks ago. I am very pleased with this chain and would not hesitate to recommend it to others! <end>  Great sparkle by itself and as necklace for Swarovski crystal pendants or your fave pendant  This is as noted by other reviews a lovely necklace by itself. Delicate looks yet strong. Classy but ok for casual or work or evening wear.It also richly compliments pendants, particularly the Swarovski pendants. They look great with the Sparkling Diamond Cut Sterling Silver 1MM Italian Snake Chain necklace. It is very reasonable and the pendents glide on easily as one side has a narrow clasp to easily glide on your pendants.I like the 24 inch length which is right at the top of your breast, the 30 inch length would be nice with longer sweaters at a length about bottom edge of bra or a little lower (I've decided to order that length also.)The necklace makes a great gift and for more personalization, add a Swarovski crystal pendant. Great for teens, young ladies and women. <end>  I hate it!  After a week of wear this chain turned, tried to clean it with a jewelry cloth, no luck. If I can kept the reciept would be returning this! <end>  turns orange  I would highly recommend that you dont spring for a supposedly sterling silver chain in the hopes that it will not &#34;turn&#34; like cheap stuff does. My 13 year old has been wearing this chain since october, and it is now turning brownish-orange. Id say its not nearly as pure as advertised because sterling doesnt change colors. It looks, for all intents, like plating is coming off. Steer clear, or just buy the plated if you want , and save the money for &#34;pure sterling&#34; if your considering buying this chain. <end>  Pulls my hair out  This necklace is very attractive. It is very shiny and a nice thickness. However, my hair get stuck in the clasp all the time, even if it is in a ponytail it somehow finds a way to get stuck. <end>  I want to like this  This chain is beautiful and fit my pendant that I received for my anniversary but this chain grabs my hair. I can't feel any rough areas on it but it will grab and wind pieces of my hair around itself, maybe mine is defective? even though I don't see anything. I ended up using a different chain because I couldn't stand having my hair pulled all the time. My hair seems to wrap around near the clasp. This is OK for an occasional wear but I find it unacceptable for daily wear. <end>  Beautiful Sterling Silver necklace  I was very pleased with the quality and the speed of delivery for the 30" Sterling Silver necklace I ordered. I ordered it for some birthstone beads that I already had. The clasp was narrow enough to allow the beads to be threaded on. The chain was thick enough that it held the beads in a gentle arc so they did not flip flop onto each other. <end>  Shine, shine, shine  Chain is so shiny and pretty - a perfect thickness to hold a pendant, or to wear alone. I have the 24" length and often wear it without a pendant, having it hang below a shorter chain & pendant. It is very flexible and easy to coil up and store in a very small space. Love it! <end>  silver chain  This was a good value for the money, but it was a lot thinner than I expected it to be from looking at the pictures online. <end>  great chain for the price  I got this for deployment and I am really hard on chains and have not had a problem with it. Also it is great quality for the price and pretty, who could ask for more. <end>  SN030DC-18 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver 1 MM Sturdy Snake 18" Chain Necklace  i bought three types of thisand all came in RUSTi wonder what kind of silver was usedi am a faithful customer on amazon and i wonder why i should be treated like thisi know i can return these but i ordered for an occasion made so much noise and now see what i have <end>  Sterling Silver diamond cut chain  I ordered and recieved this item in the quickest time and I am so satisfied with this product. It was a gift for my 16year old daughter to wear her heart pendant--she loves it and it looks beautiful on her!...thank you for the speedy delivery also! <end>  Beautiful Chain  I bought oldest daughter a diamond cupcake pendant for Christmas but the chain that came with was too delicate. She was afraid that it would break. We picked out this beautiful chain for the cupcake. She loves it! It's goes perfectly with the cupcake, and she feels more confident that this chain will better protect it.Thanks. <end>  This one's for real, folks!  Last year I ordered a necklace and charm for my wife from another vendor--while the charm was nice, the necklace turned out to be poor quality and rather unattractive.So, she stumbles upon this one and puts it on her wish list. Me, being skeptical, read the reviews and hope like the blazes that these women are telling the truth about how gorgeous this necklace truly is.I order it, and it arrives just before Christmas, as promised. It turns out to look great to even me--a hard core "jewelry is silly" kind of guy. Not surprisingly, my wife absolutely loves it. She's already commented on how sturdy the clasp is, and has gotten several compliments on the necklace.To summarize...Gem Avenue has a great product here. You'd be silly to pass it up. <end>  Wonderful  I purchased two of these chains (20 in.) as Christmas presents. Both arrived quickly in perfect condition. Lookwise, these are really nice  they "sparkle" and definitively attract attention. I have no idea about the durability of these, but they look well made. Overall, MUCH better than anything available in stores at this price. <end>  Great gift idea  This was ordered as a gift. It is very high quality and extremely well received. Recommended for any age. <end>  Beautiful chain  I was looking for a 30 inch narrow chain to use with a pendant I bought my Mom for Christmas. I had a lot of trouble finding one until I discovered this chain on Amazon. Not only was the chain very attractive and quite sparkly, but it seemed much more expensive than it was. It fit the bill perfectly for me. It was delivered in plenty of time for Christmas and my Mom was thrilled with it. <end>  wine country gal  Just beautiful! I love it! And it will be just perfect for the pendants I purchased. <end>  Great Purchase!  This chain is awesome! The sparkle is brilliant and it looks like an expensive piece of jewelry. The clasp is small enough to fit even my smaller pendents and the 24" slips over my head easily. You will not be dissapointed with this purchase. <end>  necklace  This was part of a gift for my fifteen year old grandaughter. it was delivered very promptly on her birthday. When the star pendant was added she said it was beautiful!Great service. Thank you. <end>  NICE!  I am very pleased with this necklace, and the service of this company was very good. I didn't have to wait long to get this in the mail, even having used the standard shipping. The necklace is very shiny and pretty, and it looks expensive (but the price was not). I would definately order from this company again! <end>  Good buy  This is a great, shiny, sturdy sterling chain.SN030DC-14 Italian Sterling Silver 1MM Shiny 8 Sided Sturdy Snake 4" Chain Necklace. <end>  Perfection Plus  This chain, and this particular seller are perfect. I have ordered from Gem Avenue before and was so impressed by the first purchase that I just had to come back. This chain is beautiful, well made, the clasp is easy and also well made. No worry about it opening at all. The craftsmanship displayed in the making of and finished product of this item reflects the sellers good choice in products and my business is his. <end>  20" Italian Snake chains  This is a very beautiful well made chain. I ordered 4 of these chains to replace chains on my wife's necklaces. She loves the look and feel of these chains so much that she sometimes wears one without a pendant. This is a very good value and I highly recommend them to everyone looking for Sterling Silver chains. <end>  GREAT STERLING SILVER CHAIN!  I bought this 14" chain and a 14" box chain and the snake chain is my favorite of the two. Both chains have a small end that you can put a smaller bailed pendant on them. High quality sterling silver at a great price. Makes a wonderful "choker" necklace of any pendant! <end>  14" silver chain  It's a challenge finding a sterling silver 14" snake chain. When I did a search Gem Avenue popped up and I immediately ordered this chain. It is perfect and the clasp is small enough to attach my numerous pendants. Delivery was prompt, and I will definitely purchase additional jewelery items from Gem Avenue. <end>  chain for a locket for a 13 yr old girl for her birthday. it is just perfect and I like the low price.  I bought a beautiful locket for my 13 yr old granddaughter without a chain. The chain I bought from Amazon is the perfect length, and looks like it was made for the locket. very satisfied. <end>  Shiny, pretty chain  I am so happy with my chain it's pretty, shiny and came very quickly. . .I have no complaints whatsoever. <end>  perfect purchase  My daughter returned from a trip bringing with her a silver charm in need of a chain.I looked locally but the chains I found were not worth the money they were asking for them. This chain was a good value and just beautiful. I would certainly go to this supplier again should the need arise in the future. <end>  AMAZINGLY DELICATE  I'd LIKE TO SAY THAT THIS IS A 14" CHAIN AND NOT A 16" as ordered...and am I happy it wasn't 16" or it'd be too long......she's very warmly satisfied. <end>  Good quality!  For the price, I was expecting something about as stiff and unyielding as one of those freebie chains that comes when one purchases a pendant. I was pleasantly surprised; this chain is soft but sturdy, nice sparkle, too. I've already given the seller a high rating, and I would not hesitate to purchase again in the future. <end>  Necklace  This was a good quality piece for the price. Shipping was quick. I will be buying another chain in the future and would go to this company again. <end>  Just Right  This is just what I was looking for to interchange with my different pendants. It is very pretty and does not overpower the pendants. I will update if I see any issues about quality but I won't be wearing it on a regular basis. I do plan to get them in all sizes available and actually already have the 18" and 20" sizes. <end>  Great Value  My 18 inch necklaces were always too long but this necklace was just the right length, arrived in three days and was gorgeous for the price. <end>  Beautiful Simple Elegance  I was looking for a decent priced necklace that was 18 inches long that was dull in color or felt dainty as I like to wear larger pendants. My husband actually ordered this necklace after I had given up the search and I must say I do love it. It has a beautiful shine and sturdy, so I dont worry about wondering if the chain has broken. Overall it is a great necklace. <end>  linda k  I just love Amazon. I have made many purchases and was totally satisfied with all of them.My latest purchased was just as I expected. Price was good as was the quality. <end>  great item!  this was a excellent buy, arrived in time and was packaged properly. very satisfied with the price and the item <end>  Worth twice as much, great for pendant  This chain is fantastic. It is smooth and classy, just the right length for a pendant. The clasp works well and feels very strong. The best part is the chain is self, it is so smooth and continuous that it can support gold or silver jewelry. Both look excellent. <end>  Great product  Bought this as a gift for a family member. The chain was beautiful, but more importantly it was sturdy enough for the person we were buying for. Too many chains appear either too flimsy or too bulky. This was just what we wanted, strong but sleek. Again it has a beautiful appearance and is still strong enough for our needs. <end>  Prettier than in photos, well-made. Good value.  I'm sometimes apprehensive about non-Amazon sellers, but this product is really great. Shines, is sturdy, great price. What's not to like? <end>  The Pic does not do it Justice!  Lovely! Beautiful shine to this chain, and very well made. I have seen this type of chain for double in stores and not as nice. Great buy! <end>  Exactly what I wanted at a great price  I ordered the chain for my wife so she can finally start wearing her nice jewelry again. The charms have always been beautiful but the chains with which they came have always been flimsy & too easily broken or knotted. I needed something sturdy but light and that wouldn't tangle. The chain is very pretty and, compared to what I've seen in stores, the price is excellent. She loved it and, therefore, I am very pleased. <end>  Handsome  A very handsome chain. Very shiny, lobster clasp makes it easy to put on. Very good quality. I am very happy with it. It is a gift for my hubby. He can't wear our wedding ring anymore except around his neck and this chain suited it very well. <end>  Great Chain & Quality for price No Sensitivities for a Metal Sensitive Wearer  Item delivered as described, great quality....had no problems with metal reactions or turning as with some jewerly as I am extremely sensitive to metals to the point can only wear pure gold and silver, costume jewelry or silver with mixed metal usually turn black after short time. I have been wearing since purchase no irritation or discolorment...if something changes will update ....but as of now I am extremely happy with purchase. <end>  ABSOLUTELY STUNNING!!!  This chain is absolutely beautiful! The picture cannot do it justice...stunning in real life! It was shipped quickly, packaged very safely and was presented nicely in a small silver colored cardboard jewelry box, just top with a bow and it's ready to be given as a gift  ) When I placed my order for this chain I was just expecting a typical looking piece, nothing to be excited about. When it arrived I literally smiled ear to ear at its beauty! Sadly, I only purchased one as a gift for my sister...so I have it give it away  ( But upon seeing it I immediately added it to my own Amazon wish list and told my husband about it  ) The style is very multi-functional, it can be worn with a casual pendant or a very elegant style pendant...you could even wear the chain just by itself...really, IT'S THAT BEAUTIFUL! It is extremely sleek and unbelievably shiny and seems to be quite durable with a sturdy clasp, it lays nicely around the neck without any stiffness or irregular curving...flows with your neck/collar bone shape. Since this one is not going to be worn by me, I cannot comment on how fast or if it tarnishes, but by the looks of it the tarnish (if/when it shows up) would be very easy to wipe off with a simple swipe using a jewelry cleaning cloth. Since the chain is basically one tightly linked piece there won't be any difficulties with having to fuss about cleaning crevices like there are with other type chains. Overall, wonderful purchase! Incredible value for such a great price! I would definitely recommend purchasing this for yourself or as a gift...anyone and everyone would appreciate it!! <end>  Tangle Free  This chain was just what i was looking for for my granddaughter who has curly hair. Most chains have an open link design which tends to tangle easily in hair. This one does not and looks nice and feels solid enough to last with a child. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  We bought this necklace as a gift for our daughter for christmas. Its shiny and beautiful and we are sure she will love it. good quality. <end>  Great quality for the price  This chain is exactly what I was looking for! Charms slide on and off easily and it does not tangle! I would recommend this product highly! <end>  gorgeous chain, terrific price  i love this chain. it's even nicer than it appeared in the photo. it's sturdy and gorgeous and a terrific price <end>  Love the chain  I have purchased quiet a few necklaces, rings from Jem Avenue. Products are as advertised never disappointed in products or service. This is a beautiful chain if considering my advice is buy it! I actually live in Australia and I am over the moon with the quality. Thank you <end>  Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Sturdy Snake 18" Chain Necklace  I am so pleased with the chain necklace that we received. It is gorgeous and I highly recommend it! I get compliments on it every time I wear it. It was a very decent price and I received it quickly. It is beautiful & I thank you. <end>  Sterling Silver Chain  I really liked it when I received it. However, after wearing it for a few days, the part of the chain that was closest to my neck discolored. I have never experienced that with other silver chains. I had diffulculty cleaning it with silver polish and that area is nowhere as shiny as the rest of the chain. I would not purchase this again. <end>  Beautiful chain  Purchased this chain to replace chain on a pendant that was too short. After receiving chain, found that it did not fit the pendant I wanted to use it with (my fault). However, I like this chain so well that I used it with another pendant that I had. It is beautiful and well made. A real bargain! <end>  Just perfect!  I bought this as a replacement chain for a treasured necklace. It's actually better quality than the original and at a great price! <end>  great quality  Was exactly as advertised. It did tarnish quickly as is the properties of such metals. I need to use a anti tarnish finish or a quality cleanqing cloth <end>  Great chain  Great chain at a great price. My husband loves it. Very durable and fluid. Looks really nice. Thanks Gem Avenue! <end>  perfect little chain  Excellent quality. This is the second one I bought because once my sister saw it, she wanted one also. Perfect for all types of charms or pendants. <end>  sterling silver chain necklace  beautiful, simple yet elegant silver chain that shines and is simple enough to have multiple charms that will compliment the necklace <end>  Great buy  I love the way this chain falls on the neck, beautiful fluid movement. Just the length I was looking for. <end>  Exactly what I was looking for  I wanted a necklace for a particular pendant so that it would hang where I wanted. This one is perfect, and I love the snake chains. They seem sturdier than some other type chains. Great purchase! <end>  Makes a great gift. High quality with silver proof stampings.  good price, beautiful quality, and perfect shipping. She was very pleased with this gift. I would recommend this seller, and product. Unlike some other necklaces this is definitely silver. Stampings exist on clasps. <end>  silver necklace  I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. I think it is very nice. I would do bussiness with them again. I give them an A++++++++++ <end>  Amazing present  This necklace turned out to be an amazing present. Its beutiful and does sparkle when the light hits it. Its very durable and looks great with just about anything. <end>  A Real Sparkler  I just love this necklace. It really does sparkle in the light and is extremely durable. I get a lot of complements and people cannot believe it's sterling silver, but think it is white gold. I would recommend this necklace highly. <end>  sparkly chain  I needed a smart looking chain to match a medal that I had. I ordered this chain and it was exactly what I wanted! The chain looked great with the medal. The quality and feel of the chain made it a joy to wear. <end>  Wonderful Chain!  My mother purchased this chain (2 of them) for some medals she purchased. When they came in, they were not only beautiful but they were very sturdy. I am planning on ordering another one for some of my sterling silver charms. This company is wonderful as they sent them very quickly and were exactly as expected. <end>  STUNNING***ABSOLUTELY STUNNING***  Sparkling Diamond Cut Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Snake Chain NecklaceI have , in the past, ordered various pieces of jewelry online. Some I have been pleased with, some were eh, acceptable, and some were just downright awful.BUT THIS ONE WAS PERFECT. I bought it for my daughter, who is so picky and hard to please, that I really had my doubts.She was thrilled and so was I.( I liked it so much, she almost didn't get it) So I think I'll order another one for myself.You can truly order this one with complete confidence. <end>  First rate chain  I agree it's sparkly and pretty. Perfect for charms and the snake closure makes it easy to take on and off. <end>  REALLY SPARKLY AND NICELY MADE!  I love this chain! I got the 30" lengnth for layering. I am wearing it with a harmony ball I got from Bali. It looks great! Ive been wearing it all week! Really nicely made and it does sparkle! It is a thin yet sturdy chain. PERFECT for layering or longer necklaces! Fits most charms! Ill buy from you again for sure! Also, they ship really fast and it comes in a pretty silver little paper gift box.! Im delighted! THANK YOU! <end>  Exceptional product  This chain looks absolutely adorable. Also, the seller shipped it amazingly fast. It was beautifully giftboxed. I will definitely buy from Gem Avenue again. <end>  Great value - very pretty chain  I bought two chains and I was very happy with both of them. I think they are very good quality for the price. I won't hesitate to purchase again. <end>  sterling silver snake necklace  The length of the necklace is perfect. The clasp is fine. My objection is that it looks a lot more sturdy in the photo than it actually is. Very fine and wimpy looking chain. Will notn order from here again. <end>  Sterling Silver Necklace  I am very pleased with the quality and appearance of this necklace. I do plan to purchase more as gifts. <end>  Great!  The chain arrived quickly and it was better than anticipatedd. I weight it perfect but yet it is sturdy. Wonderful service. <end>  Arrived tarnished  The chain would have been nice but it arrived tarnished. Haven't decided if I will try to clean it or send it back <end>  Awesome  I love these. I need more of them. I will look for a variety of mm and length and then I'll be ever so happy <end>  Very Happy  I bought 7 of these for my grand daughters, to replace a very dainty chain that came with the Angel Pendants I got for them. I wanted them to be able to wear their Angels without worrying about the chain breaking. So far I am Happy with these chains. <end>  I love it!  I definately am pleased with this chain. It is sturdy and definately worth the price. I purchased it to wear with a couple of heart pendants I bought here on Amazon because the chains on them were shorter than what I like. The pendants arrived on the same day as the chain....I am pleased and would reccomend this chain to anyone who prefers a strong chain. <end>  sterling silver chain  I thought I ordered a longer chain and it's too short so I can't use it. I'm not sure how to return it. <end>  Great.  I really like this necklace. I switch this one with my pendants. So much better than having to spend way more at that &#34;box store&#34;. I'm very happy with necklace. <end>  perfect  I purchased this chain to compliment a &#34;charm&#34; which was classier than the chain it came with. This chain is a perfect length and diameter. It lays very nicely and so far has not tangled. <end>  bad quality  this chain it's too bad, the material it`s not good, is black in some places, very upset with this product. not recommend <end>  Hair trap  Purchased the 14" for my wife since she is very petite and the 18" chains that most pendants come with are much too long. She liked the look and size but her hair kept getting caught in the clasp. Wore it for 2 hours now it's in the box. <end>  Strong & Elegant  I love it! Very beautiful and sturdy... I have an 8 month old baby boy that loves to latch on to this sparkling chain. He's definitely a test of its strength. Great price, great quality. <end>  Great jewelry at a great price!  I have been looking silver necklaces on many other sites, but could not find the quality and price your business offered. Your images, descriptions and prices are greaet. I will order again! <end>  Nice Chain  Got the chain for my 14 year old niece. Very nice chain for the price. Would have been a better value if shipping was not as high. <end>  great chain-great price  I ordered this chain to put my Celtic cross on. The chain is lovely alone as well. The diamond cut makes it very pretty. As I walk into buildings, I can see the chain sparkle in the sun light. I get many comments on this piece of jewelry. I will Be looking for more items to purchase from this company. <end>  wonderfully beautiful product!  i ordered this item to display a seperate pendant and it just looks amazing. i highly recommend this item to anyone looking for a silver chain. the length was a little worrying at first but it turned out perfect. it looks exquisite and i am very satisfied. <end>  SILVER CHAIN  I ordered this item based on the picture on the web site. I wasn't expecting it to be quite as beautiful, but was very pleased to find quality jewelry at a very affordable price. I plan on ordering several more in different sizes. Thanks for keeping this customer happy. <end>  Like liquid silver!  I bought one of these for my wife and one for my daughter to go with some very special pendants so of course I wanted the quality to be perfect. The low price made me wonder but the reviews convinced me to give it a try (and I was prepared to send them back had that move been a mistake.)I was not disappointed and neither were they; in fact, we were delighted. The picture cannot do the necklace justice. The shine is like liquid silver and the feel is very fluid. I have seen much more expensive necklaces that were not nearly as impressive. <end>  very sturdy so far  I never take my jewelry off, I wash with it, and play with it...I have broken so many chains it's not funny. Most necklaces and bracelets come with chains that if you sneeze wrong it's broken and the clasps are a joke most of the time. Another reason why I stick with sterling silver now.This chain so far looks like it will go the distance, and if it lasts a year with me then you can be sure it is quality! I will let you know. SO far it's been a month which is still pretty good for most chains. <end>  Simply great  This chain was so much more than I thought it could be for the price. It is just great. Get so many compliments on it. <end>  beautiful  i was needing a chain for a st. christophers medal. this chain is perfect, very expensive looking and the shine is beautiful. <end>  beautiful chain  This sterling chain is gorgeous. Very elegant and classy. It is well worth the money. It is nice to be able to order something you think is beautiful and when you get it, it actually is. I highly recommend this product. <end>  A truly sparkling snake chain with an unbelievable price!  Because of their fantastic prices compared to the competitors, I gave Gem Avenue a try and bought six chains to go with gift pendants. I was not disappointed! This chain had great sparkle and draped fluidly as a snake chain should. The clasp was strong (italian-type), and the chain held the pendant securely. So pretty! The chain, at such a great price, even came in a small gift box that could be wrapped and well-presented. Very good customer service, good delivery time. I'm happy! <end>  Wonderful necklace  This necklace is an amazing value and it is a really wonderful product. I ordered the 18" and was very impressed by the quality. I highly recommend this necklace. <end>  Very, very nice!  I needed a 30" chain and this sounded like just the thing from the description give. I wasn't disappointed! This is a quality chain that feels strong and looks really good. Not only did the chain meet and exceed my expectations, but the shipping was super fast and the transaction was flawless. <end>  A great accent for any pendant.  I bought this for my wife for her birth day and she loves it. I recommend it to all! <end>  Better than expected  I bought 2 of these for my Granddaughter for Christmas. The 20" and the 24" were beautiful. They were much better looking than I expected. I bought them on sale, which was a steal. But they would be a bargain at regular price. I even bookmarked Gem Avenue on my computer for future occasions, since I have 3 Grandchildren in 3 different states. Now that I have seen the quality, I can have them ship. What a deal!! <end>  Cool Chain  This 1 mm, 30-inch chain is excellent. Even better, I give my highest recommendation to the 2 mm chain, it is beyond brilliant and well worth the extra cost. The 1 mm chain works for smaller medals, the 2 mm is exceptional for larger. This is a seller I intend to work with in the future. For chain necklaces like this, it's simple for me... no need to go anywhere else, I will stick with Gem! <end>  Very nice chain  I've used this chain with a variety of pendants and have found it to be very versatile as well as durable. It had a nice sheen to it when it arrived that has not diminished with wear. Since it's not particularly delicate or feminine looking, I imagine the chain would work well for females of all ages as well as younger males. The clasp is sturdy and easy to use. Overall, I think the quality is exceptional, especially when considering the price point. I like it so much, in fact, that I'm going to order one in 22". <end>  Perfect for what I wanted  I bought this for our 3 year old flower girl. It was perfect. It looked pretty enough but we didn't have to worry on her losing it, the clasp was secure enough for her to run around all day. It added to the charm we used as the pendant and made it shine.Thank you Gem Avenue. <end>  Really shiny and sparkly!  This necklace is so much better than I expected - I didn't expect it to be so shiny and sparkly and the chain is thicker than I thought it was going to be. Really good quality necklace, very good quality silver, great for the price! Even though the chain is a bit thicker than I thought it was going to be, the clasp is small enough so I can wear any of my pendants on this chain, even the tiniest ones, which is great - I've been disappointed so many times in the past, when necklases I'd ordered online had oversized clasps and I couldn't wear any of my pendants on them. But thankfully I didn't have such a problem with this one - the clasp is just right, and the necklace itself is the perfect width and at 20" long it's the perfect lenghth. Great look and very good quality and for the price it's a steal! <end>  sparkling  I wanted to let you know my story. Before purchasing this item, I purchased a chain from one of your "competitors" lets just say its a internet and tv based jewelry site. The chain cost more than yours and was cheap looking and not as long as it was suppose to be. So I was a tad skeptical placing an order with this site. It came quickly and was more than I expected. I have it on right now. Will definately be purchasing here again. <end>  Excellent  Love this necklace. Very well made, goes with everything. Wear it everyday and in the shower and everything. Wouldn't want anything else. <end>  Simply Beautiful  This chain exceeded my expectations. It feels really soft next to the skin and it looks like liquid silver. I purchased the longer length to hold a pendant and the two look fabulous together. I highly recommend this chain. <end>  greaat chain for the money!  I was very pleased with the way this chain looked and was delighted to be able to give it as a gift. I was amazed that such a nice looking chain was so reasonably priced. <end>  Shiny, pretty & soft necklace  I purchase this necklace along with a pretty charm. The necklace is pretty, shiny and very comfortable. Thank you so much I love this item and wear it often. I'm very pleased with the quick delivery. Thank you!! <end>  Beautiful!  I purchased this necklace as a replacement for one that had broken...it's more beautiful than the original one, and is extremely comfortable to wear. I don't know how durable it is, having only worn it a few times, but it has outlasted the original already. <end>  Perfect Chain  I have been looking for a nice lightweight chain of good quality and length. This one was perfect. Also they are very quick with delivery. I will shop with them again and again. <end>  A perfect gift  I find this item in Amazon and bought it as a gift for my wife. She loves it dearly and always wears it when we go out to visit friends. It is a nice match to her Swarovski teddy bear pendant. It looks elegant and strong. I like it too, and am considering to buy another one. <end>  SPARKLING  So sheer and sparkling any woman would love to wear this around her neckSN030DC-16 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver 1mm Sturdy Snake 16" Chain Necklace <end>  snake chain  The chain I ordered came beautifully wrapped and in pristine condition. The chain is strong and flexible with a soft feel around the neck. The quality is exceptional. <end>  Excellent product  This is an excellent product. The chain necklace is high quality and is exactly what we needed and what we ordered. <end>  Very Nice Chain  I'm very happy with the appearance and quality of this chain. The pendant I bought it for slides on effortlessly and looks very nice. <end>  beautiful silver necklace  I was looking for an 18" silver snake chain necklace to replace one that came with a pendant I had purchased from another supplier. The one I owned had tarnished and I could not bring it back to life. This new chain is nickle free so I have high hopes for years of beautiful silver vibrance, and I especially love the lobster claw clasp, much better than the cheap spring clasps that can stop working over time and make the necklace vulnerable to falling off. I am very happy with this one, it is a nice thickness and a beautiful silver. <end>  Love this necklace  I love this necklace because it is so sturdy. It is holding a very heavy pendant of mine, but it is strong enough to wear it everyday. I even wear it to go exercise!Also, I love the shine of this necklace. I have owned other silver chains to hold my pendant. This is a very shiny sparkling necklace. I highly recommend it! <end>  Two strikes  I have actually purchased this necklace twice. The first one broke. I then bought another one at twice the price of the first because I wanted the length and design. This second necklace is impossible to clean. It gets black in different places. I can't get the black off with a silver polishing cloth. I washed it in soapy water and dried it carefully. That didn't help. This necklace has twice been a waste of money.SN030DC-30 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver 1mm Sturdy Snake 30" Chain Necklace <end>  Beautiful!!  I just received my necklace today. I bought the 16". It is so beautiful...I absolutely love it! I am buying 2 more today in different lengths. I love the way it shines and it looks like liquid silver. Very durable too. I must have more! Highly recommended!! <end>  Purchase review  The necklace is all I expected it to be. Outstanding quality and just right for what I was looking for. I also received it in a timely fashion. I am always satisfied with my purchases from Amazon <end>  20" Sterling Silver Chain Necklace  In a world of shorter chain necklace lengths, it is great to find 20 inch ones. This product is strong, but lightweight and meets myrequirements. A great buy for the price. <end>  Looks and Feels Fabulous!  This necklace is the real deal. I like it better than a regular chain because it does not have links that will break. I love the sleek look and feel of the snake chain. Any silver charm will look great with this chain. It arrived in a timely manner, and was packaged well enough for shipping, as well as for gift-giving. <end>  Good value  Attractive, well made chain, nothing special, just a good value. It seems sturdy enough to hold up to frequent use. <end>  nickel free!  I was so happy to find a lovely chain that was nickel free. I'm allergic to nickel which makes buying jewelry a bit of a problem sometimes. This chain takes care of that problem and is just what I needed to hold a neck charm I had bought. Although it's slender it's strong and attractive, the clasp works very well and I have no problem getting it on as I do with some chains. It was worth the money for me. <end>  Mixed feelings on this chain  I purchased this necklace for the first time in August 2010 in my quest to find something shiny, durable, and sturdy. I wear this necklace everyday - including when I run, climb, ski, etc (not swimming), and I only take it off occasionally. The first one last over 2 years!! It stayed nice and shiny with minimal kicks in the cord. I did find that small kinks could cause my hair to get caught in it, as another review noted.Fairly happy with it, I purchased a replacement, and this one has lasted less than 1 month! There is a significant kink in the cord - way bigger than any that were in my first one - and I am very afraid that this weak spot will cause it to break already. I am not aware of any outstanding event that caused it, I just noticed it one day. I am hoping this one was just an outlier but am still hesitant to buy a third one. I suppose the take away is that no necklace is invincible! <end>  16 necklace  I love the necklace. It is exactly what I was looking for. The size fits perfectly with the pendant that I plan to wear it with and the quality is great. <end>  beautiful  I have a lot of compliments when wearing it. Very shiny and stands out. Only one thing wrong it tangles in long hair. oops <end>  good  It's well, fits well but it is a little small for my neck. I think it would fit well on a woman. I need to find one... <end>  Classy.. exactly what i needed  Neckless is perfect.. It compliments any outfit i put on and isn't ignorant. I'm 6'2 and got the 22inch. Hits right where a V-neck ends. <end>  Pretty and sturdy  I had to replace a broken necklace and this was almost the same as the original one I had. The necklace is sturdy . The clasp is a smaller than I would have liked but it works. <end>  Great Chain!  This silver chain is excellent. It's a true snake chain and does not tangle (as snake chains shouldn't). It also has a nice quality "loop" clasp not those chinsy circular clasps. I got the 16" chain to hold a small pendant I have. If you are unsure of what size to get the 16" chain is very close to the neck. I got this specifically because it is a small pendant I was hanging from it and that was how it should hang. The standard chain length is 18" and hangs right where a necklace should so if you are unsure of what size to get that's probably the one you want to go with. 20" is a longer chain and isn't so common but is often used if one is wearing two necklaces and wants them to hang at different lengths so they are both visible. The silver seems to be of good quality and came shiny and polished. It hasn't tarnished much at all and cleans nicely with a cleaning cloth. I have had it for a while and don't wear it every day but so far there is no discoloration. IMPORTANT  this is a very thin chain. It says in the description and title 1mm but in case one wasn't really paying attention to that it is important to note that it is very thin. For me this worked great and it is a beautiful delicate chain but for someone looking for a thick chain this is not the one you want.Overall it's a great chain and the price is exactly where it should be.5/5 stars <end>  very nice chain  this chain is beautiful and the end is small enough so that all of my charms fit through it. so far this is the only chain that I have that hasn't broken. this was a good choice. <end>  Lovely chains at a wonderful price!  I own several of these chains. They are very nice, lightweight chains, and you can't beat the price. They look much more expensive than they are. They are good alone, one, two, or several, or with pendants attached.With all snake chains, sterling silver or white/yellow gold, be very careful on how you store and travel with them. They are very easy to get crimps, kinks, and bends in them that you can't even out, so they don't fall around the neck appropriately. Don't wrap or fold, they should be hung freely on a jewelry hook or when packing for travel, carefully wrap in tissue or soft cloth, flat and fully extended and tuck securely between soft clothes in your luggage. <end>  Superb Chain  Comfortable fluid quality. Perfectly accentuates the swarovski black crystal. And I can sleep with it without any irritations. An excellent buy. <end>  Sparkling silver snake chain  I love this chain it is very sparkly. I ordered the size 24 inches and it's perfect it's not too big or small it fits beautifully. I get a bad reaction to anything with "nickel" in it and I assure you this has no nickel it is all sterling silver. I'm very happy with this purchase and with the seller gem avenue it also arrived before it's delivery date. Thank you amazon and gem avenue for awesome customer service! <end>  A little thin  When I bought the chain, i expected it to be a little thicker & longer but that is my fault. The chain did break at the female clasp end but the vendor quickly replaced with another one. <end>  As beautiful as Christmas Tinsel!!  I have recently developed an affinity for sterling silver but not all chains are created equal. These chains are sleek, shiny, and strong. They sparkle in all light and are the most beautiful chains I have ever purchased, and trust me I have purchased a lot. They are so beautiful that I purchased six total in different links and even doubled one over to make into a bracelet. Very impressed with quality and definitely the price. <end>  Exquisite  I absolutely love this chain! It's very beautiful and strong. I never take it off and my young son likes to grab it often. You can't beat the price either. If something ever happens to this one or if I want to give a gift this is what I will order. Highly recommend!!! <end>  Polished and sophisticated!  Wonderful chain, great shine and good quality of workmanship. I am very happy with it, may order it in another size for a different pendant. <end>  Beautiful  Great chain. I bought 2 different lengths for myself and one for my sister. They do look awesome with the Swarvoski pendants. <end>  Great necklace for the price  Bought this to go with a locket we purchased elsewhere for my daughter's graduation. The silvertone matched well and my daughter was thrilled with it. <end>  Shining  My wife and I purchased this same chain last year for a cross we gave to our oldest son on his confirmation. Now we bought one for our other son to wear with his cross. These chains are beautiful, durable (enough for teenage boys) and hold a brilliant shine. The product is well worth the cost (a low cost I might add) and service is excellent. GEM AVENUE offers great prices, quick delivery and outstanding values. <end>  potentially HAZARDOUS to skin  Length   0 20 MinsWARNING  This is a video of an allergic reaction I had to the 16" snake chain necklace sold by GEM AVENUE and it maybe disturbing to squeamish people.The resolution is low which is probably a good thing because a more detailed visual of this rash would be disgusting.I wore the necklace to the gym, to shower, and to sleep for 2 days/nights in a row, so I obviously sweated on it. I woke up on the third day with this rash, it's less red in the video than in person. What's most disturbing about the rash is the patch of black skin towards the back of my neck. I've knowingly worn non-precious metal necklaces before and developed a similar rash with black patches of skin where the necklace touches skin.I don't understand how I could have gotten this rash unless the necklace is only partially made of sterling silver with some other non-precious metal if any silver at all. I've never had an allergic reaction like this to precious metals, i.e. gold, platinum, silver, and surgical steel, even while wearing them an entire month in a row (to the gym, beach, shower, sleep, etc.).If you are like me and are allergic to non precious metals, you might have the same reaction...but I hope you don't! <end>  Very Nice  Well made and very fluid. It has a really nice lobster claw clasp attached very securely. Lots of sparkle and shine. Ir looks classy. Thanks, Gem Ave., it's exactly what I was looking for. Thanks to all the other Amazon reviewers of this piece. I read them all before ordering. UPDATE  I purchase two of these chains. I've had them for quite a while and I wear them often. They still look like the day I bought them. The have never tarnished...not even a little bit. <end>  S.S. chain  I got this to go on a pendant, for the price this is a very good chain, way better than you can buy out of any store for the price. <end>  Whoops!  This is a follow up to the very positive review I gave this necklace about 1 1/2 weeks ago. Well, this morning after a very easy turn of the chain to move the clasp to the back of my neck, the chain just snapped apart, not at the clasp but just in the middle of the chain, like someone had just cut it with scissors. It is a shame because it looks really nice but now I am out the money and no chain. Very disappointed. Had not had it even 2 weeks. <end>  Something's fishy about this chain  The chain was purchased to replace a white gold chain that had stretched and broken. The chain was shipped quickly and appears as pictured. However, the chain caused a metal allergy severe enough that it can't be worn any longer. The recipient has several other solid silver chains which cause no problems at all; she also has a confirmed metal sensitivity to nickel. I'm not saying the chain is not silver (just suggesting) but there does seem to be something fishy when other solid silver chains cause no problems and this chain causes allergic reactions. The chain was cheap enough that I won't be returning it (return shipping would be too great a percentage of original purchase price) but I will be looking to buy a replacement chain from elsewhere and re-gifting this one. <end>  Chains arrived very tarnished  I purchased two chains for my 2 granddaughters. I was very disappointed with the chains when they arrived. They were very tarnished, and I had to polish them before they were useable. I was also disappointed because the texture of the chains was quite rough. I would not recommend this product to anyone. <end>  Broke after two months  I'm so disappointed in this necklace. When it arrived it was absolutely gorgeous, very bright and appeared well made. It broke after only two months of normal daily wear. I will be contacting the seller about a refund, and will update my review if and when appropriate. <end>  Don't waste your money!  I started using this chain around May 21st. Today, August 25th, just over 3 months later, the chain broke. The chain received no abuse whatsoever other than daily use, and it was never mishandled (bent, yanked, etc.). Such a disappointment and waste of money. A good chain should last more than a few months! <end>  Sparkly and pretty  I ordered one for myself and one for my mother-in-law, and we were both very happy. The diamond cut makes it very sparkly and pretty. And it seems to be a nice-quality chain. <end>  BEAUTIFUL!!!!  This chain is beautiful. I highly recommend it. Shiny, sturdy, sparkling. Do not hesitate to order it for yourself. <end>  third time's a charm!  the reason i say third time is that i have plowed through (broken) two previous thin snake chains which were not as sparkling and lovely as this one! this seems to be the strongest thus far, and the least expensive. it is quite thin and the length is as advertised. the clasp seems to be strong and is easy to use. <end>  30" snake chain  The 30" sterling silver chain is very pretty and sturdy. I especially like the lobster-claw closure. <end>  quality at a bargain  I originally had looked at and was going to purchase a more expensive item. I went with this because of the reviews and am very happy I did. I ordered 2 lengths and they are beautiful. Strong, shiny,and will be a compliment to any of my charms or pendants. Happily will order from this co. again. <end>  Need dainty fingers  I love this chain. It's very pretty and looks expensive. I bought two different lengths and am glad I did. My only problem is that I struggle with the dainty fastening hardware. I was bringing the necklace to work and asking for help putting it on until I added a short extender with a larger clasp and now I'm happy. If you have a hubby or child who can help, then it would be a 5-star product! Gem Avenue, the vendor, is great.... <end>  Perfect ~  I bought this chain as a replacement chain for a very special locket.I am impressed by the sturdy quality - yet delicate beauty. It is perfect for what I wanted it for. Thank you.  -) <end>  Like starlight  To hold this chain in your hand is like holding shining starlight. It's a tough chain, despite its delicate appearance, and this is the second one I've purchased. I will without doubt be buying another! <end>  Excellent quality  I was impressed with how soft and reflective the chain is. I purchased it to complement a Italian Horn Charm by Rembrandt Charms, and two look lovely together.I would recommend this chain to anyone that has a need for a very well polished and shiny chain, or looking to combine a chain with more sterling silver charms.It also came packaged in a wonderful gift box, which I was not aware of when I purchased it. <end>  This chain is beautiful  I love the diamond cut. It makes the chain look very expensive. It looks great with or without a pendant. <end>  Pretty Chain  Fast delivery and very nice sterling silver necklace for pendants or to wear alone; competitively priced for a 20". Pleased with this purchase. <end>  It turns!!!  I bought this chain to go with a locket for my mother for Christmas. It was very pretty when it arrived, after a month she had to stop wearing becaue the color started to turn on her neck. ITS JUNK!!!! <end>  Tarnished upon arrival  Found black tarnish on the clasp and all over the chain right out the box. Seems to confirm the fact that this is not real .925 sterling silver. <end>  So Shiny  I absolutely love this chain. It is so shiny and luxurious, it way exceeded my expectations. My only regret is that I purchased it in the 18", I think I should've gotten a longer size. In any case please don't second guess this purchase. The picture doesn't do the chain justice. <end>  LIQUID SILVER!  This snake chain is more beautiful and strong than anything I've seen in stores for quadruple the price! It moves beautifully and it's so moveable, it will pool into a one inch area, yet hangs smooth and straight on my neck, with or without a pendant. Buy this one --- you won't be "snakebit"! <end>  Sterling Silver Snake Chain  I am very happy with this chain (24") and have just ordered a second one. I also bought the 30". They are very sturdy chains, but aren't "chunky" and have lots of sparkle without overpowering the pendant on them. I've bought several silver chains, and these are just perfect! I would highly recommend them!! <end>  Best chain ever ...  I am very particular about the necklace chains I wear because I am sensitive to the chaffing or catching that sometimes occurs with cheap chains. This chain is very smooth and comfortable to wear. It slides over sensitive skin without catching or pulling. It also retains its shine and glistens beautifully. I plan to purchase more so as to replace the chains for my other silver pendants. If you're in the market for a new chain, search no more! <end>  Very nice!  I am very happy with the necklace. I gave up wearing jewelry due to my nickel allergy, but have recently starting purchasing nickel-free jewelry online. I love this necklace and am happy to finally be able to wear jewelry again. I would definitley recommend this to my friends. <end>  Nice chain  Do not be afraid to buy this chain. Its beautiful. Very "fluid", nice weight, great presence around your neck. It's just the right size, not too small and not too big. Makes a nice pendant chain. Great delivery from Amazon and Gem Avenue. Ordered on Jan. 31, received on Feb 4. Would highly recommend. <end>  Delicate looking, but perfect for even larger pendants  I bought this to wear with a variety of silver pendants. So far it has been sturdy enough for my heavier pendants, but it looks delicate and has a lovely shine. I have worn it alone and it was pretty on its own, too. Overall, I would recommend this. I have only had it a few weeks so I cannot attest to durability. For the price, it is an exceptional item. Looks as nice as chains I have that cost twice as much. <end>  perfect  just what I was looking for to replace a chain my cross would get hung up on. Nice and slick so the pendant stays front and center. <end>  BEAUTIFUL!  I love this necklace. It is very shiny and it looks like it costs alot more than it was.I will be purchasing more of the same necklaces but in different lengths. <end>  as advertised  nice quality have had mines for a while now and have had no issues very shiny and the perfect length <end>  Exactly what I wanted  This necklace chain is sturdy and shiny, but small enough to put my charm on. I do not see how it could bother your neck like the other reviewer said, but I don't wear my jewelry 24/7. <end>  Sterling Silver 1mm Sturdy Snake Chain  This is really a good buy. The weight is substantial and it is very shinny. The only suggestion is to buy both the 18&#34; and 20&#34; as you'll need both to accommodate all necklines. <end>  Snake chain necklace  My chain broke I need a replacement This chain is great It replaces my old 1 Perfectly Received it very fast For a great price I was lost without my crucifix And you got my new chain very fast I was without it for only 2 or 3 days Great job That's why I keep coming back <end>  Great looking chain  The clasp has too small an opening on an otherwise great looking chain that really sparkles. I will be a great gift. <end>  bueatiful  just the right size for charms an d is a sturdy chain made to last a long time.Nice gift. <end>  Gorgeous and Top Dollar  I bought the product for my daughter and I wanted something that was beautiful, and rich looking and am very satisfied with the quality of the product. The chiain is smooth in texture, has a great patina and I'm sure it is not going to lose it's luster as others have done. <end>  very nice and shiny  I think it is a nice and shiny chain and it goes well with my pendant. the sturdy snake sterlin silver material is good quality. <end>  Great chain!  I love it! The only thing is I wish the clasp was a little larger.It is hard for my &#34;old&#34; hands to manipulate. Otherwise, itis beautiful and just what I wanted. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful!!!  I don't know very much about silver jewelry and when you order online you take your chances. Sometimes what you get looks completely different from what you expected as is in this case, this chain is Absolutely Beautiful!! It is MORE than I expected; the picture doesn't do it justice. The clasp is very secure, the chain itself is remarkably well made, sleek, smooth and eye-catching, it sparkles. The price and shipping are Very reasonable for the product you are getting. You won't be disappointed!! <end>  Good Buy  Good quality silver - Awesome finish - does not hurt and reall value for money. Glad I got it <end>  Diamond Chain  I love my diamond cut chain. I put a pendent on it. The chain lays comfortably on the neck. I will buy another when I need it. <end>  Good value and beautiful!  I really like the diamond cut of this necklace, it sparkles in the light beautifully, and it goes with every silver charm I have. It's very strong, not prone to break, so I can wear it even when I'm playing sports. <end>  Sturdy and sparkly  This chain is beautiful! I was looking for a chain that would allow a fit for even the smallest charm. It is fluid and very shiny. Well-made also. <end>  Beautiful!  It is prettier in real life than I could have ever imagined. It really does sparkle. I paired it with a pendant to give as a graduation gift, and almost kept for myself. <end>  Beautiful Chain  This chain was dressier and better than expected for the price. I put an imported piece of art on it that was also silver and received many compliments in my office. I also wore it with a "little black dress" for a nice dinner and received compliments. It is delicate and long enough to wear with shorter chains to make a set. I highly recommend it. <end>  Shiny and affordable!  This chain was so sparkly and shiny! The diamond cut is beautiful. Great value, and my mother loved the look of it. Since you can get it in different sizes, what's not to like? Goes great with any silver pendant you have or plan on buying. <end>  Great Chain-Great Price  I bought this chain for my daughter who wanted a more sturdy silver chain for a locket that was given to her. She really likes it and is very happy with it. I would recommend this chain to anyone who is looking for a sturdy yet delicate looking chain. I have bought a few things online now and every time I am pleasantly surprised. Beautiful shiny chain of excellent quality and best of all...excellent price! <end>  great chain - great value  It is hard to buy jewelry on-line, but this is the best experience I've had. The price, the service and product are all of the highest quality one could possibly expect. The chain is a great quality, sturdy, sparkly, well made. I have several silver pendants that I would like to wear at different lengths depending on my clothing, so I will eventually buy all sizes. <end>  Love it  I purchased this necklace to replace a white gold necklace that held my diamond. This necklace is very nice, very smooth, very shinny which just enhanced my diamond's glow. Even those I ordered this in December when all the shopping was going on, this necklace came in within less than a week. I would highly recommend this necklace. I ordered in 24", and now I am going to order a 22". <end>  Just Perfect  I ordered this chain as a replacement for one that was too short and it works so beautifully with the pendant that my husband bought for me. The chain is very sleek and shiny. I will definitely purchase from Gem Avenue again. The order came quickly, even before the date that it was scheduled for.I am in love with this chain. BEAUTIFUL! <end>  Great chain.  This chain is great. I wear my necklaces 24/7 so I need my chain to be durable. I switch out several charm or pendants on my chains. This chain seems as though it will stand the wear and tear I will give it. It doesn't turn your neck green either. Sometimes inexpensive chains will do that.... not this one. Thanks for a great product and a great supplier. <end>  Sparkling & Pretty  I bought this as a gift to go with a Tiffany's 09 snowflake charm. I choose this based on another review describing the chain as "shiny like christmas tree tinsel" It is very pretty and goes PERFECT with the charm. Better than the selections that tiffanys had. <end>  excellent quality!  very pretty, sturdy, couldn't be happier, especially for the price; am ordering more in other sizes now! <end>  24" snake chain  i bought this chain too go with a white gold cross pendant i purchased somewhere else and they go together perfectly. I've had it for a couple weeks now and its still holding up fine good price and fast shipping <end>  beautiful necklance  I bought this chain for a cross for myself and was pleasantly suprised, the quality was excellent. I will definately purchase more in the future.thank you <end>  EXCELLENT CHAIN  I bought a genuine Mason County Texas Lone Star Cut clear topaz pendant for the wife for Xmas. The rough topaz is only found on a few ranches near this small Hill Country town among all the granite in the famous Llano Uplift area of Texas. In 1969 the TX Legislature made it the offial gem of the State. In 1977, the Legislature made the Lone Star cut official. You look down in the top facet and see the Lone Star of Texas - pretty neat and unique. Check out the web site for Gems of the Hill Country - this is the town's only jeweler and lapidary. I had to have a chain to go with the sterling silver pendant and thru Amazon found this company and their wide variety of chain and excellent prices. That along with other customer comments on the product quality, excellent service, and going back for more purchases sealed the deal for me. For me as a man to get the right length, size, style was a learning experience but all turned out better than expected when the chain came so quickly. It is a perfect match for the above pendant and both are going to sparkle and glitter. I have gotten 100% positive feedback from all the female co-workers and friends I have shown this to in advance of wraping it up for Xmas. I learned Italian chain is the world's best. The lobster claw clasp is the safest and strongest. You absolutely cannot go wrong in buying this chain or any of its "siblings"! <end>  Beautiful  I love this chain. Very sparkly and smooth. I purchased one a few months ago, and came back for another as a gift. <end>  Silver snake chain  There is nothing that I could say that would describe the chain that we bought.Well,Maybe EXCELLENT. <end>  Beautiful Awesome chain!!  I ordered this chain to go with a cross pendant my mother had given me. The qualityof the chain is outstanding!! I'm very impressed by the speed at which the chain wasdelivered. I am very happy with it and would definately order from this company again!!A+++++++ <end>  Great Quality  This is a very nice chain for a great price. It looks much more expensive than it is - very shiny and has not tarnished like a lot of sterling silver jewelery tends to do over time. <end>  Good buy  This chain was purchased for daily wear. So far, it's holding up quite well. It's a solid piece of work, and looks like liquid silver. The price can't be beat, and the service was excellent--the chain arrived on time and in excellent condition. <end>  Beautiful chain, great price  Ordered the chain to use with a pendant my husband gave me. Its a lovely liquid silver and looks great with the pendant. Arrived quickly, nicely packaged in a gold gift box. Very happy with this purchase and will be buying additional items soon. <end>  nice necklace  I really liked this necklace. It was a great price and you can easily put charms on it. It seems very sturdy and sleek. I have gotten many compliments on it. <end>  20 inch Sterling Silver Italian Snake chain necklace  This chain is beautiful!!! I ordered an 18 inch one, then decided to order a 20 inch one because the chain was so lovely!!!! You can't go wrong with these chains. "Gem Avenue" is an awesome place to do business with!! Their jewelery is very "classy". Thanks, "Gem Avenue"!! <end>  like liquid silver  this necklace is the perfect size and is like looking at liquid silver. i will be back with more orders <end>  Chain Necklace  Received the Sterling Silver Chain Necklace in pristine condition and in a timely manner. It was given as a Christmas gift and the receiver absolutely loved it. The necklace was of good quality Sterling Silver. I would absolutely order any other jewelry from this seller. <end>  SN030DC-18 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver 1 MM Sturdy Snake 18" Chain Necklace  This is a beautiful product and just as the discription mentions snake style. One thing that I would like to make the purchaser aware is the size of the necklace. It may be more of a choker style so keep that in mind or purchase a larger length. I attached a pendant for a present and it looks beautiful. Happy shopping! <end>  Excellent quality  I bought this silver necklace for my wife, to replace a cheaper chain on a diamond pendant. This snake chain is very nice, high quality, and elegant looking. The clasp is very sturdy and the necklace should last a very long time. It was an excellent value and I am happy I found it. <end>
 B000GVXNBQ  Mens Rugged Extra-Wide Brushed Matte 8.5" Titanium Rectangular Link Cobra Bracelet ||	  I AGREE!!!  This is an excellent bracelet. I've owned one for a couple of years, and it's my favorite. The width makes it very handsome, and with time the unpolished flats get a really nice patina, while the shiny links stay nice and bright. <end>  Wow!!!  I ordered this bracelet for my partner who is very non-"girly" girl. I thought the bracelet was pretty in the picture, but the picture does not even do it justice!!! It is BEAUTIFUL and SHINY!!! I can't attest to how it wears... but I just had to pass on what a NICE bracelet it is!!!! <end>  Seems to pick up scratches  The flats seem to pick up scratches. I have had it about two months, and I seem to notice tiny new scratches on the flats every couple of days. The Ticontent may be lower than they let on. <end>  Gift for hubby  I ordered this for my husband for our annyversary, he likes it a lot and it looks like I spend a ton of money on it! Truth be told...I didn't <end>
 B000GWRHNA  Womens and Mens 7mm Wide Gold Tone Striped Center Titanium Wedding Band Ring Size 7(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  ring  We received the ring and it is amazing!! Thank you so much for everything! You saved us a ton of money!!! <end>  titanium ring  The ring ordered originally did not arrive at our home address but in between the time ordered and shipped, we moved and the post office did not forward our mail. However Silver Insanity was gracious enough to send another and the ring was beautiful. My son loved it. Thanks <end>  Finish came off and SI slow to respond; can't change rating but  I originally posted a positive review for this product but now I must remove it. The gold finish on the band started cracking the day after I received it. I wrote to SI to complain and after several days, they responded by saying I could send the ring back and they'd refund and replace it "I apologize for the defective item......Once I receive it, I will send a replacement along with a refund on return shipping charges.Please just include the receipt (or a copy of it) with a note to exchange."So I sent it back. After almost two weeks of waiting with no word from SI (first class mail takes 2-3 days), I emailed them again to ask where my replacement ring was. They responded by saying they were issuing a refund, which they did - instead of the replacement ring I wanted.So I'm disappointed. I did a lot of shopping around before I bought the ring, and now I have to start over again. <end>  awesome ring  This ring is awesome everybody asks were i got it. It is light weight and really nice. Fast shipping highly recommended. <end>  Beautiful ring  got the ring for my husband just one problem it was too small. Havent sent it back yet. Wish it came in a bigger size. Definitlly worth the price. <end>  Incredible  Incredible ring. Shipment and correspondence was amazing. I can not wait to give this to my fiance. <end>  Love it!  The ring is great. It looks so good and to top it off it got here faster than it said it was going to be. <end>  Great Value!!  My husband and I were thrilled with this product. It arrived very quickly and is beautiful. It's not very heavy, which is something my husband really enjoys and is a nice bright color. <end>  Excellent Quality Great Price  I bought this ring for my old prom date it's a beautiful ring and fair price so any guy looking to save money until he afford that Engagement ring definitely get this. <end>  Battle Hardened Ring Goes to Iraq and Back  I received this ring when I got married right before I headed off to Iraq for a 12-month deployment; eleven months later this ring is still holding steady and looking good. Through long and hard days this ring only shows surface scratches but still looks pleasing to the eye. I am very pleased with the quality of this ring and find it stylish. Not much more I can say about it - it's worth every penny and more. <end>  Looks even better than the picture  Womens and Mens 7mm Wide Gold Tone Striped Center Titanium Wedding Band Ring (Size 8,9,10,11,12,13)This ring looks very sofisticated without being flashy. Perfect for a man who likes simple but nice things. This ring is very nice and the price is right. Looks even better than the picture. <end>  Nice but not a Womens Ring  Very nice but too wide to be a womens ring as they indicate. Gave to my son. <end>
 B000GWTGBG  7mm Saturn Concaved High Polish Titanium Comfort Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  A Great Ring, Amazing Value  I bought this ring over a year ago, as an engagement ring for my fianc&eacute; (who will be my husband in a month!), and it proved to be an amazing investment.Don't let the inexpensive price fool you-- this is a great quality ring. Titanium is extremely hard, will not bend, and will not tarnish quickly. Chris has been wearing it non-stop since I gave it to him a year ago, and it still looks brand new.The concave shape gives this ring interest. It definitely stands out. I highly recommend this ring! <end>  Inexpensive and Good Quality  For the price of this compared to the stores I searched for similar products, this one was a good price and good quality. <end>
 B000GWUN2M  Womens and Mens 7mm Wide Two-Tone Gold Color Etched Stripe Center Brushed Finish Titanium Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Excellent ring!  My husband lost his heirloom wedding band in a triathlon, and we were looking for a modestly-priced replacement. We're thrilled with this item, ESPECIALLY for the price. It's a handsome ring! <end>  Nice ring.  Fast shipping, nice ring, unfortunately we bought the wrong size, this metal cannot be sized. <end>
 B000GWZ8G8  14K "Gemini" Zodiac Charm Pendant - FREE 18" 14K GOLD CHAIN ||	  Nice Charm, Lousy Chain  Just received this as a valentine's day gift. I had been looking at this charm but, as always with online shopping, was concerned about what it would actually look like. It looks very much like the picture, and is a perfect size. It looks high quality. It is hollow, but double-sided (the back side is not just an open hollow hole like on many charms) so if it flips over to the back while wearing, it still looks good. The chain however, is cheap! Flimsy would be the best word, it's very thin and appears easily breakable, but that's what you get for a freebie. I'll have to use another chain, but luckily the ring on the charm is large enough that it will work with other chains, even thicker ones. <end>
 B000GX34HM  Sparkling Sterling Silver CZ Peace Sign Bracelet ||	  Great Bracelet  I got this bracelet a few days ago and just love it. Like the previous reviewer stated, it is even nicer than in the picture. The peace sign itself is small and the bracelet part is not chain but two separate solid silver pieces making it half bangle, half chain-type bracelet. Very different, simple and nice for everyday wear. Eve's addiction rocks. I order from there quite frequently and have never had any problems with their quality of products, customer service and their shipping time rocks. I ordered this bracelet and a few other peace sign items on a Tuesday and had my order on Friday afternoon. I chose regular ground shipping. <end>  adorable find  This adorable bracelet was the perfect gift for my son's girlfriend. It's much nicer than the picture. The bracelet is nicely packaged for gift giving. It comes in a soft drawstring pouch within a box. <end>  xmas presents  I gave two of these bracelets to my grandchildren and they absolutely loved them. The service was wonderful. They received them right away as promised. This is why I always shop Amazon.com first. I am very pleased the way it turned out. Thank you for making my shopping experience so easy and pleasant. Rachel <end>  gorgeous,!  this high quality sterling 2 part semi bangle is just gorgeous with brilliant stones!!I highly suggest you buy this one for your peace loving friends or yourself! <end>
 B000GXU62I  Fullmetal Alchemist  Necklace - Snake w/ Alchemy Symbol ||	  Nice design and presentation. Well Crafted.  The whole piece is very well made and looks fantastic. I couldn't be more pleased. <end>
 B000GYH4H2  Pugster Classic Antique Lady Maiden Profile Cameo Floral Gray Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooches And Pins ||	  Lovely pin  Very nice pin, good quality for gift giving. Arrived quickly. The only negative was that it came in a box that was barely big enough for it to fit inside. I had to find a different box of my own that was more presentable because it's a gift. <end>
 B000GZDB4Q  14K Yellow Gold Beaded Diamond Cut 7" Bracelet, with multi-colored dangling semi-precious stones. ||	  excellent quality and service  This was purchased as a gift and was a big hit. It arrived promptly and was nicely displayed in a gift box. Everything went perfectly with this purchase. <end>
 B000GZMMHS  14K White Gold 1 1/3 ctw. Princess Cut Three-Stone Diamond Ring - (I-J;I1-I2) Size 10 ||	  My wife loved it!  I really like the idea of the smaller diamonds flanking the larger one. It sparkles in the light and pairs nicely with a wedding band with 5 little diamonds across the top. Everything is in place and seems like a solid ring.My wife uses lotion and like all rings even if your careful it will fade to yellow a little over the years. My ring also with the Rhodium plating never faded as i don't use lotion. <end>  Slowest Order!  I've been purchasing products from Amazon for a long time and this is by far the worst experience to date. The product is nice but it took 3 weeks to receive it. I purchased the expedited shipping method to surprise my girlfriend for mothers day, but it still took almost 3 weeks to process this order. I highly recommend contacting the seller for processing details. <end>
 B000GZONVQ  14K White Gold 1 1/3 ctw. Princess Cut Three-Stone Diamond Ring - (I-J;I1-I2) Size 8 ||	  My wife loved it!  I really like the idea of the smaller diamonds flanking the larger one. It sparkles in the light and pairs nicely with a wedding band with 5 little diamonds across the top. Everything is in place and seems like a solid ring.My wife uses lotion and like all rings even if your careful it will fade to yellow a little over the years. My ring also with the Rhodium plating never faded as i don't use lotion. <end>  Slowest Order!  I've been purchasing products from Amazon for a long time and this is by far the worst experience to date. The product is nice but it took 3 weeks to receive it. I purchased the expedited shipping method to surprise my girlfriend for mothers day, but it still took almost 3 weeks to process this order. I highly recommend contacting the seller for processing details. <end>
 B000H0R68W  Duragold 14k Yellow and Rose Gold "#1 Nana" Pendant ||	  #1 Nana Gold Charm was a hit!  It was small when I opened it but when my Mom put it around her neck it was perfect!! The quality was great! I've been looking for something like this forever it brought tears to my entire family Christmas morning! <end>  #1 Nana 14 k gold pendant !  I asked my husband to purchase this pendant for me as a Christmas gift. How elegant! It measures just over 1/2 inch wide by 1/2 inch tall. It is much nicer than the picture showed it. I am very happy with it, and hope to hand it down through my family.The pink gold rose is a nice touch! <end>
 B000H0RSHQ  14k Yellow Gold Enamel Giraffe Charm ||	  Merchandise never sent and has not responded to Credit Card Company  I am so disappointed with this purchase and the merchant. I order the item on July 3. According to the merchant it was shipped on July 6th to be received my me July 8th. Todate I have not received the item and my credit card company has not been able to get a response from the merchant as to where my item is. The item was for a child's birthday gift. The merchant charged my credit card immediately, but has not made an attempt to responded to inquiries as to where the merchandise is. My personal opinion is this is no way to do business and if you provide poor customer service people should stay away from the merchant. <end>  A Tiny Giraffe  This product arrived in a very short time and is exactly as pictured. It's a tiny little giraffe. My girlfriend loved it! It needs a chain of some sort on which to put the little guy. <end>
 B000H0SGF4  Stainless Steel Bracelet w/ Rubber Links, 8.5" ||	  Quality & Great Price  Price and quality were better than expected ! Delivery time was fast too! <end>  Very nice  My girlfriend bought me this bracelet for valentine's day, and i'm very pleased with her... It's very nice and the measures exactly are  11 milimeter wide, 21 centimeters long and 4 milimeters thick. I'm writing this because she bought this "blind" due to the ausence of exact measurements. Thanks God all was excellent. <end>
 B000H0TM66  14k Yellow and Rose Gold Sisters Charm ||	  OK - but dangerous  The charm is very nice, however, it doesn't come apart good. When you separate it, it leaves sharp pieces that could puncture your skin or tear a delicate blouse. It should come already separated with edges already smooth. You shouldn't have to figure out a way to have to smooth sharp edges. <end>  A little cheap  Item arrived in a timely manner. The box it came in was nice; typical velvet jewelry box.The charm itself just seems cheap, not worth the $45 we paid for it. As another reviewer noted, the buyer has to break the 2 pieces of the heart apart... and my charm, the way the zigzag is already partially cut, there is space, more like holes because the space is uneven, between the 2 parts. This means when we do separate it to give to our girls, bringing the pieces together will look less meaningful as it will at best not make a complete heart. At worst it will look like a broken heart, not the message we want to convey. <end>  Cheap (in quality)  This charm is much smaller then you would think. And it seemed flimsy. I was worried it would tear apart the wrong way when I had to manually separate the two pieces. Also, as a non-jewelery person, I did not realize it does not come with chains. For men out there like me please note, "charm" mean "pay a lot AND buy a chain to go along with item". <end>
 B000H0WJM0  Sterling Silver Open Flower Earrings ||	  A little large, but very nice  These are beautiful though they are a little large for my taste. Very pretty and high quality though. I also have the matching necklace. It makes a great set. <end>
 B000H1SOCI  Sterlign Silver Spiral Twisted 2mm Earrings ||	  Cheap earrings  I definitely liked these earrings when I first purchased them as they are dangly but light. After a while, the sterling silver began to turn to an orange color since they are cheap earrings. I'm not too disappointed because they were relatively cheap when I purchased them, but now I can't use them anymore. Perhaps spending a few dollars more for better quality earrings would have been worth it. <end>
 B000H1SOK0  Sterling Silver Pave Style Heart Necklace with 18 inch Snake Chain ||	  beautiful presence  This pendant is larger than I thought it would be, at first I didn't like that, I wanted it to be daintier. In time it really grew on me and it's amazing how many people notice it and think it looks lovely. <end>
 B000H1SOZ0  Alexandria Collection Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Cross Holy Descending Dove Accent Necklace ||	  Off the chain .  The cross is a great value. The shipping was very fast Five stars arn't enough. Sterling Silver Cross and Dove with CZ Baguettes and 18-inch Chain <end>
 B000H1UIIQ  Sterling Silver Pear Dangle Earrings w/ Accent CZ Stones ||	  Beautiful earrings  Nice quality, beautiful earrings - Item exactly as described/shown in picture. Perfect size  not gaudy looking, but not too small either. Very fast shipping, highly recommended. <end>
 B000H1Y8T6  Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated Pave Style Link CZ Lined Bracelet w/ Heart Clasp ||	  Sterling silver heart clasp bracelet  Bracelet is very nice, arrived on a very timely basis, will do business with this vendor again. <end>
 B000H1Y8XW  Italian Sterling Silver Large Heart Bracelet ||	  Silver Large Heart Bracelet  I ordered two of these bracelets for my junior bridesmaids and they loved them. What is great is that you can fasten the bracelet on any link, so it will fit anyone! It's also very flattering and, according to the girls, fun to wear. <end>
 B000H1Y9WM  Tressa Sterling Silver 3mm Round Clear CZ Earrings ||	  Love them!  I've been wearing these earrings nearly every day for the past two years. I love the small understated size and the way the sliver has turned a dull dark gray (I have never cleaned them). The gem still has a good deal of sparkle. Someday I hope to have the real thing just like these. <end>  Small ears.  These earring are perfect, I have ears that run on the smaller side, and these aren't too big, just the perfect size. They are worth the money. <end>  Great Earrings, Great Price.  I love these earrings. I was looking for something simple but nice for daily wear in my second piercing without costing very much money. These earrings are nice quality and look wonderful. I actually need to order more because my cats lost my first set for me, and I miss them dearly! <end>  Great purchase!  I have to say i love these earrings.The quality is great i have had no problems with these what so ever.I would more than likely shop on here again for future purchases. <end>
 B000H1YA8K  Sterling Silver CZ Lined Treble Clef Necklace with 18 inch Snake Chain ||	  Treble Clef Necklace  The necklace is very beautiful, even better than I expected it to be. Arrived promptly. An excellent purchase and seller. Thank you! <end>  Great Necklace  I gave this necklace to a young girl for her birthday b/c she recently started singing. She absolutely loved it. <end>  Treble Clef Necklace w/18" snake chain  Wonderful product. I gave it to my daughter for Christmas because she is a college student going into music education. She loved it! <end>
 B000H236D4  Crystal Cubic Zirconia Heart Frenzy Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Better than the picture  Not a whole lot to say here. My girlfriend has a belly ring and is always saying how she doesn't have time to pick out any new ones. I picked up a few and gave them to her one night...she hasn't taken this one out in over a month now, so I think it's a winner. <end>
 B000H26U2I  Ruby Red 6mm Solitaire Cubic Zirconia Cherry Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Very Nice!  Very cute, affordable, and great quality. It's just what I've been looking for. I like the fact that it is a dangle navel ring but it doesn't get caught in my clothing like others I've worn in the past. <end>  adorable and eye catching belly button jewelry  I just love this! Totally cute and sassy. Shows well and very light weight. I had been looking for one like this for a long time. So glad I found it and exactly how I would want it. <end>
 B000H3BN8S  Wide Slot Jewelry Ring Display Storage Case Holds 12 Rings with Lock- Cbc 12 ||	  For the money a good item  Having been fortunate enough to have a small collection of large championship rings I was looking for a compact way to display the rings. This case works very well. While not a heavy duty case that I would use to transport my rings, it is very attractive light weight case. I would recommend it to anyone with several rings that they want to statically display. If you want to transport your rings securely, I don't think this is the case for you. <end>  Just Perfect!  This 12-ring holder was EXACTLY what I was looking for. It holds all sizes...from wide to very thin. It's slender size makes it easy to tuck into a drawer or to travel with. Also, it was delivered within two days and packed extremely well. <end>  Superb storage product  I should have bought one of these handy yet organized ring holders YEARS AGO...very compact, well made and most useful in my jewelry drawer. Far better quality than most of them out there... <end>  Men's ring box  Nice little case, and reasonably well made, with metal hinges. Great for mens' rings, since the slots are wide. <end>  A Great Way to Hold Jewelry  Although I haven't planned any trips taking my rings, this ring caddy is a great jewelry box for pendants and other small jewelry that will fit nicely in a suitcase or large handbag.I like the compact size, the sturdiness and the general construction. I enjoy having my rings all in one place instead of various boxes. The price is quite reasonable. <end>  Good Value  For the money, a very good value. Yes its made in China, no its not leather, but the lid closes squarely and tall rings fit well. It has a lock, but only provides minimum security. You can find better boxes for $30 and up, but this works for me. <end>  Ring holder  Solid ring holder box that is easy to store. Perfect size for most rings. Use for travel or just storage. <end>  Just what I needed  I was looking for something to organize / store my growing collection of rings and this fit the bill exactly. It's compact so it fits into a drawer and latches securely. The slots hold rings of different widths & thicknesses. Very nice! <end>  Wide slot jewelry RING case  Hmmm, this ring case is rather cheap and tacky. BUT, it wasn't very expensive and will work well for me. I only needed it to be able to bring rings with me on trips, so it is actually perfect. I'd not have paid more than I did for it for sure. There is nothing really wrong with the workmanship, but the vinyl wrap around a cheap box just tends to look a bit cheap. Packed in a Priority USPS box with a few peanuts...not super great, but got to me in fine condition. Great for the money overall. Fast ship. Dana <end>  An inexpensive way to keep your rings organized  The box came in what I expected. I received the case pretty soon after I made the purchase. Good seller. <end>
 B000H44R3U  14k Yellow Gold Anchor Charm ||	  Cute but I am TINY!!  This item is very cute and I loved the way it looked online, but it is SO SMALL!! It looks like the picture on a pea-sized scale. I was dissappointed and had to send it back. I only paid $49 and it still felt like too much. <end>
 B000H46XLO  Sterling Silver Doggie Bowl Charm ||	  have you ever seen a real doggie bowl?  Confession  I bought this charm for my dog's collar. It serves its function as bling, but you would have to stare at it a long time to recognize it as a dog bowl. Because it is oblong. As oblong as a 'good and plenty' candy. It is the perfect size (tiny) and, basically, I like it, but I just wish it were a more realistic shape (ROUND). <end>  Sweet charm  My nieces just got a new puppy and I couldn't resist getting them this cute charm for their charm collections as a reminder of the year of the puppy. They loved it. <end>
 B000H4C5A2  Sterling Silver Baby Shoe Charm ||	  so cute  good quality, nice detail - cuter than most of the other baby shoe charms I've seen. Well worth the money. <end>
 B000H57MVI  Pugster Vintage Elegant Yellow Crystal Silver Cross Victorian Beauty Brooches And Pins ||	  Butterfly  Lots of positive comments from friends. The catch is a little stiff but manageable. <end>
 B000H676XG  14K Yellow Gold Beaded Diamond Cut 10" Anklet Bracelet, with Multi-Colored Dangling Drop Semi-Precious Stones ||	  product and service  The anklet was exactly as shown. Good quality and excellent service. I would buy from them again. <end>
 B000H77E3W  Cubic Zirconia LOVE Necklace ||	  love  I love the necklace but ut broke and I am going to have to repair it. <end>
 B000H7M99G  Willow Pearls White Freshwater Feather Pearl Necklace ||	  looks like magic!  I had this on on my wedding day and besides my dress it was the most magnificent and affordable addition an otherwise perfect day! I got a TON of compliments! <end>
 B000H7SRUQ  316L Stainless Steel 3-Band Russian Wedding Band Ring Size 7.5(Sizes 4.5,5.5,6.5,7.5,8.5) ||	  not fluid enough  it was a nice ring, and i was psyched on the idea of a steel ring, but i feel like the undersides of the bands should have been smoothed out more and maybe it would have rolled a little easier on my finger. but the color was unexpected and nice. <end>  Great ring for a great price  I've had this ring for almost 8 months and love it. It's very pretty but also low maintenance. And as others have said, it's durable too. I hike and do lots of outdoor activities, and this ring has withstood a lot. <end>  ring  This ring is a great ring. slim to the finger.Just love it.can't really tell that I have it on. <end>  Wish I could wear it  This ring is pretty but the sizing doesn't run true to size due to the bulk caused from the intertwined bands. I'm not sure if a half size larger would even fit. I ordered this ring and a simple band at the same time in the same size I normally wear and the simple band fits perfectly. This ring however doesn't even come close to fitting over my knuckle. It's very pretty and I wish I could wear it, I may even reorder a larger size. <end>  FAVORITE PIECE OF JEWLERY  I love this ring! It makes a great addition to any outfit and takes a massive beating quite well. I have been wearing this ring daily for almost two years and it is in great shape.Highly reccomend. <end>
 B000HAMJL6  Amazon.com  Choker Velvet With Black Jewel Costume Accessory  Toys &amp; Games ||	  Deceiving Chocker Picture  The chocker appears to be absolutely beautiful in the picture, but when it arrived it was very cheap looking. There was glue all around the jewel. I realize that the price is great but not the quality. I would not recommend this to anyone because I really believe they would be disappointed. <end>
 B000HAU1CA  Celestial Sky 18k White & Rose Gold Pendant - Dahlia Classic Collection ||	  Eye-catching  I ordered the pendant to wear with a white gold chain, and it looks lovely. The rose gold background has a brushed finish, and the white gold moon and stars sparkle above it. <end>
 B000HAUS28  1 3/4" (45 mm) Large Sterling Silver 3/16" (5 mm) Thick Tubing Italian Hoop Earrings ||	  Lovely  These were purchased for my mother. They were lovely, thick hoops but were also lightweight. Very attractive. <end>
 B000HAV4VW  Sterling Silver Sea Turtle Pendant, Synthetic Opal Inlay, 1 inch Tall ||	  Great Deal  I was a bit nervous on how the Opal would look in person, but the one I received was in perfect condition. The silver was flawless with a nice stamp on it. Also, the back of the pendant is filled, so it has a nice weight when combined with a chain. Can't beat the price, even if it is lab created. <end>
 B000HAWGFK  Sterling Silver Italian 2mm Tube Hoop Earrings, 2 3/8 inch (60 mm) ||	  BEAUTIFUL!  I lost my favorite silver hoop earrings and came to Amazon to try and replace them. I saw these - which are larger than the ones I had. But I ordered them and not only did they arrive only 3 days later but were absolutely beautiful! I have worn them daily ever since! <end>
 B000HAXRXK  Sterling Silver Italian 3mm Tube Hoop Earrings, 7/8 inch (23 mm) ||	  Had to contact seller  These never came when I first ordered them, so I had to contact the seller, but they re sent them to me, and I love them! They seem a lot better made than similair ones that I have previously purchased! I wear them daily. <end>  Sterling Silver 1/8" Hoop Earrings  Great accessory can be dressed up or down. Lightweight on the ear lobes too. For those of you who may have an allergic reaction to gold, this is the great alternative. <end>
 B000HAY4HS  Sterling Silver Seahorse Pendant, Synthetic Opal Inlay & CZ stones, 1 1/4 inch (31 mm) Tall ||	  Seahorse Pendant  This seahorse pendant is beautiful and very well made. Thank you -- it's one of my favorite pendants. <end>
 B000HB4ZRG  Pugster "winter Sparkle" Christmas Inspired Yellow Deer Reindeer Xmas Tree Swarovski Crystal Brooches And Pins For Holiday Gifts ||	  Beautiful, but looks like a wreath not a butterfly  This is a sharp looking little pin to wear around the holidays. With the red and green stones and sparkle, it really stands out.I bought this for something that looked like a wreath - you will be disappointed if you want the "butterfly" to show. You can hardly see it on the actual pin, and I didn't know there was a "butterfly" there until I read the pin name and went back to look.Even so, a great product as always from Pugster. <end>
 B000HBOCKQ  Sterling Silver Polished Yin - Yang Ring 7/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Very Pretty Ring  This is a great ring for the price. In fact, it looks as though it would cost much more. It looks just as I expected from the photograph. <end>
 B000HBPL7Y  Sterling Silver Peace Sign Ring 5/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  peace sign ring  my girlfriend loves the ring, yall made it very easy to find somthing that fits her so well.. thank you <end>  Wonderful!!  Absolutely gorgeous little ring, and yet highly noticable, I couldn't be happier with this purchase!! <end>  Buyer Beware !!!!  DO NOT BUY THIS RING!!! IT LOOKS GOOD IN THE PICTURE BUT THE ACTUAL RING IS A CHEAP SMALLER VERSION OF THE PIX! TERRIBLE PIECE OF JEWELRY ! <end>  you pretty much get the $8.00 ring you pay for...  After reading all the other reviews, I was thoroughly excited to receive this ring! However, when I got my ring there were several scratches on the ring, some were very dark scratches making them even more noticable. The design, size, & weight of the ring are great. Their customer service offered to replace the ring ONCE, but I chose not to risk getting a ring the second time that looks even worse. I am wearing the ring which obviously means it doesn't look completely awful. However, I cannot say I would recommend this...especially if you are gifting it to someone else! <end>  great ring great price!  I didnt know what to expect after reading the other review on the site but I am so glad I did not listen. I have been looking for a peace sign ring for a long while that was of good quality as well as affordable and I found it! I love the peace symbol and this ring is gorgeous. <end>  dont get bleach on it  it was super cute and i got really sad when i was doing laundry and got bleach on it. it turn black and i threw it away. <end>  Very satisfied!  I bought this ring for my 16 year old sister who loves peace signs. It is dainty, but not frail. It's a good solid ring, but still small enough for someone who prefers dainty jewelry or has delicate hands. And, the price is unbeatable. Not to mention that I recieved the ring maybe two days after ordering. That's pretty awesome service. On another review there is a comment about the ring sizes running small, and that's not true. I ordered an 8 and it's an 8. Ignore the bad reviews on this one and mind the good ones. I'm very satisfied. <end>  Love this ring!!  I'm so glad I bought this ring! The shipping was extremely fast- there wasn't much waiting for this one. It's dainty (but not flimsy- this is a nice solid piece) and feminine- and is very true to size. I love how it lays flat on my finger and doesn't catch on anything, and it also doesn't seem to be getting scratched up like some silver does. I have received many compliments on this ring and I'm very pleased with it! <end>  Better than expected  I purchased this ring for someone who is enthralled by peace symbol jewelry. It arrived quickly and was of better quality than I expected for the price. I would buy from this seller again. <end>  Sizes run small  The ring has a good appearance, but it's at least a full size smaller than standard ring sizes. <end>  This ring is GREAT!!  I am also so glad that I bought this ring. It is very nice and thanks for shipping it so quickly. <end>  Nice peace ring  Fit me true to size. Silver is shiny and so far has not tarnished. Ring is prettier than in picture. It is a little smaller or daintier and looks more feminine on the hand than the picture might indicate. <end>  Looks better than the picture  I wanted a peace sign ring and this is better than what I was expecting. It honestly looks better than in the picture and is the perfect size in terms of how it looks on your finger. It doesn't turn your skin green and it doesn't get in the way of my daily activities. I honestly can't think of any complaints I have about it. <end>  Okay Peace Sign Ring  This ring is ohkay... The band was thin but i don't think it is worth $13 dollars.But I like wearing it, i love the peace sign but it is also a little plain, i wasn't paying attention to these when i bought it but other then that,I love the Ring! Just wish i spent my money on other stuff,Sorry <end>  A cute ring  This is a delicate piece of jewelry, that makes a literally and figuratively quiet statement. I bought it for my pinky ring and it's the right size in terms of scale for that finger. It's completely flat so it's comfortable to wear and nice and shiny, too. <end>  PEACE RING REVIEW  I was so excited to recieve my ring after reading all of these reviews I thought that it was going to be axactly what I wanted, however when I got the ring I was not happy at all because the ring looks better online. The peace sign is so much smaller than on the picture it looks like it should be worn by a littlE girl and not by a women. I thought that the ring was going to be bigger based on the picture that I saw. I like jewlery that is noticeable and makes a fashion statement. I'm very diassapointed with this ring and I wish that i didn't buy it.... <end>  Cute little ring =)  Love this ring! I wish I had ordered the next size up because it's a little tight, but it's also warm and humid out now so it should probably fit better come fall. =) Definitely recommend this ring. <end>  Love it!  This ring is so cute and very shiny. I get compliments on it all the time. <end>  reasonable cost  This ring is small, but other than that, its reasonably cheap on price, not bad for the price. I'm happy with it. <end>  Great product for the price  I bought two of these rings for my bonus-daughters and they're both very happy with them. Was pleasantly pleased with the quality. <end>  Great craftsmanship and dainty too.  A very nice piece of jewelry. Quality workmanshipand not big and gaudy like some others. I like it very much.Thank you <end>  I LOVE this ring.  The ring is beautiful. I received it within days of ordering it. Overall, the value for the price was excellent. I'd order from this vendor again and I'd recommend them for any friend looking for silver jewelry. <end>  Peace symbol ring  I was very pleased that the size I ordered fit perfectly. It also arrived in the mail in great time, which is what every buyer hopes for. This was a great buy. <end>  Simple and cute  I got this ring for my 11 year old granddaughter for her first ring. She is overjoyed with the ring. Very well crafted. Good delivery. I have order from this supplier before and will do so again. <end>  Piece of crap. Not worth more than 5$  I bought this ring on Sept. 9th and got it on the 12th. So shipping was fast which I was very pleased about. I have been wearing this ring for only 3 days and the coloring is already rubbing off and it has now turned to an ugly copper color. I am very diligent about taking it off in the shower and while wetting my hands. If I would have known this was going to happen I would have returned it the next day. Not worth the money. Buyers beware. <end>  Very cute  I love my ring. It was just as advertised. The peace sign is small and intricate and just what I expected. Thanks for the speedy shipping, too! ( <end>  Not true to size, runs a whole size smaller.  I ordered a size six so that I could wear the ring on my middle finger. What a waste, it only fits my size five ring finger, I obvioulsy cant wear it on my left hands ring finger. And I wear a diamond ring my family got me from zales, which is a cute dainty bow, on my right hand ring finger. I only wear it when I am at concerts and things of that nature, where I wont wear the other ring for fear of it getting lost. I am not to pleased, but I guess it gives me reasons to actually look forward to wearing the ring. I wouldnt suggest this ring if the sizes cant be true. I am however pleased with the quality of the ring. It really is a great ring over all. <end>  Nice Ring )  This is a great ring, I got this ring yesterday and i really like it but they didnt have the size I wanted it to be so it is a little big, but i can make it work. I would highly recommend this ring to anyone, and it looks aloght better than in the picture! just a perfect ring for anyone. <end>  Great! Delicate! Simple!  )  i really thought that it was going to be a cheap ring but it wasn't, it looks great  ), elegant but not too elegant, it's an everyday ring, love it! i also though that it was going to be bigger but it wasn't so it's just perfect  ), simple, like i wanted, it looks exactly as in the photo, and it came really quckly too.  ) very happy with my new ring  D <end>  How Do You Spell Perfect? T--H--I--S R--I--N--G.  I just received this ring today in the mail. I loved it soon as I saw it on Amazon.com. I loved it soon as I opened the package and saw it. I really love it since I've wore it a few hours. Let me tell you what all I LOVE about this ring. I love the size of this ring. It's not too big and it's not too small. I don't like big, chunky, showy rings. Big rings like that look more like large charms for necklaces than rings, to me. Plus, the size of this ring and the size of my birthstone ring I ordered from Wal-Mart 4 or 5 years ago that I wear on my right hand are a perfect match. One ring don't out show or out shine the other. I love the fit of this ring. I don't need any of those ring snuggies you can buy at Wal-Mart to make the ring stay on your finger better. This ring fits perfectly. Not too tight and not too loose. I love Peace Signs. So, I love that about this ring. I can NOT think of one bad thing to say about this ring. The way it was packed is a different story. But better safe than sorry, I guess. The way I knew what size to order this ring in is I went to Wal-Mart and was looking at a ring in that case the birthstone rings are in. I acted like I didn't know what size I needed if I ordered it. So, they handed me that thing with all the sizing rings on it to try on different sizes. Size 9 fit the best. So, that's how I knew to order this ring in a size 9. Size 9 is a PERFECT fit. Saving the best reason for last  This ring does NOT turn my finger an ugly blackish-green color. I love this ring. I will say this, if you live in the U.S.A. and you don't mind paying $10.00 for expedited shipping, which is done by the United States Postal Service's Priority Mail, then go expedited. That's what I did. I received an email Tuesday June 1st saying the ring had shipped and I received the ring today, Thursday June 3rd. So, it arrived 2 days after it shipped. If you're like me and you don't want a big, chunky, showy ring and you don't want one that turns your finger an ugly blackish-green and you love Peace Signs, then you should seriously consider ordering this ring. I ordered it here on Amazon.com and I'm THRILLED I did.I'd give this ring more than 5 stars if I could. That's how much I love it. <end>  Wear it everyday!  Ignore the bad reviews on this one- this is great value and is a really great ring. I wear mine everyday and it still looks great. (the only problem I have had is that the skinny part at the back split, but thats cause I was wearing it everyday for 6 months of school. I still wear it though, i dont even notice it)Love this ring so much!! <end>  Peace Sign Ring  Very nice petite ring. Bought for my 18 year old daughter to replace one she lost. She loves it. Well worth the price. <end>  Amazing!  I bought this about two years back, and have worn it every day since! It is still the same beautiful quality as it was the day I got it. I still get regular compliments on it. I haven't ever regretted such an awesome purchase. <end>
 B000HBV2ZE  Sterling Silver Endless Hoop Earrings, thin 1 mm tube 3/4 inch round ||	  Hoops  Earring were not strong at all. I would not recommend the purchase of this product. They are stylish for a younger girl. <end>
 B000HBWQZE  Sterling Silver Endless Hoop Earrings, thin 1 mm tube 1 3/4 inch round ||	  Great hoop earrings  These are lightweight and great looking hoops. i wear them all the time. great price and great looking! <end>  Sterling Hoops  Product was exactly as described. Packaged very well and shipped ASAP. Great transaction! <end>  Nice go-to hoops  I've always kept a good pair of hoops at the ready. Its a nice standard to have in your wardrobe.I bought these to replace my old set. They look great, but they are a bit thinner and softer than my old pair. They warp if you tug them out too quickly, and have to be reshaped. Still, they always look fabulous. <end>  Ridiculous!  These earrings were so flimsy it was hard to insert into itsy-bitsy opening on the other side while it's in the ear! OMG! By the time I got it inserted the earring looked like a crazy "S" !!!!!!!!!!! They need to thicken these also. It doesn't take much to bend and break. Waste of money. <end>  waisting money..  i hate this earring,becouse the the size is not big enough, and after fer weeks the color change!!!!this is not a real sterling silver so if you dont wanna waste your money dont buy this earring its trash!!! <end>  Nice hoops  Very nice, thinner style hoops. The silver is good and shiny. I like the thinner style which is why I ordered these. Looks more classy I think. <end>
 B000HC6KG4  Pugster 22k Golden Plated Toucan Bird Clear Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooches Pin ||	  Baby Toucan  Cute, cute, and cute. Just the right size and priced right for a gift. Needed a toucan for a party themed "Toucan", and wanted to give them to a few friends. Well designed and eye catching. <end>  Perfect Gift  I ordered this item for a gift to somebody and I'm sure they will like it. It was a great item to have and in the near future I will purchase it for myself. <end>
 B000HCF6X2  Sparkling Sterling Silver Petite CZ Peace Sign Necklace ||	  Bad design  The pendant is very beautiful but when I putted it on was very disappointed. The pendant goes upside-down whenever you move. The designer did not try it on!!!!! It is a shame because it is very delicate and elegant. <end>  Charming!  This necklace is a nice, small size but has lots of sophisticated sparkle. I chose it because of the size as a gift for my young niece but it's a great accessory for an adult as well. <end>
 B000HCNH2E  Sterling Silver Windows Snap Hoop Earrings by Zina ||	  Very stylish  Another great Zina design. I purchased these to match the "Windows" teardrop pendant and they look great together. The way these earrings fasten is very secure and they are comfortable. <end>
 B000HCRALI  Zina Sterling Silver Windows Teardrop Pendant, 17" ||	  Nice piece of everday jewelry  The shape of this pendant is very flattering (elongated, draws the eye downward). It looks great with the "Windows" hoops I purchased at the same time. The chain is nice, and as with all Zina sterling - the silver is very polished and beautiful. <end>  Nice Piece, But Very Overpriced  This is a nice piece of jewelry, but as is the case with all the "by Zina" jewelry, it's very, very overpriced. Quality-wise, this piece of jewelry is no better or worse than similar pieces I've bought, for half the price or less. I've found a few similar pendant designs, for much cheaper, and I guarantee the quality is the same. There's no valid reason for these "by Zina" inflated prices. <end>  A Very Happy Mom!  My wife received this as a Mother's Day present, after we saw it as one of the Deals of the Day. She loves the chain and the pendant! Occasionally, the pendant will get twisted, but once she realized what was happening it is easy to fix. We would not have paid full price, but the deal made it reasonable. Overall, very happy with the purchase! <end>
 B000HCSFYE  Zina Sterling Silver Men's Stratus Bracelet With Double Leather Strap Silver ||	  Beautifully crafted  Great quality and very stylish. (Had purchased more expensive brand which I returned.)I definitely recommend this item. <end>  Poor Quality leather  The design of a bracelet is nice but a leather is soft and got damaged and scratched very easily.It is not what I have expected from $400 worth bracelet. <end>  expensive  I have bought the same bracelet in 2010 for 150 $ on sale from 225 USD. Wow the price is to high two years later for the same product. <end>
 B000HDCTK4  All-Natural Genuine 4 mm, Heart Shape Ruby earrings set in 14k White Gold ||	  Pleased a lady very much!  The earrings arrived sooner than predicted. They were as described and in great condition. The lady who received them as a gift was very pleased. <end>
 B000HDEPZG  All-Natural Genuine 5x3 mm, Oval Sapphire earrings set in 14k Yellow gold ||	  Beautiful & Classic  My dad gave me these earrings as a present when I got into college, & I absolutely loved them. As a jewelry maker I'm extremely picky, but I only found a couple small issues with them. The backings are a little loose so they sometimes feel like they're going to fall out. Also, the sapphires are a little too opaque. At the same time, both of these problems might just be with my pair in particular. They're actually bigger than they seem & look pretty big once you put them on. All in all, a great gift at a good price. I think most women would be very happy with them, I am! <end>  Great quality  My mother in law is sensitive to certain kinds of metal. Cheap jewelry has caused an almost allergic response in the past even so called genuine gold. My mother in law loves these earrings and wears them all the time without a problem. <end>
 B000HEC54I  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal adjustable Bracelet 7 to 8 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Truly beautiful jewelry  This is a bracelet that is prettier than the picture can show. It's just so shiny and goes with any outfit, dressy or casual. Wonderful purchase for the price. I'm never disappointed with Swarovski crystals and Gem Avenue products. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  This is a very beautiful bracelet. Just as pictured and well made. I love it. <end>
 B000HFOKDQ  10 KT White Gold Comfort Fit 5mm Wide Wedding / Engagement Band Ring ||	  Happy with my choice  I was originally shopping around at the jewelery store with my fianc&eacute;e and wasn't happy with the prices. They wanted between $700 and $800 for the same exact thing. GEM AVENUE only wanted half the price. I appreciate the business and will keep in mind for future presents. Thank You very much <end>
 B000HG77GC  Cubic-zirconia Rhodium Finish Sterling Silver Chandelier Earrings ||	  Get out your magnifying glass...  The seller didn't give the dimensions of these earrings, but showed a large picture and a price that would make the buyer think that the earrings were of a reasonably good size. I didn't expect huge, but they are tiny, tiny. The workmanship appears to be very good, but they're too small for this adult, so I gave them to a friend's granddaughter to play dress up. To Cool Styles... please add dimensions to your description. <end>
 B000HGBDDU  Cubic-zirconia Rhodium Finish Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Great Job  I sent the earrings to my daughter for christmas. It was a last minute purchase and I had it sent to my home, but your prompt response allowed me time to wrap it and forward it to her in time for santa to put it in her christmas stocking. <end>
 B000HGBPHY  All-Natural Genuine 7x5 mm, Oval Ruby pendant set in 14k Yellow gold ||	  Not worth the price  Got it as a birthday present for my wife but was not happy with what I got. The chain you get along with the pendant is so delicate u'd break it while just taking it out from the box.Pendant not big enough to be priced that high! Not worth the money is all i would say. <end>
 B000HGFQLU  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Shape Drop Pendant, 18" ||	  I love it!  This necklace is truly a piece of art, eye-catching, delicate and bold at the same time. You'll be pleased, go for it! <end>  Beautiful  I was so pleased with this necklace when I got it. Very different - gets lots of attentions and compliments! <end>
 B000HGGGKA  Sterling Silver Plain Band Polished Cuff Bracelet ||	  sterling silver cuff  Loved it when I first received it but it scratches very easy. <end>
 B000HGGS8K  Sterling Silver Children's Star of David Pendant, 15" ||	  Perfect for a child  When I ordered this, I wasn't entirely certain how big it would be. But it is the perfect size for my 2.5 yo daughter, and the chain that comes with it seems to be surviving her tugging and pulling just fine. <end>  Check Into What this is  I was surprised to find out that this is NOT a star of David as advertised. This is a symbol used by those who are in the Church of Satan. So don't put this on your kids unless you are into Satanism <end>
 B000HGHTZQ  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Shape Drop Earrings ||	  14k gold multi-shape drop earrings  These are the most beautiful pair of earrings. The length is just rightif you like long earrings as I do. They sparkle with every movement. I'mthinking about ordering another pair just in case I accidentally damage ormisplace this pair. That's just how much I like these. I sure wish theycould get them in white gold. <end>  jazzy  These earrings have a good texture and are great looking. I always get compliments when wearing them.. The only reason that they didn't get a five star rating is the locking posts are difficult to remove, especially if you have long finger nails. I wish they were hoops..other than that outstanding.14k Yellow Gold Multi-Shape Drop Earrings <end>
 B000HGLXVW  14k Yellow Gold Mesh Bracelet ||	  lovely price for gold  back in the days when gold was affordable i will say yes this was a great buy but i don't think i would get it for this price now since i purchased this over 5 years ago, loved it so much i also got the necklace <end>
 B000HGMNIO  14k Yellow Gold Children's Pink Flower Earrings ||	  Bravo to whoever thought of these  I love these earrings. I love how they dangle and how they had the backs that twist on. I have always had problems with earrgings and the backs always falling out but not with these. I never knew earrings had back like these or else I would have purchased them years ago. I also like how they dont move out of place. I bought another pair of earrings with the twist backs from amazon but they would always be upside down or twisted. You know thats not a huge deal but it could get annoying for you as it did for me. I would purchase these if I were you. <end>  Not good....  Too fragile. The flowers are not solid, they're a thin layer folded to be double sided. The enamel wears off and the posts are too long for a child.Wold not recommend. <end>
 B000HGONQE  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings w/ Amethyst ||	  Not as pictured  the earrings are as explained but the amethyst is far from being the hue that is shown in the picture. buyer beware! the stone looks light pink. <end>  OK looking, but VERY light stones  From other reviews,I was expecting the stones on this to be lighter than the picture. However, the stones are almost colorless, barely a hint of the stone color. Otherwise, the earrings are very nice, fasten well and are sturdy. <end>  Pretty in Pink  The stones are a very pretty shade of light pink. It's ashamed they are so poorly represented in the Amazon picture. The clasp is not what I expected, but very sturdy. The earrings are very small but sit nicely on the ears. <end>  Very Small Earring Than Expected  Hard to wear it on to ears since it is so small. <end>  pretty earings but......  As soon as I got them the amethyst fell out, because they were a gift and my Mom didn't want me to send them back because she hadn't even gotten them yet I had them fixed by a jeweler with jewelers glue. The clasp is difficult to figure out too, never seen earing that snap together like these do. I was going to buy another pair for myself but I'm thinking twice about it. <end>  Better than expected  I had expected to get the same pink stones everyone else is speaking of. The ones in my pair are purple, good quality amethyst. I cannot complain. <end>
 B000HHTHLY  Vintage / Boho Iridescent Pink Bead Chandelier Earrings ||	  Cheapest of the cheap  I didn't expect the treasure of the sierra madre, but these are about as cheap as you can possibly get. They look like they came out of a little kid's toy jewelry collection. <end>
 B000HHTHOG  Vintage / Antique Magenta Bead Chandelier Earrings ||	  vintage and fantastic!  These are a real winning pair of earrings!They are a great classic, vintage style and the hot pink adds a great modern, edgy style that draws that right attention up to your face!Really adore these! <end>
 B000HK8C76  Sterling Silver 6mm Wedding Band Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 ||	  great, and can't beat it for the price!  came quickly, fits true to size, great standard ring to have as a backup for travelling, etc. will let you know how it holds up! <end>  Beautiful ring, great fit  Great ring, great fit. This is one of the few rings that is NOT "comfort fit" which in my opinion is a good thing. It's still very comfortable and it looks great. The comfort fit rings end up looking too big even if they fit properly. The silver has similar weight and same bright white as similar platinum rings I've tried. <end>  Not as advertised - cheap fake metal  Horrible, this 'sterling silver' ring started turning my finger green after wearing it for 3 hours. It is NOT sterling silver! I got ripped off! <end>  Great ring for a great price!  This is a very nice ring for the money! Very heavy and 6mm! Shipping was also very fast. I have worn it for a couple of weeks now and no dings or scratches. <end>  You get what you pay for  We ordered this as an interim wedding band for my husband while his real one was being made. It scratches and dings easily, but it served its purpose. <end>  Fantastic temporary bands!  You can't beat the price! I got these in sizes 5 and 9 as temporary wedding bands for myself and my husband. We are really happy with them and have not seen any scratches yet (although we don't wear them too often). 6mm is a pretty thick ring but my husband didn't want a thin, petite band to wear. We will upgrade to more expensive bands but these are definitely worth the price! <end>  Plain Silver Ring/Band  I got this for my granddaughter. She wanted a plain band to wear with other rings. Its very pretty. A heavy silver. Worth the cost. <end>  Temporary Band  We ordered this along with the "Womens 4 MM Wide Rhodium Plated .925 Sterling Silver Band Cubic Zirconia Ring" as temporary commitment bands. I have to say that her's is holding up a lot better. With a band this wide, scuffs and scratches stick out. It will due for now until we buy the "real" ones. I wouldn't buy this for actual weddings though. You get what you pay for. <end>  Yikes!  This is not your little shell of silver trying to look like a shiney band, THIS IS TOTAL THICK, HEAVY SILVER through and through. Beautifully made; very easy on the finger. Word of caution, though - because there's so much actual silver (and we're not always used to that!) make sure to pick at least a size up, especially as you go into the wider bands. <end>  Don't buy it.  I loved the style and the fit of ring when I got it, but within 2 or 3 days, it was already tarnishing. <end>
 B000HKLW4Q  Sterling Silver Shiny Fluted Hoop Earring ||	  Exceptionally made jewerly  I bought these earrings for my daughter-in-law, they were beautifully made and I know she will be proud to wear them. I will definately buy from this seller again.R. Delio <end>
 B000HKVGTM  Sterling Silver Oval Cut Amethyst Gemstone 3mm Band Ring Size 8 ||	  February Delight  This exquisite ring is everything advertised and more. Much more beautiful than the picture shows. the color is deep and the cut is perfect. The band is comfortable and beautifully made. Teresa <end>  Beautiful ring!  The ring is as beautiful 'in person' as in the picture. You know that pictures can be 'enhanced and adjusted' to get the look the seller wants but this ring is true-to-life. It's even prettier than I expected. The ring is very well-made and the stones are big and the color of the stones is well-matched. The value far outweighs the cost. Great buy! <end>  Wonderful purchase  The picture for this item does not show the true beauty of the piece. This ring is one of the best I have ever purchased from Amazon! The ring far exceeded my expectation and will go perfectly with my dress for an upcoming elegant affair. The details of the metal is well crafted and the stones are made to look like an even more precious gem. Wonderful, wonderful piece! <end>  Awsome ringg!  1st the ring is amazing , i got it for my mothers BirthDay and it came in perfect condition!I added a wraper and letter to it , and it came in a gift boxs, which made it better, also it was astemated to come june 29 and it came june 25 !!It was the perfect gift !Great Job ! <end>  absolutely lovely  The color of the stones is just what I like. The setting is perfect. It is a very comfortable ring to wear. I am very happy with my purchase from Gem Avenue. <end>  beautiful ring  This ring is very nice, it can be stacked, just beautiful better than what I expected. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This is a gorgeous, well made ring. The lacework on the side (barely visible in the picture) makes it extra special. <end>  Silver and Amethyst ring  This ring is perfect coupled with a band or alone. It is bold and stunning. <end>
 B000HL5DJ0  Sterling Silver Multicolor Cubic Zirconia Flip Flop 32mm Long Dangle Pendant ||	  the cutiest little thing  i recieved this pendant today and couldn't belive how cute it is. it looks exactly like the picture.great for the price. this is a keeper. i always like doing business with gem ave. can't wait untill i recieve my next purchase. <end>
 B000HLFOFI  24kt Gold Plated Pink Cubic Zirconia Cherry Belly Ring ||	  Got an infection!  When I put this in it looked great for the first week but as the ring started to tarnish it caused an infection. I clean my piercing frequently and have worn other surgical steel rings but had no problems. Definitely don't waste your money. <end>
 B000HLHXK2  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Color Butterfly Anklet ||	  Beautiful!!!!!  I Ordered this anklet for myself because I love butterflies and when I received it Iwas in love thanks!!!!!! <end>
 B000HLHXKW  14k Yellow Gold Mesh Necklace, 17" ||	  BEAUTIFUL, BEAUTIFUL  THIS NECKLACE IS VERY BEAUTIFUL MY TITLE SAYS IT ALL. I WAS NOT EXPECTING IT TO BE SO PRETTY BUT THE WEIGHT, DETAIL, CLASP, STYLE IS JUST BEAUTIFUL. I'M ONLY UPSET THAT I DIDN'T BUY TWO. ONE FOR MYSELF AND ONE AS A GIFT. THE NECKLACE CAME IN A LARGE BLUE SUEDE LIKE BOX WITH A CARE CARD. I'M VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHASE. IT IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE, I CAUGHT IT ON SALE BUT I WOULD HAVE PAID FULL PRICE. IT'S VERY UNIQUE. I LOVE IT! <end>  well worth it  I also got this on a sale. really nice piece. well worth the price.Get it, you will love it, thats if it ever comes back in stock. <end>
 B000HLIXLK  14k Yellow Gold Basketball Pendant ||	  Beautiful pendant  Gift for my daughter - she loved it. It is very well made and absolutely beautifu! <end>
 B000HLJR8I  24kt Gold Plated Clear Cubic Zirconia Cherry Belly Ring ||	  Warning - "24KT Gold Plated" is a LIE! Beware!  This product is nothing more then a trash. "24KT Gold Plated" description LIES, this product is more expensive but it is MUCH WORSE than ones from steel. It is a very nice looking peace upon receiving but it looses all brightness and becomes brown and black just after one day of wearing! Beware!I'm extremely disappointed, it's a pity that one can't give a NEGATIVE rating, -100 will be appropriate  -/ <end>
 B000HLJUQ2  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Ball Earrings ||	  Cute but ...  Very short posts. I think these are more geared for children. Pretty though. <end>  Great earrings  These earrings are a complete no brainer when Amazon loses its mind and runs them on special for $4 or $5 with super saver shipping. Yes, they did that on June 8 and I partially passed the shopping IQ test because I only bought one pair. These are perfect for your young granddaughters with pierced ears. Think stocking stuffers for Christmas, and watch the Friday Sales to see if Amazon loses its mind again. By the way, they are totally 14K gold, and the quality of workmanship is there besides. <end>  GREAT LITTLE EARRINGS  I BROUGHT THESE FOR MY SECOND HOLE IN MY EAR, SO IT IS JUST WHAT I EXPECTED (SMALL AND CUTE). QUALITY IS NICE! THE EARRINGS WILL BE GREAT AS A 1ST PAIR FOR YOUR LITTLE PRINCESS. <end>  14K Yellow Gold 3mm Ball Earring  I have been looking for a simple earring and I am glad that I could find it here. If you ever make a smaller size like 2mm, please send me a note because I would be interested in purchasing them also.Thanks! <end>  Very nice earrings  They are lovely and the size is just what I wanted. I bought two pair as gifts but I'm tempted to keep one for myself. <end>
 B000HLLUCY  14k Yellow Gold Round Filigree Pendant, 18" ||	  OMG, love this!  This is one of the most beautiful necklaces I have ever purchased. I received so many comments and compliments on it! Love it! <end>  14k gold pendant  I bought this item to give as a birthday gift. The person that received it loved it. <end>  delicate pendant  This pendant was beautiful and appeared as pictured, but was smaller than I expected. I had searched the description for a size of the pendant, but could not find it. It is about and inch in diameter, which was a little too small for me. <end>
 B000HLLUDS  14k Yellow Gold Heart Necklace, 17" ||	  A little disappointed  I purchased this necklace for my daughter for Christmas. It came completely tangled up. It took me a good 30 minutes to untangle it and it still has a small knot in it that I can't get out. It is super tiny. The picture is really deceiving. It looks like a little kid's necklace. Not worth the money. <end>  Very small  When I received this necklace I could not believe it was in a plastic bag. After opening it the problem became quite clear. It was TIED in knots. I can't believe this was done in shipping. Someone had to tie it to get such a mess. It took me 1 hour, my son an additional hour, then my nephew a half an hour to finally untie it. After all that you'll see that when the other reviewers say "Dainty" they really mean small. The picture is really deceiving. I think this is going for $65 now. I paid $44 before Christmas on a Gold box deal. Wasn't worth the $44. <end>  not great maybe just OK  purchased this necklace for my girlfriend for $45 from amazon, so do not pay more. You may not want to pay less. Very cheaply made and extremely small. The picture does not do it justice. It came completely tangled up and took a good half hour to untangle. It is super tiny not worth the money. <end>  Very NICE!!  I was quite pleased with this purchase. The necklace is very cute and dainty. It lays around the neck very nicely. I am very pleased with it. <end>  SIMPLE & PRETTY  I THINK THIS NECKLACE IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY. IT IS DELICATE AND SIMPLE. YET IT IS VERY PRETTY. CAN BE LAYED FOR A BEAUTIFUL LOOK. <end>  Beautiful necklace !  I got one for my mom for mother's day and my husband bought one for me for our 17th wedding anniversary in May. I love it! It is dainty and hangs just right around the neck. Goes perfect with my skin color and my other jewerly. Gold for me is just perfect because it sparkles as with the white gold it doesn't. Thanks amazon for having great jewerly.... <end>  My daughter's family  I bought this necklace for my daughter,Aimee, who is having her first child after 7 years of marriage. The inside smaller middle heart signifies the baby that she is carrying inside of her, the large heart is for Aimee (who is dearly loved by everyone) - the one on the right is her love for "Zachary" after he is born and the left is her love for her husband which will make their family complete. <end>  Beautiful necklace  I bought this necklace immediately when I saw it. It looks beautiful on, a nice, delicate necklace, that sits perfectly at the base of the neck. It's the perfect size, and looks wonderful. I was impressed with the quality. <end>
 B000HLLUF6  Duragold 14k Solid Gold Perfectina Chain Necklace (1.0mm) ||	  Meets expectations  This is not the first time I have bought jewelry online, and not the first time I have purchased it from amazon.com. On me due to my stature, this necklace sits like a choker, but would be great with an appropriate pendant or if worn with other jewelry.The chain itself is very thin and while I am not active at this time, I tend to work out and would advise taking off this and as always other jewelry before working out especially due to the general advertised thinness of this chain.If you want a good basic necklace to start a collection or just something generally nice, this is the purchase for you. <end>  very happy  just what i was looking for. fine and beautiful ,right length for all different pendants, very pleased, and would recommend <end>  Duragold 14k White Gold Solid Perfectina Chain Necklace (1.0mm), 16&#34;  Duragold 14k White Gold Solid Perfectina Chain Necklace (1.0mm), 16&#34; came quickly and the wike loved it. Very dainty, highly reccommend. <end>  wonderful!!  Ordering online is easy and enjoyable !! I have never enjoyed shopping but I can say that I do enjoy it this way!!! <end>  Wear it all the time  I got this necklace as an exchange for a thinner, longer one. I love this. It is a perfect length to just be on me and not get in my way. It is still a thin chain, but thick enough to feel robust and solid. I have been sleeping and showering with it on for a week or so now with no problems. It is subtle and glittery, but not gaudy. I also have very long and fine hair, and it has not gotten tangled around the chain, even while sleeping with my hair down. I highly recommend this chain. <end>  got it for my Girl, she loves it  This one is not that long so you can see the pendulum (or however you call that thing (a little gold cross I gave her for xmass)), but the chain which came with it broke. this was a replacement. it is solid, and great, would recommend you get it for you girl too!!! <end>  Perfect for a child  I got this necklace for my granddaughter to use with a cross and it is perfect for a child. It is very pretty, delicate and has a &#34;sparkle&#34; due to the way the links are interwoven. For an adult it might be a bit thin. <end>  just a little to short to fit  nice but too short needs about 1 more inch to fit and maybe 2 more inches to put something on it <end>  As expected  Looks good on and is good quality, As expected and happy with the purchase. Would recommend for those who need a simple chain. <end>  very bad quality  Necklace was damaged and of very low quality. Seems like there is no quality control in the manufacturer. Visible inperfections. Necklace should not have shipped like that. <end>  Small but perfect  This is a very pretty chain which I bought to hang a small pendant on. I wanted something elegant but not too flashy, and on the whole I think that this was a good choice.As other reviewers have said, this necklace is quite small - I recognise that 16 inches *is* small for a necklace length, but this is a short 16 inches! (I have other necklaces the same length that hang more easily and less tightly).The chain is more fragile than I imagined; likely because the 1mm width is not created by a series of individual links but rather by a complex interlocking pattern of smaller links. These tiny links have less surface area than larger links would have, and so the chain doesn't always have the lustre that you'd expect from white gold. Furthermore, perhaps because of the tininess of the chain links, the clasp is also very small and so it can be a bit fiddly to do up, especially in a hurry.However, this doesn't detract significantly from the loveliness of the necklace. The small catch means you can be reasonably confident that you will be able to slide a pendant past it if you want to; the twisty shimmer of the unadorned chain would also make a lovely, understated necklace on its own. <end>  Delicate but good!  Yes, this is a delicate chain but it's very pretty and worth the price. It holds my Miraculous Medal just fine. And they look good together. Good purchase! <end>  Dainty  Dainty and pretty. Looks very delicate, but so far holding up to the grabby hands of my 2 year old and 4 month old. <end>  Very nice chain!  This chain did not disappoint! Nice quality at a very good price. Exactly what I was looking for. Custom length of 16" was unavailable locally and was happy with this no shipping cost too! Connie <end>  Love this chain  This is a beautiful chain- clasp is reasonable for the size of the chain. Needed a 14kt chain for a pendant received as a christmas gift, and this is perfect. Not for very large pendants, but it is solid gold and very pretty. <end>  Yellow Gold 14K Perfectina Necklace  I bought this item off Amazon after looking at a very similar one in Macy's. This necklace was half the price compared to the department store. The Necklace is very delicate but has good substance to it. It is suitable for small pendants. It has a ring hook clasp that works just fine and is stamped with 14K. When the chain catches the light it has a sparkle/shimmer to it. I am very pleased with this item. I was extra pleased to discover that it was made in the USA. <end>  Necklace Knot  Opened the package to find the necklace as one big knot. Necklace was of decent quality for the money but was a pain to get out of the knot it was in. <end>  Honey loves it  )  Got this to hang a pendant I had made for my fiancee. It's a very fine, thin chain but has a design that looks amazing under light- shines and sparkles as if it were crystal studded. The links are very fine but appear quite sturdy despite that.I got this as a 16" chain which fits her just right, but she's a really small lady. For someone of average height, it would probably be too short. I was a bit concerned that the charm I attached would be too heavy, but it doesn't seem to be an issue at all.The chain came in a velvet pouch and box. It is all clearly well made and very elegant. <end>  very nice chain  very pretty chain, but its very thin. I feel like it will snap easily. overall im satisfied with the chain. <end>  Nice Chain  Nice chain with a pendant to complement a good price to look elegant, very suitable for being discreet size which enhances the distinction <end>  I expected more.  The chain is shorter than I expected even though it did list the length. It is also more delicate than I expected. I realize you pay for what you get but I've gotten a lot more for less. If you need a chain for a pendant it's just ok. <end>  my hair gets caught in this chain!  My husband bought the Duragold white gold chain for me at Christmas, to replace a chain that always got caught in my hair and then ultimately broke when I tried to un-entangle it! This 1.0mm chain is very dainty, more so than I thought it would be after viewing it online. I wasn't sure it would be sufficient for a three-stone pendant, but it's done just fine, without the pendant flipping around when I turn my head.At first, it didn't seem to get caught in my hair as much as the other one, but with my fine hair, I am constantly pulling it out of the chain. It usually breaks, so the hairs get stuck and wrapped around the chain. I tried burning it off, but that blackens the chain and I'm now trying to get those marks removed. These delicate rope chains with small openings are always going to get caught up in fine, long hair, but I think it would be better with a thicker chain.Most of the time I can get it clasped without a mirror. I do leave it on 24/7 (I take it off for a massage, dying my hair, stuff like that) and it has held up fine, so it's sturdier than I expected as well. Because it's dainty I was worried it would break with ongoing wear, but it doesn't seem like it will, and I've caught it with a comb a few times. The clasp doesn't end up in front any more than any other necklace, which could be another concern with a lightweight chain.I would like to see this chain offered in a 2.0mm size, as I would have preferred something with a little more thickness, but it really looks lovely with my pendant and is a great value. Beautiful white gold color as well. If you have fine, long hair, though, I'd look for a different style of chain so it's not always ripping your hair out! <end>  Exactly what I was looking for  I bought this to replace a chain on a very beloved necklace. I wear it nearly every day without taking it off, and it has yet to show any signs of dirt or wear. It is a fairly small, dainty chain, but exactly what I wanted. It is beautiful and a good buy for the price. <end>  Beautiful!!!  I spent a lot of time (both online and in stores) searching for a good deal on a white gold chain and couldnt touch one for under $160 on sale in a store. I decided to take a chance in ordering one from Amazon and am VERY happy I did. The chain is of good quality, very sparkly (like diamonds) and beautiful. It is perfect for a small pendant or to wear by itself. I would definatley recommend this necklace to everyone..  ) <end>  INCREDIBLE WEIGHT  The chain weigh 1.5 grams from website description. When I received and used an accurate gram weight scale to check the chain weigh, it is only 0.9g. INCREDIBLE!!! <end>  Great Necklace!  This necklace is a great buy - very pleased with the necklace and the length is perfect for my pink topaz pendant. Would highly recommend this necklace. <end>  Nice lightweight gold chain  As the title states - Lightweight! Bought for an adult woman, so this should not pose a problem, but definitely would suggest heavier chain for children or men. Beauitfully crafted chain, years of usage, nice price! <end>  Lightweight Chain for Women  A delicate chain and very pretty. The cut and finish on the chain really sparkles making it appear thicker. Bought for my daughter in law as a gift to go with a small dark purple amethyst set in 14K gold pendant.The combination was quite stunning and everyone in the room immediately noticed the sparkle to the chain. While I did not weigh the chain I could care less if it is lighter than advertised. The markup on new gold jewelry is so high that anyone looking for investment value should look elsewhere. If you are looking for a delicate, high quality, lightweight 14K gold chain for under $100.00 and backed by Amazon's incredible service then this is for you. <end>  Nice, but a little thin  This chain is a little thin for the intended pendant, but I kept it for use in the future because of the quality. <end>  Great Christmas gift  This is a very small chain. It is perfect for holding a small broach of some kind. Gold is seldom the cause of an alergic reaction so it makes a perfect gift. <end>  Clasp too small  The clasp is so small that I can't put this chain on by myself and even my husband had trouble with it. <end>
 B000HLOJZY  Amazon.com  J14, Blue Glass Bead and Pearl Long Necklace with Matching Ear Ring for Women and Teens  Clothing ||	  Long Necklace right for some, but not everyone  This long, bright, and colorful necklace is a good accent for a very young girl's outfit, or an older woman of a certain colorful type. The individual bead components are attractive. Taken together, they would overwhelm a subtle costume, but if flash is what you're looking for, here it is. <end>
 B000HLQHIG  Southwestern Style Buffalo Band Ring with Lapis, Coral, Turquoise & Malachite Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 9, #10828 ||	  Gave this as a gift...  I ordered two of these rings as Christmas gifts. They were heavier than I expected them to be, not at all flimsy or cheap-looking. The inlays seemed to be of high-quality - very bright stones and flush with the silver band. I was very pleased with this item. <end>  Sterling silver buffalo ring with turquoise,coral, and lapis accents  I purchased this ring as a gift for my husband. Very masculine looking ring with a thick shank or band made of sterling silver. Nicely detailed and finished cut and polished. Makes a wonderful gift for any man who loves native american style jewelry. Black triangles add a touch of unique one of a kind look that compliments the buffalo perfectly. Weight is heavier than I expected and although S&H a bit pricey 7.95. Shipped Fed Ex and will arrive in time for the holidays. <end>  Excellent Quality  A customer review convinced me to purchase this Buffalo ring, and I'm very pleased. This ring is top notch in looks, feel, design and the rich colors of the stones are outstanding. The stones are very flush with the band so nothing irrates the finger when the band turns around. I was very impressed with how quickly the ring arrived. So much care went into packing the ring that it took awhile to finally get to the small box inside. That's the good news. The bad news  I am going to be greatly tempted to purchase more items from Taos Trading Jewelry in the near future! <end>  Exceptional Ring  I purchased this ring becuase of the unique design shown and the description. The ring was delivered in a timely manner and met all of my expectations. The ring fit perfectly and I'm very pleased. I have received numerous compliments on the ring. <end>  Lovely ring  Beautiful color and lovely silver ring. The band had a nice weight and thickness to it. It runs just a bit small so consider that when you size it. I absolutely love the ring, it's very comfortable and I wear it every day. I'm a woman and I think it works well as a man's or women's ring <end>  Beautiful ring. Great customer service.  This ring is beautiful and well made, it is worth the price and more. I bought two rings from Taos Trading Rings and they are both really well made at a very fair price. What is better is the customer service was outstanding. In the 10 years I have used Amazon I can remember writing one other review. But my experience was so good with this company that I really wanted to spread the word and encourage you to buy from them! I am leaving this same review for the other ring I bought too. <end>  great ring!!  I ordered this for my husband. It is beautiful, well-made, unusual. He loved it!! <end>
 B000HM9P48  One Stainless Steel Single Flared Eyelet  4g 3/8" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	   )  Everything was great!Shipping only took one day!Product was exactly as pictured! <end>
 B000HNMEV8  Wide Southwestern Style Whirlwind Design Band Ring in Sterling Silver and Chip Inlay Turquoise for Men or Women, Size 9, #10827 ||	  Awesome ring!  I got this ring for my husband. It is beautiful, and he loves it. Taos Trading gives _excellent_ service, also. I was a bit off on my husband's ring size, but the service provided in exchanging the ring for the correct size was excellent -- fast, friendly, very accommodating. I highly recommend Taos Trading and their products! <end>  turquoise&sterling silver inlaid band ring  I am very pleased with the ring. It was a gift to my husband and he loved it!! It was so easy to purchase and it arrived in plenty of time.Thank you!Sincerely,Lois Garbarini <end>
 B000HP7CAE  Live Laugh Love Enamel Pink Ribbon Breast Cancer Awareness Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  It's very nice  It's another, really nice part in your braclet. So if you want to add something new in your braclet, get it. <end>
 B000HPTT8W  Amazon.com  Silver Metal Cufflink | Fanfare Cufflink  Clothing ||	  cufflinks  These cufflinks are really sharp looking and were a great gift! they look really nice - <end>
 B000HQKPZ2  Sterling Silver Mocha Aventurine Pendant, 16"- 18" ||	  Absolutely beautiful  I got this for my wife as a gift and she absolutely loved it. It is beautiful. <end>  Lovely  I bought this as a gift for a friend and she absolutely loved it. It's delicate yet funky, which is exactly my friend. She still gets comments on how beautiful the stone is. The chain is remarkably sparkly. The stone is about the size of a nickel.  -) Not too big, not too small. <end>
 B000HQMP32  Sterling Silver Sodalite Cushion Link Necklace, 16"-18" ||	  Really beautiful necklace  This is a beautiful and well-made necklace and the price is very good esp when it came on sale for more than half the price. <end>  Happily Surprised  This is the first time I have ordered jewelry from Amazon and really didn't know what to expect. I was plesantly surprised , this necklace is of good quality for the price. It looks great with any shade of blue from sweaters to blue jeans . I'd recommend it! <end>
 B000HQMPAU  Sterling Silver Open Cushion Cuff Bracelet ||	  VERY solid piece!  I was very impressed with how heavy and solid this piece of jewelry was. It's well made, shiny, and fits well, unlike other cuff bracelets that the ends would catch on your purse or something and "bend" the piece and potentially damaging it. I have no fear with that with this bracelet.For the value, it is well worth it as it looks and feel like a very expensive piece!A great buy! Highly recommended! <end>
 B000HQOUJO  Sterling Silver Open Round Sculpted Pendant, 16"-18" ||	  Not What I expected  I guess it's my own fault. I should have read the product details more closely. I was very shocked when I opened the little blue pouch and found that the necklace was smaller than a dime. I ordered two of these and I'm pretty sure I'm going to send them both back. The pendant is appropriately sized for a child, but the necklace is really too delicate to be a children's piece of jewelry. The product details clearly state the size of the necklace, and I know it's my own fault for not reading it, but I would have never thought an adult piece of jewelry would be so tiny. In addition to the tiny size, the pendant is stamped on one side. Several of the reviews say it twists when worn, and the stamp is very noticeable. <end>  Good Item  While the necklace is very pretty, it appears on Amazon to be bigger than it actually is. Before buying, read the dimensions that Amazon provides and see if that is large enough. Still though, I am satisfied. <end>  Very nice  I was looking for a small necklace that I could wear every day and this is very suitable. It is small, but if that's what you want you should be pleased with it. <end>  Yes it's small, but still a nice neckalce & pendant  I bought this on a 70% off sale and even though I should have know from the description and reviews I was still surprised at the size. Regardless I still like it and plan on keeping it. If I had paid more for it I don't know that I would, but at $6 I'm very satisfied. In regards to the stamp that is on one side and others complained of it showing, I solved it by looping the chain through so that it doesn't twist. <end>  Simply beautiful  I got this necklace as a gift. I like it a lot. I have received a lot of compliments. The Round Sculpted Pendant is highly polished. It looks even nicer than the picture shown. The simple and elegant design makes it looks great both dress up and dress casually. Very versatile for any age group. I am getting a few more for holiday gifts (for people ranging from 19 to 75). <end>  Wedding Gift for bridesmaids  I bought this as a gift for my bridesmaids. These necklaces have been absolutely fabulous. They are very pretty and have held up nicely. Next to no tarnish in the last year! I'm actually back today to purchase one for myself. <end>  A superb gift  The girl who accepted my gift told me that's the exact model what shes been looking for. <end>  poor design  One side of the pendant is stamped with the silver mark. The way it hangs on the chain, the pendant flips over constantly, so you can see the stamp. We're sending it back! <end>  my girlfriend loved this  This was a beautiful necklace that my girlfriend really liked and wears reguarly and other girls ask her about it all the time i loved the quality of this item very much. <end>  Very Small!  Even after reviewing the sizes given for this item I was surprised by how small it was. The pendant is no bigger than an M&M candy. I was expecting it to be about twice that size! Picture threading a silver M&M on a chain - that is this necklace. I would rather have had it be closer to the size of a nickel or maybe even a quarter. <end>  Picture is misleading!  Probably partially my fault but it was pretty funny when I opened this necklace. I did think it was going to be at least the size of a quarter! I'm sending it back! It's actually SMALLER than an M&M! <end>
 B000HQQX6W  Sterling Silver Black Agate Pendant, 16"-18" ||	  Nice Agate, Cheap Chain  This item came in a timely manner and I got what I paid for. It was a little smaller than I had imagined and the necklace was pretty cheap, but the stone looks really good on my girlfriend. She wears it out a lot and has gotten complemented at work on it. <end>  very pretty  This necklace is a lot smaller then it appears in the picture I was not happy with the size of the chain it is shorter then 18" , also it is a very delicate chain. Other wise I love it the stone is beautiful and just the right weight. <end>
 B000HQQXBC  Sterling Silver Small Cushion-Shaped Drop Earrings ||	  Shiny!  This earrings are well-made, very shiny, and perhaps larger than you would think. However, it you are like me and earrings simply disappear in your hair, these earrings are for you! They will be noticed. <end>  great earrings  I bought these earrings for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she absolutely loved them. Very nice, looks much more exspensive than what I paid for them. She was heartbroken when the dog ate one of them, so I am back today to purchase another pair (too bad they aren't still on sale!) Maybe this will get my sweet 'grand-dog' out of the dog house!! <end>
 B000HR1NC0  Sterling Silver Pink Crystal Cube Dangling on a Circle Silver Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very Nice...  I bought them for my daughters birthday. She hasn't gotten them yet but I think they are very nice looking and I know that she'll love them. <end>
 B000HRD026  Silver Tone Hand Grenade Belly Ring ||	  Grenade Belly ring looks like Perfume bottle  I probably should've paid more attention to the picture but it looks more like an old school perfume bottle with the puff ball. But if you check out their website they have other cool stuff. Also I have a tiny belly button so the bar that actually goes through the skin should be smaller if i would wear it. <end>
 B000HRD10W  Violet Gem Green Tempest Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Pretty  The stones are a slightly lighter color than they appear in the photograph, more of a wine color than a dark purple. The charm has great detail, the enamel shimmers. The whole piece attracts attention. One of my favorites. <end>
 B000HRP9IE  Amazon.com  Men&#39;s Stripes Cuff Link by Enrico Pardini - Pink/Purple in Silver Rhodium  Clothing ||	  nice.  I bought these as a gift, along with another pair from this seller. These were offered at an extremely low price and when they arrived, they were well worth what I paid. I would recommend these (and this seller) <end>
 B000HVDX10  Beautiful! Diamond-cut Black Hills Gold/Sterling-Silver Women's/Men's Wedding Bands ||	  Beautiful ring  I was thrilled when I opened the box, this ring is so beautiful. The diamond cut sparkles in the sunlight and the colors are very pretty. Also, the band is very comfortable on my finger because the edge is very smooth. I can easily wear it all day at work and it's comfortable. Also, I love the design, very creative and artistic! You won't regret this purchase! <end>  Wedding bands  The Rich Peel / Black Hills Gold / Silver wedding band chosen, was absolutely beautiful, beyond expectation. And the item was received promptly, in a very nice gift box. A very nice transaction, <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!  When I opened up the box containing this ring I WAS SO PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! I ordered a size 5, and that's exactly what I got! The diamond cut makes it sparkle beautifully in the light and the classical Black Hills leaves are EXACTLY LIKE THE PICTURE LOOKS! Thank you for describing this ring honestly, and because of your honesty I will be a return customer! WHAT A BEAUTIFUL RING! <end>
 B000HVJ7OW  18 Gauge Crystalline Gem Flexible Clear Nose Ring ||	  Low-quality, but the gem does stay attached  There's not a lot to say about this item, but I will include these points - Jewel on end looks unique and does not detach easily- Low quality, but not easily damaged- Does not irritate or inflame piercing- Not uncomfortable to wear <end>  Not worth it.  I recently purchased this product, and although the product arrived in record time, the quality of such was not to my liking. The nose screw was not flexible at all, and the plastic was not smooth. The plastic all up to the top of the nose screw was babrbed, thus making it painful to put in and imposible as well. To make matters worse, when attepmting to bend the nose screw for inscertion, it snapped in half. I am completey dissatisfied with this product, and reccomend going to peircing paghoda or walmart and purchase a nose screw of better quality and at a better price. <end>
 B000HVJ9EU  18 Gauge Blue Gem BIOPLAST Nose Ring ||	  Most comfortable nose jewlery available!  I've had more than my fair share of piercings that have come and gone over the years and for some reason, I got a bee in my bonnet to have my nose pierced. As is my penchant, I did more than a little research on where to go and about the jewelry I wanted.When I got to the piercing establishment of choice for my area (noted to have a good selection of jewelry) the guy told me that he only pierced with a nose bone (straight pin with small retaining bump on the end) and could not put in nose screws, and never put a ring in for a nose piercing.I realize this is contrary to most advice, as rings are easiest for healing and the nose bone is infamous for not staying in place. I went ahead, assuming the guy knew his business and honestly I didn't want to wait to find someone else. I was pierced with a 16 gauge needle, and the nose bone is 20 gauge (wha?). Then he tells me 8 out of 10 girls come back because the stud fell out in the first three days, but if I could keep the thing in that long my piercing would heal around the jewelry eventually - and I'd be all set.Needless to say after I got home, the thing kept popping up like a turkey timer, it just wasn't long enough or big enough to stay in the hole made by the larger gauge needle and because of the slight swelling, the nose bone wasn't long enough to go all the way through. I was forever pushing it back in, and every time I touched my nose, I was just asking for an infection. I resorted to keeping the thing stuck down with a little super glue (which worked and is sterile) for the first two days until I could hunt down better jewelry.I tried other nose bones (no go). I tried the traditional metal screw, and right angle pins. No, no no. Nothing fit. The screw and angles wouldn't go through my nose, just into the skin inside. Ouch, ouch, ouch! Then my bioplast gem arrived.Because of it's flexibility, I was able to bend it straight to fish it through (with a little ointment to lubricate it) and it slid in on the first try. Unlike metal screws which are notorious for hanging out of your nostril (because they aren't one size fits all noses), the soft bioplast is easily tucked well up inside your nose, the gem fits snugly against the skin for a sparkling freckle effect that is very subtle, and it's SO comfortable you don't even feel it.It's also very easy to clean around, especially with a q-tip (which is also a great way to place the inner loop to where you want it), and I suspect I won't have to touch it again, other than for cleanings, until it's completely healed in about six weeks.I've had my ears pierced many times (lobe and cartilage), my labret, my eyebrow, my navel, my tongue and the web between my thumb and first finger. None of those piercings have been as much trouble as this silly little nose piercing, and all because of bad jewelry. They shouldn't use ANY other kind of material for nose screws than this stuff. I wasted a ton of money on stuff that doesn't work, and doesn't fit. I'm amazed after all the fooling with it I did, I haven't gotten an infection.Do yourself a favor, and get one of these. Even if your piercer doesn't carry them, have one on hand for after the fact because everything else (other than a hoop) will just cause you grief. <end>
 B000HVL1JG  Solid 14kt Yellow Gold 2mm Aquamarine Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Nose Ring ||	  Great with an adjustment...  Had to use pliers to shape it into an L shape because its too small! I have a small nose so its like child sized. Or maybe I just wasn't putting it in right. Who knows. I would recommend L shaped studs..so easy to put in and it doesn't fall out. <end>
 B000HWBT6K  Onyx & Silver Tuxedo Cufflinks & Stud Set ||	  Black onyx cufflinks and stud set  These cuff links and studs are perfect for what we needed them for. They are good quality for the price and I would recommend them to anyone needing a reasonably priced set for a formal function. I bought 2 sets as my husband and son were attending the same function and both men liked them. <end>  Mens Onyx and Silver Cufflinks  Fantastic product and quick delivery! I will certainly seek this vendor for future, related items. <end>  Good cufflinks  I purchased these for use with a tux, and have worn them a couple times. They have generally worked out very well Pros -They have a nice heft to them; they don't feel or look cheap-Simple, elegant design-They didn't fall out or get lost during long hours of crazy wedding partying and dancing-Comes with a nice little box (although not the highest quality box)Cons -A bit expensive, although still reasonable compared to alternatives-Would be nice it the box they came in wasn't quite so cheap / plastic, but then again, the box isn't what people seeI'd recommend them to those looking for some nice but not outrageously priced studs / links to go with a tux. <end>  Great stuf!  Excellent, polite customer service and very speedy processing. This product received is exactly as pictured. I am pleased. Will order again from these nice people. <end>  Price is just a bate  This came within the time stated. I bought this as a gift, it was advertised as $28.95 and when I saw the bill, I was charged $45.98. The item is nice but don't get bated by the advertised price, keep looking for something else.Tuxedo Cufflinks and Studs - Black Onyx with Silver Tone by Cuff-Daddy <end>  Not very sturdy/durable  They work fine as fasteners, are decent looking (if plain) and are pretty cheap, but not very durable. The black face of one of the studs fell off after two uses, leaving only the silver body. The other studs and cufflinks have held up fine, but it's still annoying.I guess I shouldn't have expected more given the price, but I wouldn't recommend these. Spring a little extra for a set that is more durable and can be used longer. <end>  Great for the price!  I'm a professional musician and bought these cufflinks to wear with my tuxedo at various concerts throughout the year. I've had them for about a year now, and I would have to say that they were well worth the price. (definitely better than the $200 or more alternatives) I have used them several times and haven't had any problems with chipping, breaking, etc. like some of the other reviews mention. Don't be scared off by some of the other reviews; these are great cufflinks and definitely worth the price. I highly recommend them. <end>  CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!  I strongly suggest that you do not buy this product. I was looking to get something that looked decent for a tuxedo I have, and while this product was more expensive it seemed a reasonable buy. The product, however, was extremely poor quality. Literally I took it out of the box the day of my Chamber of Commerce event, and while putting it into the shirt one of the buttons literally broke in half. Another button had the black insert fall out and thus I could not use it as I did not have glue to put the black insert back in. I was able to wear the remaining items without incident, but it is pretty clear that the quality is not something I expect to get much use out of. Terrible product. Look elsewhere. <end>  Decent Cufflinks and Studs!  These look really sharp and are very formal looking. It may be a little tricky keeping the 4th stud in your shirt if you have a lil belly! That aside, well made, and I do not know why anyone would complain about the box???! Are you serious?!! LOL! Nobody sees or cares about the box! Great cuff links and studs! <end>  Don't be fooled, these are cheap for a reason  I thought I would get these and save a few bucks over the $100-$200 stud and cuff-link sets. I should have known you get what you pay for.These were so bad I had to return them. The metal setting was all chipped and scarred on the studs, and the black stones on the cuff-links were too small and off-center. These studs and cuff-links are obviously cut-rate and very poorly made.I can't recommend these to anyone. <end>  Cuff Daddy  Mens Onyx and Silver Cufflinks and Studs Formal SetThese were great! They were delivered in record time and were just what we expected. Good value for the money. <end>  Looks nice, but cheap and break easily  I needed some silver tone studs and links for a wedding. These fit the bill, looked nice, decent price, but the shafts of the studs broke the first time I removed them from my shirt (getting ready to send to dry cleaner). Waste of money! <end>
 B000HX3A2U  Heart Shaped Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver  Very nice little piece of jewelry, and presented in an attractive box. Worth the money. <end>
 B000HX3A52  Princess Cut London Blue Topaz Three Stone Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful!  I bought this for my daughter and am VERY pleased with it. It is delicate with beautiful stones and silver work. Definitely worth the money! <end>
 B000HX3AK2  Pear Cut Peridot Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Cute!  This is a beautiful necklace, and looks like it's made of good quality materials. I haven't had it long enough to testify to the longevity of the piece, but the chain is surprisingly sturdy, and the stone is securely set. The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of 5 stars is the size. The description is a bit misleading. This pendant is TINY. Really, really tiny. It is just over half an inch long, and unless you read the description at the bottom, the picture at the top next to the measurement is inaccurate, at least according to my ruler at home. But it is definitely worth getting, especially at such a great price. It would be a perfect gift, too! It is pretty and shiny and just a really nice looking little piece. <end>  It's small but nice  I wanted to give this as gift to someone, but I didn't because I was disappointed when I received it.As someone mentioned, the jewel is very small. I know the actual size is mentioned in the description, but when I ordered it, I didn't understand it actually. It was the size of a finger nail.Another reason I didn't like it was it didn't look as good as the photo. It just didn't. Also the jewelry part doesn't really settle down properly when it is put on the neck;the pendent just sticks out.What I liked about it?-The chain. It was very sturdy. I think I can still use it for something.-The tiny box. I love the purple box that it came with.-The jewel. I love how that green jewel is put properly on the piece. I don't think it would come out randomly. <end>  Nice!  Nice pendant, which arrived with lightning speed! Only drawback is that the bale prevents the pendant from lying flat against the chest, instead, it rocks back & forth. I would have rated this item as four stars, if it were not for that one flaw. The cut & color of the peridot are of decent quality & the sterling silver setting is a very nice, different design. <end>
 B000HX3C82  Oval Moonstone Bead Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Seriously???!!  Wow I like jewelry that is on the smaller side I guess, but THIS PENDANT IS MINISCULE!! It definitely looked like it was meant to be worn by a young child..... ive seen pendants that are this small when they are sparkling, precious gems, but in moonstone??? The size of the moonstone was literally half the size of my pinky-finger nail! So, I returned this small, feather-light pendant and they had the nerve to take $5.00 out of my refund for returning it (eventhough I paid the return shipping). Will not buy from again. <end>
 B000HX3C9G  Oval Opal Bead Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Stunning!  Love this and the other necklace I bought from Peora. Can't beat the price and free shipping--just amazing. <end>
 B000HX3CQY  Oval Mother Of Pearl Bali Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Horrible !!  Not at all attractive......very disappointed.....2 different shades of white that dont look right. A waste of money. <end>
 B000HX3DAO  Pear Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful pendant - a bit small.  The pendant was exactly as advertised. The stone was very beautiful and well cut. The chain it comes on, though not photographed that well is really amazing. Often times with these purchases I am disappointed by the chain - but this was very lovely. I am a woman who finds oversized jewelry a bit gaudy, so the dainty size of this pendant is perfect for me and my small frame. I was very very pleased with this order! <end>
 B000HX3DFY  Marquise Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  great  peora never disappoints. i loved this necklace too. it was for a bridesmaid in my wedding. she loved it too. <end>
 B000HX5884  Heart Cut Garnet Three- Stone Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  garnet pendant  This garnet pendant caught my eye over every other pendant. It arrived quickly, and I found it be cuter than what the picture showed. I have worn it many times and recieved compliments. <end>  Absolutely Gorgeous  Don't let the price fool you this is an amazing piece of jewelry, very beautiful, made my girlfriend cry. BUY THIS JEWELRY, and for that matter, buy whatever Peora has for sale. QUICK shipping, very careful packing. Thank you so much, Peora! <end>
 B000HX58AW  Radiant cut Smoky Quartz Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Radiant cut Smoky Quartz Pendant Sterling Silver  Radiant Cut Smoky Quartz Pendant Sterling SilverThe product was shipped timely and packaged very well. The quality is good. I am very happy with my purchase and the company has good quality jewelry. I only wished the pendant was a little larger. However i was able to buy a ring and this piece matched it perfectly along with earrings purchased separately too. <end>
 B000HX5A46  Heart Cut Garnet Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  My gf loved it!!  Beautiful necklace at an unbeatable price. I gave it to my gf for Valentines day and she absolutely loved it! <end>
 B000HX5AQY  Princess Cut Peridot Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very pretty and surprinsingly very sturdy  I love the unique design of the peridot pendant, it looks so delicate in the picture. Once I got it I realized that this is a very nice and sturdy piece. The peridots are clear and absolutely striking in appearance. <end>
 B000HX5B1S  Round Green Jade Bead Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Awsome Pendants!  These pendants from peora are super nice, a perfect size and nice weight. Exactly as pictured and don't make me itch! The gemstones are evenly matched and if they are dyed are not obviously dyed, and blotchy. Would definately recommend this seller! Make great earrings if you buy two!( Just add leverbacks or other finding) <end>  Beautiful!!  My daughter's name is Jade, and I have been looking for affordable, genuine jade jewelry for quite some time. I finally found it on Amazon! This necklace is more gorgeous than it looks in the picture, and it comes with a chain that won't break the first time you wear it!! It comes in an adorable gift box, and arrived BEFORE the estimated arrival date that Amazon gave me! I would definitely order from this seller again! <end>
 B000HX7ATO  Oval Cut Lapis Lazuli Pendant Oxidized Sterling Silver ||	  very nice, but......  Very nice pendant, but I wish it would have been larger. Hard to tell from the description and picture. Otherwise, a pretty pendant. <end>
 B000HX7BF2  Oval Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautifully Designed  I've ordered about 9 pieces of jewelry from this seller. Their jewelry is simply beautiful. The design is unique and really highlights this beautiful, very clear, swiss blue topaz stone. It has movement. Both the stone, and the polished setting really catches the light. It sparkles.It is so beautiful. The photo doesn't do it justice. Peora has really excellent quality stones...so clear, so well cut and of such good color. The craftsmanship in the setting is excellent. I know quality, I' use to sell fine jewelry, you cannot go wrong with this seller's blue topaz(swiss or london) or peridot. Every piece I've ordered is really excellent quality. It is just a matter of which design catches your eye, and Peora has a lot of unique and unusual designs to choose from. <end>  Unusual and lovely!!!  This necklace is a very unique piece of jewerly with a beautiful blue topaz stone. I love the way the bars next to the stone move so freely. Just like a little work of art, very lovely and a great everyday kind of necklace to wear anywhere. <end>  Pretty & unusual  I love this necklace. The unusual setting is what attracted me to it in the first place & I wasn't disappointed. It really shows up nicely, especially against a plain dark background. The stone is a very pretty blue - as shown in the picture. <end>
 B000HX7BGG  Heart Cut Garnet Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  garnet heart shaped pendant in silver  I ordered several items from this company and, when they arrived, I was generally very, very pleased. This heart-shaped garnet pendant was probably my least favorite item. Due to it's small size, I would say that it would be great for a special occasion for a young teen or older child. Biggest problem - the square frame of silver surrounding the garnet heart appeared to be bent. For this reason, I am considering returning it. On the other hand, the price I paid was only about $13.00. The silver chain appeared to be nice and sturdy, and the box it arrived in was adorable. I do have a 12-year-old neice who might love the pretty red stone and not even notice the bent frame. I'll have to think hard about this one!! <end>
 B000HX7BH0  Oval Cut Citrine Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Great Purchase  I have purchased many sterling silver items over the years. I have learned to detect when an item is cheaply made and when it is a quality item. I bought both the citrine, 1.5 carat oval pendant and peridot, 1.5 carat oval pendant from Peora. They are good quality. I love them! The bail is substantial, the stone is set securily in the setting, the cut and clarity of the stone is very good. If you want sterling jewelry which will last a lifetime, buy Peora! <end>  Very much worth the price  This is one of Peora's more expensive designs, but the size of the stone makes it worthwhile. This is very pretty (although there is a very similar one with a slightly more elegant and slender setting), and the stone shows up very well without being ostentatious. <end>
 B000HX80GG  Round Cut Citrine Three Stone Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful  My mom has received a lot of compliments on this piece. The citrines were a bit lighter and more attractive than the ones pictured. They show up very well in this setting. She also has this exact setting in London blue topaz, and that, actually, is stunning because (I think) topaz has more fire than the various quartzes such as citrine. <end>
 B000HX81TC  Trillion Cut London Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Nice pendant, strange chain  The pendant is cool with great design. But the chain's color is much lighter than the pendant's, which makes it a little weird when I put it on. <end>  Very nice piece  I just recieved mine and it's just as pretty as I expected. Nice sturdy chain. Well worth the money. <end>  Gorgeous Color  Gave this pendant to my assistant for Christmas. She raved about the color and unique design, and wears it often. I was just as pleased with the other Peora jewelry I purchased. <end>
 B000HX83N6  Princess Cut London Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  okay  The color is a rich blue, but the size was very small. I was quite disappointed. If you want a bolder piece, this is not for you. <end>
 B000HYKAYA  Ionic Jewelry Cleaner Round Counter Model 110 Volt ||	  Sparkling Jewelry...Safe for just about everything!  I absolutely love this little cleaner. It cleaned up my mom's old silver jewelry and a set of italian rope gold/mosaic glass earrings that my dad gave me over ten years ago. Made them look like new! Beautiful! I have cleaned pearls with no problem and it is safe for opals too! I love not having to take any of my good jewelry into the jeweler's anymore for a good cleaning. Well worth the $$$$! <end>  Great product!  This is a wonderful product! I make a lot of jewelry to sell. After being on display for some time it gets dull and tarnished. It is so quick and easy to safely restore with the IONIC JEWELRY CLEANER. I love it! <end>  The real deal  I had a hard time believing this thing would actually work. I thought "there has to be some sort of catch here" because this is pretty cheap as far as jewelry cleaners go and the technology isn't copied by too many. To me, all of this typically adds up to some sort of gimmick. This is just simply not true with this ionic cleaner. It really does do as good a job as is stated on plenty of websites and reviews. It cleans everything. And it does it very, very well and efficiently. This has been used to clean a lot of jewelry (cheap to very expensive and all types of metals and stones) and it does the job well every single time.The directions state to use only one cycle (30 seconds) or less to clean a lot of types of jewelry and it warns that going over this time limit could cause damage. I strongly disagree. I've put silver through 5-6 cycles (rinsing in between) just to test this and there were zero ill effects.All in all, this is a great product that does outstanding work and is not any type of gimmick whatsoever. It does an outstanding job and I'm really stumped as to why this product hasn't become more mainstream than it appears to be. That fact escapes me completely. It is much cheaper than professional sonic cleaners but does the same work and provides the same quality. Strange. In fact, if I had to wager a guess, I think there is about $20 in materials to build one of these. It's the type of reaction that does the job and this one is simple but effective. Sonic is more expensive because sonic waves are harder to create - and they are a mechanical job. The ionic cleaners have no mechanical parts - just the basic solution and an electrical current.Anyway, it's great. I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  ionic jewelry cleaner is SUPER  I purchased this item and was wowed. It really does a great job cleaning silver and gold - better than new. So far, I have cleaned practically everything I own because I am hooked. Really easy, quick and really sparkling results. I have cleaned the silver that was pretty tarnished - two cycles. No problems at all and you reuse the liquid many times so you will not have to spend a lot on jewelry cleaner. The cleaner mixes with water in the container. <end>  Fair at best  I was looking fir something to clean my wife's ring. The jewelry store recommended not using steam at home so I tried this. Not very impressed with it's ability to remove grease and dirt from the underside of the stone. <end>
 B000HYMQ0G  Sparex 10oz ||	  Needed supplies  I needed this for a couple of jewelry projects I was working on. It arrived on time. I am satisfied. <end>
 B000HZBFKM  Textured Black Leather Bifold Wallet by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Just what I was looking for.  Let me start off by saying that I've been looking for a wallet like this for about 7 years. My husband used to have a wallet that was barely long enough to fit a dollar bill in...no extra wiggle room on the ends. And that's what he wanted. I've been hitting and missing with other styles for a long time. And I had JUST ABOUT given up, when I decided to look one. more. time. Needless to say, I was so excited to have found this one!This wallet "fit the bill". You can just BARELY squeeze the dollar in. But that's what he wanted. There's not a ton of room for cards and stuff, but it's perfect if you don't like to pack around a bunch of extra stuff. It does have a clear window for your license. It's constructed of leather, but it's not a soft, nice-feeling leather. It should soften up after some use though. Maybe it'll last longer, being a stiffer leather. However, it's not stiff because it's thick or anything. It's a thin, plasticy-feeling leather. But it IS leather.Overall, I was glad to pay the pricetag for this wallet. My husband is going to make sure he likes it for a few weeks/months, and if he does, I'll be ordering more for backups because there is NO OTHER WALLET like this. And I've looked, and looked, and LOOKED for years with nothing even coming close. The only reason I gave it four stars is because feels like it could be made of higher-quality leather. <end>  Cheap quality  Tough synthetic leather of very bad quality. Looks very cheap. The only pro is that it fits for 100-euro banknote. And does not fit for US dollars at all! <end>
 B000HZBFL6  Rich Tan Brown Leather Bifold Wallet by Cuff-Daddy ||	  GREAT WALLET FOR THE MONEY  I got this 1 month ago and love it! But it does not have alot of atm card or credit card slots but does have an I.D. window. it is a cowhide type of leather and is very fuctional. It has no logos or special disigns on it. Overall this item gets a 4. <end>  bad lining  Nice wallet but the lining ripped after 2 days of use. The slots are good size for credit cards. They need to use thicker material for lining. <end>
 B000HZEPZE  Uruguay 10 Centesimal "Horse" Two Tone Coin Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Urugau Horse Coin w/ chain  Nice detail, about the size of a dime. Coated with ??? acrylic/plastic???? anyway- keeps it looking brand new. Great for the horse people in your life. Arrived fast, new in box. Two-tone so you can wear both white & yellow gold w/ it. <end>
 B000HZI13G  German 1 Mark "Eagle" Two Tone Coin Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  necklace  transaction was fast---the coin looks very nice--the chain was the right length--easy to order through Amazon.com---i would shop here again-- <end>  Beautiful!!  I bought this awhile ago, and it is really nice. It's a little smaller than a quarter though. <end>
 B000HZI15Y  Irish Penny "Harp" (1980) Two Tone Coin Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Not too happy with this product - sorry  I don't want to return this item; however, I was a little disappointed - the quality of the chain wasn't the best in my opinion. The chain was a little too large and not what I expected (even though it was supposedly copper or copper coated). The Irish penny was very lightweight. I think the item would have looked so much better on a nice silver chain ... a little more streamlined. I'm sorry to say, that I'm not happy with this product; however, it was given as a gift so I won't be returning it. <end>
 B000I0M302  Unique Purple & Black Swirl Enamel Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Beautiful  These were even better looking in person. Gave as a gift and they went over well. Plus, how fun in the company name? Cuff Daddy! <end>
 B000I0O38M  Black Acrylic Cufflinks silver-tone Frame by Cuff-Daddy ||	  The silver frame is hokey  But it still looks good from a distance. The silver frame looks like it ought to be jewel encrusted or something, but instead is just this rough-surfaced metal. <end>
 B000I0O3AK  Classic Silver Engravable Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Silver ciff links  The cufflinks are good quality and display well mine have scratched after several wearings so they may be a little soft do not letthis deter purchase they are nice links. <end>  nice  These are nice and heavy. they are exactly what I expected. I think they are priced well for what I received. <end>  quality and good service  I bought these cuff links for my husband and he really likes them. They are very well made and look great on. They arrived very quickly and were nicely packages in a lovely box. <end>  Perfect  These cufflinks are simple, clean and elegant, and are well made. They come in a snappy little silver presentation box that slips handily into a pocket. A great product, delivered very quickly. <end>
 B000I0O3CI  Classy 2-Tone Blue & Silver Catseye-style Cufflinks 2 by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Lovely colour and good quality  These cuff links are definitely worth every cent I paid for them. They are good quality and the colour is exactly as it is on the picture. They look really good with a white shirt. <end>
 B000I0O3PA  Versatile Nine Oval Silvertone Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Never Received the product at all - Hated it  I never received the product at all and this was quite irritating since I paid for it. when i call the vendor they say its been delivered to my address this is shoddy work..... <end>
 B000I0PFRA  2 Piece Royal Blue Catseye-style Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Nice for the Price - True to Color  Great, solid and substantial for the price. Nicely boxed and "true to color" as shown in the image ( a true royal blue). Though obviously not sterling, they are nice enough to give as a gift. The "jewel" may be hard plastic, but looks like it is genuine stone unless you really inspect it closely. The image does not reflect the sort of "cat's eye" sheen that the stones have, which actually add to the appearance of quality. My son loves them and wears them often. <end>  UNIQUE  IN MY SEARCH FOR WHATEVER I'M LOOKING FOR MY GOAL IS TO TRY AND FIND THINGS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.WHEATHER FOR MYSELF OR AS A GIFT.THESE CUFFLINKS FIT IN THAT CATOGORY VERY WELL.THANKS AMAZON <end>
 B000I0PGGU  Unique Silver Banded Blue Catseye-style Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Beautiful and Well Made  I purchased these for my very picky husband - they are just as beautiful in person as they appear to be online. They are also nicely made and, in my mind, a great deal for the price. <end>
 B000I0SZ3G  Elegant Rich Green Cufflinks in Beveled Silver Frame by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Nice  These are my first cufflinks, and they're great. The color is what I was looking for - photo is accurate. <end>
 B000I0SZLI  Riveting Blue Square Catseye-style Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Get Em!  Very pretty colors and an especially brilliant shade of blue. If you like to collect cufflinks as I do--get em! <end>
 B000I0SZN6  Stacked Two Piece Light Blue Fiber Optic Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Poor quality  The top of these cufflinks broke from the stem within 2 weeks of purchase (only 2nd time wearing). Not impressed. <end>  Incredible!!!  I can't believe that I bought these at the price that I did. I have a really nice French Cuff shirt (also purchased from Amazon) that came with cufflinks that I did not like. I bought these for a back-up and thy came out incredible. Off of a white French Cuff shirt, this set really sets the stage...And, the box is really nice, so, it would make for a nice gift )All the BestRL MilesChicagobookcloseouts@gmail.com <end>
 B000I0SZTU  Timeless Round Royal Blue Catseye-style Cufflinks Framed silver-Tone by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Great looking cufflinks.  Not worn them yet, but they look great. A nice shape, and color, and they will look great with a nice shirt and compliment it <end>  Classic  I recently purchased these cufflinks as a Christmas gift for my husband. Usually pictures seem to be deceiving and I didn't know I would like it upon arrival. I did like it and so did my picky husband. It's not too flashy, and appears slightly modern while maintaining a classic vibe. I hope he will use these cufflinks for a long time. <end>
 B000I0T06M  Versatile 2 Tone Knot Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Two Tone Cufflinks  These cufflinks may look very nice from the picture, but when I recieved them I was a bit disappointed. They feel really light in weight and cheap. Also, the "knot" is kind of pointless because it looks more like a round circle on top with an empty hole in the middle. If you just want to buy these to add to your collection, go ahead. But if this is a gift for a special someone, I would look for something else with far better quality. <end>
 B000I0XPN6  Sterling Silver Three Hearts Necklace ||	  Cute necklace..get what you pay for.  Of all of the items I have purchased from Eves Addition, this is my least favorite. I wasn't impressed with the quality, just kinda feels cheap.Its cute and was a nice price, but I would pay higher for a better quality. <end>
 B000I2E9VG  Sterling Silver Round Purple Jade Greek Key 1.5inch Long Dangle Pendant ||	  pendant  this is a lovely pendant; I have several nice silver chains so I like to buy my pendants to alternate, very happy with purchase <end>
 B000I3P52M  Pugster Rose Gold Fish Tanzanite Purple Swarovski Crystal Round Pendant Necklace For Women ||	  Goes great with Orange clothing  I wear a lot of orange, and this piece compliments many outfit. The picture is very representive of what I recieved. <end>
 B000I3P6B2  Pugster October Birthstone Rose Pink Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Flower Dazzle Brooches And Pins ||	  Terrific Buying Experience - Beautiful Pin!  When I purchased this pin, I truly did not expect to receive it until after Christmas. I planned on just tucking it away for next Christmas. Well, all I can say is Pugster was definitely in the Christmas spirit, and I had the pin arrive on th 23rd and was able to wear it for Christmas Eve Day to work. I got a ton of compliments on this exqusite pin and people asking where I got it.I have to say the colors are deep and rich and they sparkle and really catch the eye. I plan on ordering more holiday pins from this company not just for myself, but as gifts for those of my friends who liked this beautiful Christmas candle pin. <end>
 B000I3SFQA  Pugster Gray Fallen Leaf Brooches & Pins ||	  Sweet little frog  I bought this pin as a surprise for my sister who loves frogs. He is so cute and the colors are exactly as shown but better. If you like frogs, you'll love this pin. <end>
 B000I4A31O  Mens Black Twilight Blackened Satin Finish Titanium Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  beautiful ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band. He loved it and it is strong and so nice looking <end>  You are getting what you pay for.  It isn't terrible quality, but don't think you are getting and amazing ring. Works good for a back up or a cheap replacement. <end>  DO NOT BUY COMPLETE GARBAGE  Ok, so i bought this ring a while back and as soon as I got it was just not what i expected, the sides cut into your finger and the sizing is completly off the ring runs kinda big. That and wihin a week the finish had rubbed off. Please dont waste your money go with a tungsten carbide ring much much nicer. <end>  good if you don't work with your hands  I bought this for my husband to replace the wedding band he lost. The color is nice and it is a good, sturdy material. HOWEVER, hubby is a mechanic and even though takes it off while working, just having oil and dirt, etc on his hand has caused the color to start to fade, and the ring is taking on a tarnished look, as well as some scratches from him doing PT. <end>  Looks nice but scratches easily.  I bought this ring for my soon to be husband for his wedding band. He wanted something different like carbon fiber but he has very large fingers and most rings don't come on his size. The ring arrived and I was very pleased with the appearance however it did scratch fairly quickly, within a month. The scratches were small and not that noticeable. Nice enough for the money but you couldn't wear it every day. <end>  Very Cool  Very cool ring. I was concerned the inside edges would be sharp, but the entire ring is finished beautifully.My husband doesn't were it too much as the size seems to run small. He wears a 10.5-11, and this ring seems too tight some of the time.But he really likes it and keeps trying to wear it on other fingers. <end>  Twilight Blackened Satin Finish Titanium Wedding Band  This is an attractive, high-quality ring. Works as regular jewelry, as well as a wedding band. Order arrived in only a few days. <end>  beautiful men's ring  it was nicer than i expected. it is a men's ring and masculine but not overly. <end>  PERFECT  This is an amazing ring; I gave it to my boyfriend because we plan on spending our lives together and this was kind of a forever ring. He never had an all black ring and that is his favorite color. It was the best gift I could have given him. THANK YOU!!! <end>  Totally satisfied!  The ring is exactly what we hoped it would be in size, appearance, and quality. Fast shipping, too. Thanks. <end>  Bling 4 the king  Nice pc but ring is not the size it said it was but I like it. Works 4 me <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring is very beautiful. The picture doesn't do it justice. They turned out much better than my fiance and I expected. We wanted something somewhat "goth" looking and non-traditional and these were perfect. We love them!The only problem I have with the ring is that it scratches fairly easily. I got a scratch on it the first day I wore it and I wasn't even doing anything that would cause such a thing, so you do have to be careful with it because it does scratch up real easy.Otherwise, it's a gorgeous ring and we love them. <end>  Want Something DIFFERENT than Everyone Else???  I ordered this ring to wear on my "taken" finger [you know, the usual spot for a wedding ring], simply to show that I'm "spoken for" by my very serious GirlFriend, even though we'll probably never get "married" in the traditional, Xian sense [We are NOT Xians!]. I wanted something that didn't look like every other "wedding" band in the world, without being gawdy or overly-decorated. This ring is IT. I think almost any "married" man would like to be able to wear a black "wedding" ring. Fortunately, for me, my Girl is into it, too. The black metal looks Great and is VERY prominent & attention-grabbing, being against my whitey skin. And what man wouldn't enjoy telling his friends that his "wedding" ring is made of Titanium??? The ring is even darker black than the picture represents, AND shinier, too. It glistens in every light. It's absolutely Beautiful. It's refreshingly Unique. It's deliciously Sinister. The price is Right. Shipping was fast. I couldn't be more pleased with this ring. I'll wear it for the rest of my life! <end>  Picture looks better  When I purchased this ring I read the reviews.The picture looks better than when you actually see it for yourself.I have this ring for over 2months now and the black is coming off.I have not recieved any comments on my ring from anyone and to me it looks plastic.Now it looks plastic to me but its not.I would say for a woman noway and for a man,maybe.The main flaw is like I said the black finish is already coming off. <end>  black titanium ring  very durable and scratch resistant. does not fade or leave anything on your finger. can be engraved by someone who can engrave titanium. take off immediately if you injure your finger because if it swells cutting the ring off is supposedly very very difficult. only thing about the ring that is a negative is that its edges are not sharp but rough so washing hands or rubbing hand against face needs to be done carefully if ring is on. <end>  Nice ring  Everything I thought it would be. It's not a pure black...it's more of a gunmetal color. Edges are sharp, I've accidentally scraped paint of some things with it while working. It seems very durable and lightweight. I really like it. I'd buy it again if I lost it or it was stolen. <end>  Quality Ring  The ring came before the estimated time and looked just as the discripton made it out to look. It is very light weight and durable. The only trouble I came across with this purchase is that the chart they offer to judge what size to get is a little off. My ring was a size to big. I would recommend ordering this ring...but do not use the ring chart on the same site! <end>  &#34;Satin finish&#34; is terrible  The satin finish wore of after I wore it a few times. should of taken it off when I worked around the house. It got chipped up pretty bad, not very durable. <end>  Sturdy ring  Good sturdy ring but the black scratched off easily. Within months it was more of a dingy gray than black ring. <end>  Good Buy!  The ring came quickly and in great condition. It was also a fair price. <end>  Thanks  Ring came quickly and in great condition - brand new! It's beautiful - very nice! Thank you! <end>
 B000I5K6QA  Celtic Stoneware Good Luck Irish Shamrocks Piggy Bank ||	  Cute but very small!  I received this as a gift from my wish list. I collect coin banks and really like shamrocks--so this is a perfect gift for me--but it is too small to be used as a bank, nnless you only want to save a few dimes! It is cute! <end>  So dang small!  This bank was so small, include the shipping and I paid way too much..... <end>
 B000I5KL4C  Schylling - Pink Jewel Jewelry Box ||	  came broken  this box is beautiful, but it came broken. the spiing ballerina and music never worked. i made the company aware, and they said they were out of stock. that was a bummer because i wanted to give to my niece for easter. now i have a box. <end>  Pretty but not durable  The outer cover of the music box is glossy and very appealing, but the ballerina inside is not durable, and pieces of her fell off in a few months. The music plays nicely, though. Based on the overall quality of this item, the appropriate price range would be from $10-15, no more. <end>  Just what I was looking for!  This was just what I was looking for and my daughter loves it! It came within the promised time and looks nicer than the picture. <end>  Great quality and absolutely adorable!  This music box is absolutely beautiful - like everyone else has said, the picture doesn't do this attractive, iridescent box justice. It's pretty, durable, and my daughter absolutely loved receiving this for her birthday. It's the perfect nostalgic gift to pass along to your daughter so she can also be nostalgic about her music box and want to give one to her daughter one day. You don't see these everywhere like you used to. The ballerina is blonde. My daughter had no problem with this as she is blonde. The music is a lovely version of Swan Lake (my daughter shouted, "Harry Potter music!" when she opened it which made me laugh - Never realized how much Swan Lake does sound like Hedwig's Theme from Harry Potter).There isn't really a lot of room for a lot of jewelry inside, nor are there compartments, but it serves just well for the few necklaces I bought for her as a 'starter' jewelry box. It's lovely enough that you will want to give this as a keepsake item. It doesn't look or feel cheap like so many things today. I'm very pleasantly surprised and will think about giving this item again as a gift to other friends' little girls. Such a beautiful gift for such a wonderful price.You can't see the top of the box in the photo, but it's a gorgeous print of a ballerina leaping through the air. I can't imagine any little girl not loving this. <end>  Very pretty, solid so far, but high price for size  The jewelry box is very pretty, iridescent, the music plays nicely and the ballerina twirls fine. However, it is smaller than I thought, I should have looked at the sizing more closely, so when you open it, there is a small box opening to hold jewelry/trinkets. I thought it was a little pricey for the size. My 3 yr. old daughter likes it, however, she doesn't like the fact that the ballerina has blonde hair (she is a brunette), therefore she says it does not look like her. This is unlikely to be a problem for most people, but just in case it could be important, I thought I would include that little fact. <end>  Beautiful Music Box  I ordered this for my 3 year old daughter who loves ballerinas. I was more than delighted when this box arrived. The photo doesn't do it any justice. It's quite charming. <end>  Only So-So  Slightly disappointed in jewely box, I know I didn't pay alot for it, but I did read reviews before I purchased and they were pretty good, so I went ahead and purchased it. On receiving it, I feel it is not a good as I thought it would be, it is basically cardboard covered in pink foil with ballerinas on it,the ballerina inside is so-so, her face is a little askew, the music quality is good. I would recommend a different one. <end>  Cute and Simple  My granddaughter loved it and walked around with it all day.Pros  small and easily to be handled by a pre schoolerattractive designeasy to windCons  just a basic box with a pop up ballerinadon't know how it will stand up over time, as just made of simple materialsnot a quality box for good value for what it is <end>  music box...so so  this particular music box wasnt quality controlled because the shiny plastic covering was peeling off of the box itself. well i thought it was a protective plastic that u were supposed to peel off so i began to peel it and it was too late. that was supposed 2b permanent. so i finished removing it. i was angry !! if i knew it was a permanent plastic, i wouldve taken clear elmers glue and swabbed it and glued it back on neatly. now the box can be easily scratched. but the music part was good. and i made sure i HOT GLUED the insides that can be pulled out by little fingers. <end>  Super impressed with the company!  I ordered 2 of these, one for my daughter and one for my niece. Upon opening the box I was ecstatic! They were absolutely beautiful! However, when I opened them one wouldn't stay latched, the other wouldn't play music. Needless to say I had to return them. I called the company and they shipped out 2 new ones the NEXT DAY!!!! The service was excellent and these 2 work perfectly! I can't wait to give these to the 2 little princesses in my life! <end>  Great jewelry box!  Read the other reviews before purchasing this for my 5 yr old granddaughter for her birthday and I was not disappointed! It was beautiful and she absolutely loved it. She kept wanting to watch the twirling ballerina. I felt it was very good quality, especially for the money. The ballerina and music were great; the artwork on the front and top was beautiful - but most of all her eyes just lit up when she opened it. Priceless! <end>  Pink Jewel Jewelry Box  I don't think this is a good purchase as far as a toy in concerned. It is fragile but very pretty and my granddaughter loves it. It holds all her precious necklaces, etc. The music is delightful. <end>  Nice to look at...poor quality control  First, my daughter loved this item, but the build quality left much to be desired. If it weren't for the fact that she pleaded with me not to replace it, I would have sent this back to get a new one. Quality control is lacking - there was a defect in the finish (small piece of applique stuck to the front that I can't pull off/remove) and the top clasp came off (pressed into the lid with 'teeth') after a few days. <end>  a christmas gift hit for 5 year old niece  my niece loved this - i wish i had been there to see her reaction. she does ballet so i knew she would love it. <end>  Ballerina Jewelry Box  I purchased this for my youngest granddaughter. I had one of these with the ballerina when I was a child and thought she would love it, which she did. She continually opens the box to see the ballerina turn and the music play. I also purchased a necklace for her which she securely places in this jewelry box. This was a great choice. Shipping was quick and received it very quickly. Packaging was good and there were no problems with the shipping box or the jewelry box. <end>  Very nice-good so far  My 3 year old loved this for Christmas. It has a wind up on the back of the box that she can easily operate herself. Very simple and small ballerina. It seems like this box is like a hard cardboard or something similar. Not the greatest material, and it looks like they glued on the images on the box (like wallpapered it on-if that makes sense.) The hinges seem sturdy, but it is prone to tip over on uneven surface. Really needs a ribbon to connect the base to the lid for added balance and to ensure the hinges don't get busted. I'll add that myself. Overall I like it, I don't think it will hold up over time with the wallpaper like image and the quality of the box material. It serves my purpose. <end>  Top came off  I got this as a Christmas present for my niece. When I received it in the mail. I opened up the package and the whole topjust came off. It is the worst, cheapest looking jewerly box I have ever brought and I am sure to never buy from this seller again!!! <end>  perfect  My niece will die when she sees it. the detail is amazing and this will be perfect for her first jewelry box. <end>  Cheap, cheap, cheap  Simply put, this jewelry box is so cheaply made it's not even worth the low price. It's too bad, because the paper overlay is one of the prettiest I've seen out there, but I would caution anyone considering this to look elsewhere. I gave it to my 4 year old for her birthday and the ballerina broke within days. Also after a week or so of opening and closing the hinges on the back came loose and eventually disengaged from the box. Very disappointing. <end>  ok  held up ok to my 3 yr old, nothing lasts forever I guess. Cute little ballerina that will get lost in a matter of time. <end>  Best Gift Ever  This is possibly the best gift I have ever bought. I gave it to a four-year-old for her birthday in 2010. Two years later, it is just beginning to break. In other words, after two years of being the ultimate toy (carted around absolutely EVERYWHERE as the treasure chest for all of her favorite things) the ballerina still dances. The spring has been pulled, twanged, and mobbed at slumber parties, but this box has outlasted it all. It has been an easy fix whenever the kids have managed to go too far. I honestly thought that I was getting a cheap-enough-to-replace music box, but this has surpassed my highest hopes. I'm thrilled that I bought it!The pink on the box is very reflective, so expect to see something incredibly shiny.The girl I gave it to is blonde, and she was pleased that the ballerina is blonde as well. <end>  Excellent for little girls  I have been buying these for birthday presents for my daughter's 1st grade friends. I bought her one for Xmas too. It has become her signature gift and is adored and classmates (girls) look forward to inviting her to their birthdays. It is of good quality, endures the affectionate attention of 7 y.o. And is packaged nicely. I would not keep buying them, about 1 dozen to date, otherwise. <end>  Jewelry box  This box was so much more beautiful than the pictures of it. my daughter loved watching the ballerina twirling. This is a great small jewelry box for a little girl <end>  Not so durable, but worth it  If you're looking for quality, then don't buy this! The box is just covered in glued on foil paper. However, it is a beautiful box and my daughter LOVES it so much that I'm glad I bought it. The storage space for her jewelry is pretty good too. <end>  Nice jewelry box  My daighter loves it and recognized the song from her barbie movie.Similar ones are sold for about the same price in Kmart, however... <end>  gorgeous little box  This box is VERY pretty! It is much more prettier in person then the picture....a subtle, shiny pink. The music sounds great and the ballerina was in good working condition. My daughter (5 yrs old) absolutely LOVES the box and keeps opening and closing it. Honestly, this was a GREAT deal....good quality box for the price you are paying. It also brings back so many memories of my own musical jewellery box as a child...every little girl will love it!!! <end>  Gorgeous  I'm not sure how to adequately describe the color of the mural on the sides and the top. I'd say a watercolor-like mixture of bronze, purple, and a pink. It's very pretty. The ballerina on the outside is a brunette (looks like early 20s) so that's a nice change. The twirling one inside is blond like in the other models.I like the music it plays, and it is very lightweight.The only problems I noticed were slight rippling of the (adhesive'd) cover and tiny dents when I got it. I'm not sure if this is common. My niece probably won't notice it. <end>  Good  This jewelry box made a great Christmas present for my 4 year old. She enjoys it very much. She wanted a dancing ballerina jewelry box badly and was thrilled to get one. I just wish the box was bigger and more durable. <end>  Jewelry Box for a Princess  My 5 year old daughter loves her jewelry box. She likes to wind it up and listen to the music. It was exactly what she was looking for. It seems to be sturdy, and is holding up good for all the places she has taken it. <end>  Jewerly Box  I ordered this jewerly box after reading reviews for it. I wanted to buy a jewerly box that my daughter would love as she got older (she is only two months but hey,I'm excited!) It shipped fast and came in perfect condition. When it arrived I loved it! The colors are beautiful and the jewerly box itself is very detailed. I would recommend this to anyone. One thing I thought odd was the dancer on the box has brown hair but the plastic dancer inside has blond hair...still lovedSchylling - Pink Jewel Jewelry Box [Toy] [Toy] [Toy] [Toy] it though. I looked EVERYWHERE for a nice jewerly box and I found it! Hope this review helps.  ) <end>  My daughter LOVES THIS  My daughter is 6 years old and she never had a music box.I purchased this for her and she adores this. Tiny Dancer inside the box She does pop off though if someone pulls her * I have a 4 yr old * She *The ballerina* Does Click back into place the box is a really beautiful box for a nice price. The music is really loud and it has a nice swan lake tune.Almost scarey movie like lolIf you put this box into youtube search engine im sure you will see it there if not the swan lake song itself. I would deff BUY this again. <end>  nicely done  A welcome change from a childish box. Will still be used and appreciated as child gets older. Child loved it. <end>  It was perfect.  My granddaughter loved it. She's 8. I picked this rating because no other thing could have been better. She played the music all morning. <end>
 B000I6IMVK  Cloisonne Enameled Black and Red Beaded Adjustable Choker Necklace ||	  Wife loves it!  I was hoping to get another one, as my wife really loved it (before my one year old ripped it off her neck). Oh well. <end>
 B000I6K75Y  Sosi B Midnight Blue Quartz & Leaf Cascade Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings  These earrings are pretty much as pictured. Beautiful color, simple, elegant design & not too long. Very pretty & unique addition to my earring collection. <end>
 B000I6L4Z6  Men's Titanium 6mm Box Link Bracelet, 8.5" ||	  Beautifil, very masculine.  I love it. It is very masculine. I will recommend it to everyone. Great choice. <end>  6mm Box Link Bracelet, 8.5"  I purchased this from the gold box deals, lower than normal price. Its strong, as titanium should be. The only draw back is it will easily pull hair, so be careful. <end>  Not as big as I thought  I thought it was big.the close up of the image makes it big.its ok though. nice design. its just not that thick. <end>  Disappointing...  The bracelet arrived quickly and was as described except its color was dull, unshiny and not particularly appealing. I was disappointed in its lack of brightness compared to the photo in the description and returned it immediately. <end>  Great deal  I did buy this during a lightening deal, so I paid less than the stated price, but this is a very nice bracelet. Very masculine, and my husband loves it. One reviewer mentions that is was made for a child. Not true. My husband, who is 6'2" and very fit build had to actually take three links out to fit nicely on his wrist. The color is darker than in the picture, that is all I would say. Looks expensive and is a steely gray. I would buy it again. <end>  Not as it appears  I agree with the previous reviewer that this bracelet is neither masculine looking nor 8 1/2 inches in length. It might be acceptable to give to a young teen, but I would hesitate if considering it for an adult. It doesn't have a particularly substantial look or feel to it and it comes closer to appearing feminine. <end>  understated  I wanted a simple and understated men's bracelet and am very happy with this one. It is exactly 8 1/2 inches long and 1/4 inch wide. The links are very highly polished but, since titanium is naturally a dark gray metal, the bracelet appears dark in some lighting conditions <end>  For skinny wrists only!!!  From the picture and another review, I expected this to be a nice bracelet. First it is not 8 1/2". If you stretched it to its breaking point, it might be 8 1/4" from the tip of the chain to the end of the clasp. The chain itself is less than 8".It might fit nicely on a child's wrist, but on a grown male, it will probably cut off your circulation. The links might be 6mm long, but I doubt they are much more than 2mm wide. When you open the box, you'll be surprised how small this is, especially if you paid $85 for it (or even $60 in a Gold Box deal).I've always been wary of jewelry from Amazon, but this was an absolute disappointment. I'm surprised that anyone could call this tiny chain 'masculine' looking. <end>
 B000I7KC9O  GL4778,Everlasting Love - Our 25th Wedding Anniversary Frame - Silver Anniversary ||	  Beautiful Frame  This frame is a beautiful gift for a 25th anniversary. It is ceramic and very well made. <end>
 B000I7QHB6  Sterling Silver Two Tone Heart Necklace with Toggle Clasp with Chain ||	  They should have removed the price tag!  The necklace itself is lovely. It is delicate. I would have been much more pleased except for one thing. My cost was $18.99 plus shipping. It arrived in a tiny baggie with the price of $8.50. That is one super make-up! They could have at least taken off the price tag before they mailed it, and I might not feel like such a sucker! <end>
 B000I7ZNS4  Storage and Organization Jewellery Organizer with Aluminium Hanger ||	  Wife Loves It  We saw this one day when my wife was trying to organize all of her jewelry and other "stuff" she had accumulated over the years. She tried it out and absolutely loves it. She can now see everything she has and find what she wants in seconds.A big time saver with no clutter. <end>
 B000I82WIC  Jewelry Stax 5 Compartment, Midnight Blue ||	  Does the job!  This jewelry organizer does the trick and it is a good price. It is not cheap looking when it arrives and I have had no problems with this one or similar items from Neatnix. <end>  very satisfied  Arrived just as expected, very useful. I was concerned about whether there were lids with them (product description didn't say, and I noticed that lids were available for sale separately). Happily, each unit comes with a dust cover, which serves my needs perfectly. <end>  EXCELLENT PRODUCT & ALL PIECE USEABLE EVEN THE PACKAGING  I Purchased several of the 5 & 3 compartment stax. I had recently purchased a nice jewelry armoire and needed to organize all my jewelry inside. When you get these, keep everyting! Do not throw anything away (well except the paper label stuff). I thought I was just purchasing the velveteen covered organizer trays but they each come in a clear heavy duty plastic tray with a thick piece of plastic that can be used as a cover. (Keep all of these as they will come in handy). So I ended up with way more than I bargained for. If you try to stack the trays on top of each other they will stick together as they fit right over each other. put your stuff in one tray they put the plastic "cover" on top and then put the next tray on. It won't get stuck on the bottom tray. You can also put the top tray in the plastic tray and this will keep the trays from sticking together. I was very happy with these. I have a ton of jewelry and I needed a lot of trays that I could stack one top each other. They aren't cheap but I've looked around and if you can grab these on sale it's about the best price I've seen anywhere online. Keep the tarnish sacks too and throw in the back of each drawer to help with any moisture. <end>
 B000I82WNW  Acrylic Plastic Foldable Earring Screens ||	  Great little gizmo  Keeps my earrings sorted and easily available. This screen has a pretty substantial capacity but I'm sure I'll get another one eventually. <end>  Fabulous!  No more digging for the perfect pair of earrings! This holds all of my earrings, makes it easy to get to them and it is quite attractive! I love this holder! It arrived the day after I ordered it--what service!!! Thank you! <end>  Elena  Asolutely love it! From my ~60 pairs of earrings I did not figure out how to use it only with 2 pairs (not a big deal) and still have space for more. <end>  Space saving  This is great for all the earrings you collect. It can be folded together with earring on it to take up less space. It really holds alot of earrings if yours are small, Mine are larger so it doesn't hold as many but it has been wonderful to have and makes grabbing earrings on the run much easier. <end>  Clear Earring Stand  This item met my expectations and helps keep my earrings off the bathroom counter and neatly displayed so I can choose the right pair each morning. It was delivered safely and promptly. <end>  I Love My Folding Earring Screen  I was very pleased with this order. It arrived quickly and in great condition. I would use the vendor again.Folding Earring Screen (Clear) (10-5/8"H x 17"W) <end>  my savior  I love it, it's a great organizer, even though some of my earings wont fit, but i got it cover, i found a way to make them fit jajaja. and this organizer looks very nice in my beadromm. <end>  Earring Holder  Love this earring tree. Holds a lot of earrings, all kinds and I can fold it and fit it into a shoe box if I want to put it away out of sight. <end>  My good friend gave it rave reviews and now she owns it!  I originally purchased this folding screen earring holder for myself. However, one of my best friends saw it and raved about it so that I gave it to her. She loves it and her collection of earrings looks great as the folding screen does hold lots of earrings! <end>  earring tree  Sometimes it is difficult to get in the hanging type earrings without stretching open their backs, thus weakening their metal. <end>  Plastic Foldable Earring Case  This is a helpful device for someone who too many earrings for a jewelry box. It helps me organize my earrings by color and size. I love the fact I can fold it and put it away also. It has just a couple of minor draw backs; some earring sets don't fit on it such as 'certain' size loop earrings, and you need the post earring 'backs' to hold the posts on which is obvious, but I was missing a few. I bought 2 of these cases and am happy I did. <end>  Decent.. but cheap.  This does what you need it to do. It holds your earrings. Unfortunately, I expected higher quality. Once I removed it from the box, it was already making this creaking noise as if it would literally fall apart in my hands. I new immediately that I had to be very delicate in handling this. I also do not like how close the holes are to each other. Ideal for studs, but for big nice earrings, they will take up space quickly. Overall, it gets the job done, but it probably won't last very long. <end>  Good-looking, clear and organized  It is good looking, and keeps my earrings organized. Very nice, I am satisfied with the purchase so far for this price. <end>  Jewelry holder  This is nice. The holes are a bit close so if your earrings are large you will be using space for two. That said, it stands up well and doesn't tip over easily. I'm glad i bought it. <end>  Earring Holder  It is nice to be able to see all of my earrings at once. Easy to use and folds up to be out of the way. <end>  I love it!!!  Ok so I have been trying to organize all my jewelry for years, without it being hidden in drawers or difficult to get to hook thigs... So after a little uncertainty I ordered this and just loved it. It holds everything from small push back earings to large hoops and dangly ones too. It is stable and folds up to minimize space. I def suggest anyone trying to get organized with a budget get this <end>  Perfect Organizer  I am very pleased with this purchase. Easy to use and holds all of my earrings so that I can see them to pick which to wear. I used to keep them in a jewelry box and could never find the ones I wanted. Easy to hand earrings on...love this! <end>  finally organized my earrings  )  My earrings were a tangled mess in my jewelry drawer until I came across this perfect earring organizer. It's so easy to use and folds to take up less space, but then unfolds and displays everything so you can pick out a nice pair to go with your outfit. I thought I would need 2 of these for all my earrings, but they have all fit perfectly on just one. So either I need more earrings..lol.. or I can give the other one as a gift. <end>  I'm satisfied  Overall, satisfied with the product. I've been needs an organizer like this for some time. Don't expect to fit all earrings in each hole, b/c if you have large earrings it's overlap. Overall, I'm satisfied, since there are a lot of holes <end>  Great product!!!!!  I got this product because I needed more space for my earrings without buying a jewelry set, and I heard how they have these type of earring cases. I got these one and I love it!! it bends so you can fit it anywhere and it's great for dislay, am so glad I got this product. <end>  I love it!  It's great to have my earrings in view. They look so nice, it's almost pretty and I have more than I thought because they are all there. <end>  A Worthwhile Purchase  This earring holder does a super job helping to organize and display my earrings. It does not take up much room, and even looks rather decorative with all the shiny earrings dangling on it! <end>  This is a great way to organize  I love this product. I have a lot of earrings and I have tried many different things over time like putting them in small clear plastic bags and keeping them in a box. The other box organizers are great for a few earrings but make it hard if you have many earrings. This looks nice and I can always find the color and style I want. If you have over 25-30 earrings this is a good buy. <end>  Great item  This item is pretty much as it seems - solid clear plastic stand with lots of little holes for earrings. It really holds a lot and has simplified my earring selection process greatly. I had my earrings before in a standard jewelry box, but they kept getting tangled, tarnished, and broken. This has totally solved that problem. The only challenge now? Making sure to hang them back on the screen after you take them off. <end>  Not what I expected  I bought this item because my friend has over 50 pairs of earrings so I figured it would be a nice gift but when I opened it, it wasn't what I expected. Some of the holes are not drilled all the way through, so you can't put earrings in them, and the object overall is not in good shape. It's ok as a cheap gift, but it's nothing great. <end>  Cheap plastic material and had a weird religious insert when it arrived...  Pros  This earring rack holds a LOT of pairs of earrings, unlike some that only hold maybe 15 or 20!Cons  Very cheap transparent hard plastic material that cracks when it's touched. Also, this beast has a propensity to fall over, which can create a mess of earrings that takes awhile to set back up.It also came with a very strange religious insert when it arrived that really kind of freaked me out (and what religion has to do with earring racks, I don't know). I thought this was quite inappropriate--and even offensive--and it turned me off from ordering from this company again. <end>  Just perfect!  I have been looking for an earring organizer and when I saw this one, I knew it was what I was looking for! Now my earrings are visible and not jumbled up in a drawer! I love it and am just sorry I didn't find it years ago! <end>  Gift for a friend  Great for holding all kinds of earrings. I really love it. really good for displaying some of your costume earrings. <end>  Broke immediately  The product itself is great. Held lots of different sizes, stored nicely. Unfortunately, however, the hinge broke immediately which I didn't realize until AFTER I hung up all of my jewelry. When I packaged the return, I noticed another crack in the acrylic. The package went from the mail immediately to my soft couch so it wasn't from mishandling. I am torn, I would love to get this product again but I don't want a product that I need to treat like delicate glass. <end>  poorly designed for earrings on a U-hook  I really like the way this organizer looks and the number of earrings it should hold, but it turned out to be a major disappointment. It is fine if your earrings are on posts, but if you have many which are on the u-shaped hook, they are very difficult to mount on the display. Between the small hole and the distance between the hole and the outside edge of the acrylic the U hook on many of my earrings could not be threaded through the hole. I ended up re-drilling some of the holes and enlarging them, which helps, but the screen is poorly designed. <end>  So so  This is a great product. However after using it for a while I would only recommend it for those with few earrings; or for young girls. The hole spacing for the earrings are just too close to each other so if you have any feather earrings or big earrings it is recommended you skip every hole when putting your earrings on them. <end>  Its a great concept  Its a great concept. It keeps your earrings organized and visible. I never used the little holes for the studs, its too cumbersome and they stay in place in the the little slots so never really needed to. I have some very long earrings and they overlapped a little but I guess thats ok, it kept things compacted.The only thing is that I wish it was made out of a more durable material, it lasted a couple of years before it broke, mainly because its just meant to sit there. The little plastic hinges eventually just broke off and it was also easy to knock it down and there I went gathering my earrings together. Its cheap and can be easily replaced so I guess its no big deal but I wouldn't mind paying more for a nicer more upgraded version of this. Maybe something like this that you can hang up with some doors to keep your items protected from the air to reduce tarnishing. <end>  look so clear  love it~ and look so clear ,I have a lot of earring, this earring screens made my earrings more orderliness. <end>  Earrings  I love earrings thats the only piece of jewlery I cant leave the house without. I had been looking for an earring tree for a while that would fit all my earrings and this is it. <end>  lightweight  This is functional and you can figure out ways to hang all your earrings. Even bigger hoops can fit by just leaving them open and hanging the hoops on the &#34;steps&#34;. I needed lots of storage and this works. Be careful where you stand it because it will tip easily but all in all a good value. <end>  Works  Works ok, but really not my favorite. I wear glasses sometimes and really have to have them on to be able to see where you are lacing earrings on this unit. It's ok, works <end>  I love it!  I did not find it hard to put all of my earrings on this. I have lots of loops and wires and they all fit. There was only one pair but I opened the back and placed it on the top part and it worked perfectly. I bought the clear necklace hanger also and it matches witht this. I would buy it again and again. I am seriously thinking about Christmas presents <end>  Good rack for post earrings  One piece of plastic broke off right away. But I am using them by 2's, not all 4 open. What is nice is that you can fold up and stick in jewlery box. Just have to be careful when opening it up, if earring gets tangled with another, it will come off the rack. I use them as 2 seperate racks with certain earrings on ea, not all mixed together. I have Sweet Romance Jewlrey and I put all the earrings on one and use the other for non matching sets (with necklaces). <end>  Best Earring Tree I've Ever Had!  I bought one, and was amazed at how many pair of earrings it held, how easy it was to get them off of the panel, and how good it looked (I could see every pair of earrings I had with be glance). I liked it so much,I bought another one. <end>  Loving my earring organizer!  I like that it's clear and folds up. It holds many earrings, then folds closed on hinges to save space. It is unobtrusive on my dresser, yet handy and easy to see all of my earrings. It is sturdy.I ordered 2, but one had a broken hinge. I returned it but I'm still waiting on my refund.(???)I highly recommend this product. <end>  FInally organized!  My earrings are finally all organized and neat. I had two pairs of hoops that would not fit, but the rest do and it's a great product! <end>  acrylic foldable earring screen  Received the foldable earring screen in a record time and am very pleased with purchase. <end>  earring stand  I make earrings and needed a stand to display them. i found this one and ordered it, it has been great! i am very satisfied with it. it came in perfect working order. i love it, it works great for displaying all my earrings. <end>  Absolutely fantastic!  I am thrilled with the Folding Earring Screen. It looks very good on my dresser, and it holds all of my earrings. <end>  fine as is  hung on wall works fine...shows the jewelry thirteen, twelve, eleven, ten nine eight seven six five four three two one <end>  This earring holder is terrible  I found it so frustrating that this product arrived broken! Evidently others have had the same experience with this product. It was cracked throughout and the hinges did not even work. My husband suggested it might still be usable, but then I showed him how sharp the cracked areas are...not safe in the least. Perhaps it's no coincidence that this item gets less expensive every time I go to the page where it is sold on Amazon. It's horribly made. I paid $15 and now it's being sold for $12. It started around $30. I think they should pay you to use such a bad product. <end>  Reemplazo de producto  El producto llego da&ntilde;ado, el vendedor se puso en contacto conmigo y me reenviaron uno nuevo sin costo en unos dias.Voy a volver a comprar aqui.Los recomiendo. <end>  Broken and Disappointed  The earring rack was so poorly packaged that it was broken into several pieces by the time it arrived. I then had to pay the shipping charges to return the broken item. My choices then were to either  1) ask for a replacement item and hope it also wasn't broken, or 2) eat the cost of the shipping (x 2, as I had to pay the original shipping and then pay to return it). I chose #2 as I was sure a replacement was very likely to also be broken. Since I was paying for the shipping costs, there doesn't seem to be much motivation for the company to improve their packaging. <end>  Earing set  hi my name it torta, i still haven't gotten my package ands its been a long time and i would really like to have it. <end>  broken  The earring rack was very poorly packaged, and it arrived broken into several pieces. Not worth the time and money to send it back, so I just threw it away and wrote it off. <end>  the middle rows work fine; top and bottom not as useful  First, the best part is being able to clearly see all the earrings at a glance and choose which color/style I want to wear. Because they are so visible, I don't forget about any pairs of earrings like I used to when they were in a box. It does have some shortcomings, however. The majority of my earrings are French hook style. I couldn't put those through the holes in the top row, but in the middle 3 rows there are grooves that make it easy to hold the earrings. The bottom row has the same grooves, but they are so close to the bottom of the earring screen that the earrings extend too far. I had no problem using the top row for post earrings, but I don't have that many of them. I don't wear hoops so I can't address the comments that others have made on this subject. <end>  Good  Now I can build a collection and not have to dig through my old jewelry box to find what I'm looking for. Good value for the price. <end>  Excellent!  Very happy with my folding earring screen. not only does it hold many earrings it looks great and folds up into a small space. <end>  no large earrings and no tiny earrings  It is good for cheap jewelry next to the bathroom sink (I would never put expensive jewlry next to a drain). That is my idea for it. <end>  Nice idea!  I had three small earring holders and it took up too much space. This one is great. Holds all my earrings and folds up into a small area. <end>  Happy customer  Very happy with my recent purchase of the Acylic Earring holder. It met all my needs. Had my earrings in a container for quite a while. Got tired of digging through it everytime I was looking for a particular pair. Now my earrings are beautifully displayed and I can get to them easier. Ina Pillar. <end>  Excellent Organizer  The simple design of this item makes for quite a show of my earrings. All of them are now at my fingertips and I no longer have to sort through four jewelry cases to look for earrings to match my outfit. The clear acrylic makes it look very modern and clean. This would make a wonderful gift! <end>  Portable Earring Display  Finally found what my girlfriend needed to safely transport her earrings, but we had to make the existing holes bigger and add some more holes on different locations to make it fully functionable for all different styles/shapes of earrings.Otherwise a genius way of storing and transporting earrings. <end>  Good Purchase  This item was exactly what I expected. The item came within a week or so. All aspects of this purchase were satisfactory. <end>  kh  I really like being able to see all of my jewelry at the same time. The screen seems sturdy enough. Only conplaint is that your can't really put small hoops in the straight holes, and the hoops are too small to hook around the projected spaces for hoops. <end>  Great way to hang earrings  I bought my first foldable earring screen for my daughter. I have just received two more of the Acrylic Earring screens. I love them. I put my stud earrings on the very top and bottom rows. I hang my earrings with French hook ending in the small grooves not the holes. All my earrings fit perfectly on the screen and I can see which one I want at a glance. I tried to organize my earrings by color and it helps me find the perfect earring. I would recommend this erring organizer to anyone. <end>  my wife loved these  my wife was looking for a certain kind of holder. One like the one she already had. After checking several department & jewelry stores I sugggested that we try Amazon. Sure enough, there was a holder just like the one she already had. After reading the reviews & the comments about the bottom tier being basically useless, we decided to get two. Problem solved! She loves them & they are even prettier than her old one. Good work Amazon, you're the best! <end>  Useful with a clean look  I have earrings that I never wear because I just don't think of them. They get lost in the jumble of my little jewelry box. This organizer is great because you can see at a glance what you have, and the focus is on the earrings, not the organizer itself. I'm loving it so far, and wearing all that stuff I had forgotten.Don't get the idea that you can use every single slot or hole. They are quite close together and it's not practical to crowd everything together. Also, there are slots which are upside down due to the reversible design. This isn't a problem exactly, just a note not to get too excited about the stated capacity. This is why I gave the product a 4 instead of a 5. <end>  Great earring holder!!!  This is the 2nd one that I've bought now. They are extremely great value for the price!! Holds lots of earring. Doesn't take up much space. <end>  Most excellent  I have two of these now. They provide the best earring storage I have found so far. I wouldn't count on being able to fold it at all if you have large earrings (like me). I've had them for 6 months and they haven't failed me yet  ) <end>  Acrylic Plastic Earring Holder  I like my new display for my earrings. Now I don't have to hunt for a particular pair for twenty minutes or more. I do wish the holes were bigger and lower, and it was more sturdy, as it falls over easily. And I can't find anything better for what I want. <end>  It is pretty big and looks very ugly  I really don't recommend this product - it is quite bulky, so not really useful for travelling, big, and not very attractive (looks very cheap), and does not seem very strong. I gave it away as soon as I received it, and ordered a normal one with less hole but which looks much better. I would advise not to buy this. <end>  Wonderful Organizer  I bought this because I found myself wearing the same 10 pairs of earrings and I was tired of it. I had no idea I had almost 100 pairs of earrings and when I found this organizer I knew that it would work for me. I spent quite a while organizing all of my earrings in some kind of pattern to make it easier to find them but frankly because I leave the stand on display on my vanity I can quickly find what I am looking for especially if I'm trying to match a necklace. The organizer also folds completely with my earrings on it if at some point I decide to put it in a drawer. I look forward to using this for many years to come. <end>  Earring Holder  Love this...holds alot of earrings and makes for a great gift...I have already gifted two of these, everyone that sees this at my house wants one. <end>  Very handy  I purchased this screen to replace a smaller acrylic earring holder I'd had for many years. Other than the shape (the old one was a butterfly, this one's a "boring" rectangle  -) this one is superior. It holds about twice as many earrings, and can hold post-style, french hook and loop earrings. It's big enough that I use it for my most-used necklaces as well. <end>  Very Practical  I love this acrylic earring holder. It is very practical and convenient. Allows me to easily store my earrings and find them at a glance without having to go through multiple drawers of a jewelry box. I had two of them for several years and have now expanded to 4. Because they fold up so easily, i am able to keep them side-by-side on my dresser with minimal use of space, opening them only when I am removing or replacing earrings.Acrylic Plastic Foldable Earring Screens <end>  Great Product  The product worked for what I needed it for. It's excellent for studs and works fairly well for hooks. I would not use it for the rings and really little hooks are hard to get on but it was worth my money. It creates a great way to organize earrings and is very convenient for moving around to different rooms <end>  earring holder  Pros  Great for display and easy to find earrings you wantCons  Easy for thiefs to steal all your earrings at once <end>  EARRINGS AT A GLANCE  I was pleased with how quickly the screen arrived. It fits perfectly on the shelf in my linen closet that I have designated for my jewelery. Now I can see my earrings and I don't just put a pair in and wear them for weeks on end. It makes it so much easier and now I know what I have instead of waisting time hunting for what I think I have!!!! <end>  Great way to organize & view your earring collection  While I can't display it on my dresser (because my cat now owns that space), I can fold the screen in half and lay it down in a dresser drawer. Not so good with small, bulky hoops (or half-hoops that have normal backs) or the backs that are as long as the front (sorry for my lack of technical jargon). However, if you plan it out, you can fit almost any earring on this screen. I'm very happy with my purchase and it arrived right on time. <end>  Very useful  Very useful for storage and display of earrings. I bought another one and may buy yet another. Earrings are easily attached to the rack and look very lovely when displayed. <end>  Great organizer  Love this as a way to organize all my earrings. Perfect for organizing and making it look nice and easy to find. <end>  Acrylic Plastic Foldable Earring Screen  Great product, excellent way to organize and view your earring collection, convenient, easy to use, handy, very well made item <end>  earing screen.  Not thrilled. have to put the earrings on several times. They fall off too easily. I Would not purchase again. <end>  Most perfect earring organizer  This is the best and prefectly designed ear ring organizer I ever had. I ordered this after reading the reviews on amazon and I am glad I did.It works very well for me and looks very stylish on my dresser table. <end>  Wonderful product!!  I was thrilled when this came in the mail! I have been late to work before trying to find a match for an earring in what used to be my disorganized cluster of earrings in a box. And I also would forget that I even owned certain pairs of earrings. It was so much fun to dump them all out onto a table and arrange them onto this product. I think the organizer works very well for all kinds of earrings for pierced ears, regardless of the type of hook or clasp. (I do not own any clip earrings so I am unable to give feedback on how it would work with those.) The organizer folds together upright to save space without crushing any earrings. It is light weight yet sturdy enough to hold lots of earrings without toppling over. When it folds out, you can see every pair of earrings you own! Although the organizer itself is attractive, it is colorless so that your eye is drawn to your earrings rather than the product. My husband was very impressed with the clever design and commented on how pretty it looks on my dresser. I told him this was the best 20 bucks (price I paid with shipping) I had spent on something for myself in a while! I highly recommend this product. <end>  Best Earring Holder Ever Invented  This earring holder has greatly organized my life. I used to use drawstring bags for my earrings which worked for a while. As my collection grew, the drawstring bags didn't cut it anymore. The folding holder fits around 180 pairs of pierced earrings and is easy to fold up and carry without dropping any earrings off. It does not work well for holding post type earrings if you use the small metal type clasps on the back. But if you get those ones with the plastic ring, it works fine and the plastic ring type also helps flabby earlobes hold the posts better  -) <end>  best way to store earrings  Before I got this earring stand, I had to sift through my earring box, looking for the ones I wanted to wear, and their mates. Now they are all visible at once. Having them all hanging in plain sight has made it easy for me to keep them organized, too. I can keep similar pairs together in the same row. When I take them off, it's just as easy to hang them back up as toss them on the dresser. I had so many earrings that I filled the whole rack up as soon as I got it. The only thing that keeps me from giving it five stars is that it looks like the display in a store. It's just not very attractive. But I'd never go back to rooting through the box I used to keep them in. <end>  Most earrings don't fit on this screen  This is the most ridiculous earring holder on the market. I bought a two-screen holder many years ago and love it, but I've since acquired many more pairs of earrings and need more storage space. I looked on the internet and in stores for months before buying this product. But what a disappointment! The bottom set of holes on each row is too high to accommodate any earrings except posts. Notice in the photo that even the earrings shown don't seem to fit right.So just when I was about to toss the thing, my engineer husband asked what would be needed to make the product work best. I said that the holes needed to be placed on the lower edge of the row so all earring could dangle. So he drilled new holes! Now the product is perfect.If you don't have a drill or a handy friend, don't buy this poorly designed product. Keep looking. <end>  Nice Organizer  This is a nice organizer, but less than perfect. It holds a lot of earrings, but there are some that just don't work on it, like small hoops and large hoops. It would be better if the holes were lower, and I read a review somewhere else where someone drilled extra holes in racks at the bottom so that the earrings would hang. That seems like it would work, so trying to convince my husband to do this.  -) But all in all, I like it... most of my earring are now visible and easily accessible. <end>  Not as sturdy as it looks  I bought this for my wife who wasn't sure at first but then decided she loved it. It did hold all the earrings, and looked good on the dresser, but an unfortunate fall from the dresser top to a carpeted floor resulted in the thing's demise. I think all the hinges broke, rendering it unusable. The concept is good, but the durability is questionable. <end>  Pretty useful if you have nothing but dangles and posts....Otherwise  It has no storage for the kind of hoops that close with a catch on the wire. The holes for the posts are kind of small. I still have about 10 pairs of earrings I can't put on the screen. <end>  Earring Organizer  The Earring Organizer is great--just what I needed for all the earrings that I have. It saves space and displays my earrings in a great way. I don't have to search for the pair I am looking for at any given time. The organizer is especially great for post earrings; however it is a little difficult to get others through the display holes. The organizer will not hold earrings over 1 1/2 inches long or in diameter.Overall, it is a great product and I am satisfied. It looks great on my shelving unit. I am contemplating purchasing the necklace holder and bracelet holder that compliments the earring organizer. <end>  Too flimsy and lightweight..  I was very disappointed by this item. Yes, it folds and appears to be sturdy, but in reality, it also unfolds and collapses quite easily. There's something about plastic holding up over 120 pairs of earrings that now makes me nervous because you'd be surprised how much 120 pairs of earrings actually weighs. When this unfolds and falls, earrings break. Also, the holes are drilled very close together which makes taking off post earrings difficult because not only are you trying to balance the holder, you also have to pull off earring backs in too small a space. This was what I was doing when my display unfolded and fell flat on my dresser, cracking one of my crystal earrings and dislodging a stone from another. I now use this display only for wired earrings and purchased one of the metal harp displays to hold my post earrings. The metal displays were so much more stable and cost only a few bucks more. <end>  Doesn't work with hoops  I like this earring holder, and it was relatively inexpensive. It works very well for my french-hook earrings. Post earrings are OK, but it's a little bit tricky to pull them off without tipping over the whole thing. However, it's a huge pain to hang up any earrings with the clasped french-hook (the kind that has a hook, but also a back that snaps into place). I basically ended up leaving them unclasped and draped over the edge - it looks like they'd fall over easily. I couldn't get any of my hoops onto this thing - not the hoops with the post-back, hoops with a snapping back, nor the hoops that make a perfect circle. I have big ones and small ones, but I couldn't get any onto this thing.THE GOOD -Works well with french-hook earrings-Inexpensive-Works with post earrings-Folds up so it can be easily moved.THE BAD -Doesn't work with hoops-Isn't particularly attractive-Hinges squeak-Doesn't work well with Leverback hooks <end>  Great Value but only fits certain types of earrings  I bought this as a gift for my mom - and she liked it so much that I got one too!Fast forward to me trying to put my earrings on  small hoop earrings do not fit! Nor do large bulky earrings or very long ones. Fish hook backings you have to strategically put on so not to bend the earring. Screw backings might fit - it depends on the earring post length from the threads to the earring. I had a pair that the plastic was too thick (so the screw threads couldn't catch).One thing I really like was that this easily folded up accordion style - as long as the earrings aren't too bulky. This is great for storage.  )Would I buy again? Yup. Works pretty well for the type of earrings I wear. <end>  Great idea, poor execution  I loved the idea that this earring tree folded. All the decorative ones take up so much space. But as other reviewers have noted, the constuction is shoddy and the design is poor. The holes are too small so it is a struggle to get earrings on and off of it. If I can't get a pair of earrings in a moment, then why not just keep them in an old fashioned jewelry box? But worst of all, the thing tips over very easily and the first time it did, it broke. Taking my earrings off to return it, it tipped again and broke in another place. Waste of time and money! <end>  A neat design idea that works well for most earrings.  I really loved this item when I got it. This is a great space saver.Reasons I would buy this item 1. Folds Smoothly.2. Fits most earrings.3. Creative Design.4. Saves lots of space.5. Most earrings are easy to get off.Reasons why I wouldn't pay full list price (make sure you get it on sale) 1. The clear plastic look gives is a cheaper feel.2. It doesn't work for all earrings. <end>  Have two, love having my earrings in a compact-easy view area  I have two and have given several as gifts. It is the perfect earring holder. It takes up minimal space, but when open shows you your whole collection of earrings at a glance. <end>  Earring Bliss  I've been looking for a way to organize my earrings for years. This product solved my problem beautifully.I was so happy with it I bought seven more for Christmas gifts for friends. They love it too! <end>  Easy storage  I have a lot of new earrings, so I bought this. It has a lot of space and is pretty easy to put in earrings. My only issues are that it's a little bit hard to put in hook earrings the first few times. Also I don't know if really big hoops would fit, I wear smaller earrings and it's fine but if you wear mostly big hoops I would suggest something else. <end>  Acrylic Plastic Foldable Earring Screen  I was using plastic fishing tackle boxes to store my earrings, until I saw this product for sale. I bought the acrylic foldable earring holder and I love it! I can see all of my earrings at a glance, instead of looking through 4 tackle boxes, to find the pair of earrings I want to wear at any time. And it holds a lot of pairs of earrings. If I buy more earrings I will definately buy another holder. <end>  Good product!  The screen was bigger than I expected, but it looks exactly like the picture. It works well and I would definitely recommend it. <end>  Love it  This was the only earring holder I could find that could accommodate my large collection of earrings. I don't know why there have been complaints of not being able to hang earrings with french hooks. Mine fit perfectly. Another thing I love about this earring holder is that even after I hang up all my earrings (including some pretty large hoops) I can still fold the whole thing up. This makes it a great space saver as well as a great way to transport my earrings. <end>  Intriguing product  I liked the product very much. I wanted something but yet affordable to display my earrings, and make them accessible for every day use. I got exactly this with the product. Shipment was fast, and customer service was friendly when I called to inquire how my item was getting shipped to a different state for delivery. They fixed the problem right away and I had the item the next day. It works very well for all times of earrings. And its very easy to close it up with the earrings still on it if you have to move. <end>  Works but not as well as it could  I ordered this earring holder knowing it might not work for what I needed but there isn't much else out there. When it arrived I discovered one of the other reviewers was correct -- a lot of my earrings didn't fit. If you wear dangles the ear wire usually isn't long enough to fit through the holes. If you just hang them over the open slots they aren't very secure. I was hoping to fold up the device and lay it in a drawer. I was also hoping to use it on a trip I'm taking soon. The device is clearly not going to work for either of those uses.Not willing to send it back, I put my thinking cap on and tried drilling some of the holes larger. That seemed to do the trick. I can get most of my dangle earrings in place except for the bulkier ones. Those keep it from folding up neatly. So I would say it will work for 2/3 to 3/4 of my earring collection.I'll keep the device and use it but only for sitting out on the bathroom counter, which wasn't my original intention. If I find something better, this thing is out the door. <end>  Delivers What They Say  Product was delivered in a timely manner. Practical and attractive gift item. Solid trustworthy dealer. <end>  Def recommended!  I originally bought it for my mom who in turn bought it for my sister.. and she loves it! Great lil organizer. <end>  Great organizer  This product is quite sturdy and of good quality. It was a little bigger than I was expecting . . . but I guess other people should be more attentive to size dimensions when looking at a product. It's an appropriate size for long dangling earrings though, with the earrings not extending much past the "row." Some other reviews said that this product wasn't for small hoops and French hooks, but I was able to fit both types on (though they didn't fit as well). I would say that this is a good buy, though I would recommend not ordering it alone, as I paid about half its price for shipping. <end>  Great for most earrings.  This is perfect for most earrings. It is a little tough for leverbacks but I have really enjoyed it. <end>  Nice way to store your earrings  I really like this earring holder. I had looked around for a long time for something on which to store my pierced earrings. I was tired of keeping them on their individual cards and rummaging through them in my drawer. This holder is large, yet compact (since it folds) and you can see all your earrings at once. It is easy to take them on and off the holder.Nice! <end>  pratical earring holder  Perfect earring holder! Makes finding the exact pair of earring I want easy and accesible! Shipping was fast! <end>  Perfect earing organizer and attractive too  This earing organizer is sturdy and attractive. I love it! <end>  Helpful  This is a handy thing to have. good if u have lot of ear rings <end>  Perfect Organizer for Pierced Earrings  Earring holder works perfect for 99% of the earrings that I own. I wish I had found this item and purchased it years ago. Makes earring choosing and storing a cinch. Visually pleasing on make-up counter area. I recommend it to anyone who has pierced ears. Great, inexpensive gift idea too! <end>  Acrylic Plastic Foldable Earring Screens  My daughter and I have well over 150 pair of earrings. We never wore most of them because we not only didn't know what we had but couldn't find the mate most of the time. Using the screen, which can be either spread out to show all the pairs or folded to take up only a small space has made it possible to wear earrings I'd forgotten I had. <end>  I dont have that many earrings!  Needed to organize my earrings & this screen is more than I will ever need. I cant imagine having enough earrings to fill this. Very sturdy. Holds post earrings neatly. I store this folded standing upright in a medicine cabinet. Very satisfied. <end>  V good product  I love this product, v simple organized and gives a v neat look. I can find my earrings easily and wen I dont need it I just squeeze it and it becomes a space saver. <end>  Definitely something I needed!  This earring stand is actually quite beautiful for its simplicity. It works incredibly well for organizing your earrings instead of having them sprawled on your desk. One of my minor complaints is for the kind of earrings that are made to wrap around the bottom part of your lobe and latch on behind, those earrings don't really attach well but that doesn't necessarily prevent it from being latched onto the stand in an odd manner  P <end>  Looks good once loaded with jewelry  I wasn't sure I was going to like this rack - I had hoped to find a more natural, maybe wood holder for earrings. But I like this one - once you put your earrings on it, it looks nice. I also drape my bracelets on the top here and there. <end>  CLEARLY VISABLE AND PROTECTIVE  I love my clear folding screen for several reasons. First off, when i pulled it out of the box it had more weight to it than I expected from a plastic product. Second, it was far more sturdy than I expected and there was no slop or play where it hinges together. Third, when you stand it up, it doenst have to be somewhat folded for it to stand stable. You can have it expanded in a straight line and it still stands stable. Fourth, and what I love most is the fact that you can have it completely full of earrings and it will still fold up without damaging or crunching any of my earrings. And if you save the box it comes in, you can still use it for traveling or for safely storing your earrings. However, when I do this I put a strip of tissue in between each fold just so my earings dont scratch each other. And fifth, I love the clearity, the shine, and the simplicity of it.I was so pleased with the first one that I ordered that I turned around and ordered two more.Thanks to this product, I can disply all the earrings I make quickly and easily.Carla Acquafresca <end>  Folding Earring Holder  I am a native American I make beaded earrings to sell...I was going home for family Gathering as i do every year 2nd week end in October..I used the earring display holder on my table..People could see them better I could put price over the Panel of each and divide them by price this way.. They were easier to see and easier to remove when customer looked at them...It Was great and handy to have i could even fold it back up with the earrings on them and repack for the trip home...But I didn't have many earrings left..Think i sold more this year than any other time..Folding Earring Screen (Clear) (10-5/8"H x 17"W) <end>  works great  It holds my earrings well and I have a lot of them. Great product however I don't like the way it holds my long earrings. It's great for post earrings and short style. On a whole I'm pleased. My 21 year old daughter now has one too. <end>  just what i wanted  i've been looking for an earring holder for years that can hold as many earrings as i have. this is it. others never had the capacity for even 15 earrings, let alone OVER 100 EARRINGS (yes i did the math/counted once i got this in the mail). it also lets you put in dangle hook earrings as well as studs; it's got spaces for both.it's adjustable nature is also great. you can squeeze it into tight spots for storage on your shelf, then bring it out later and unfold it to find your earrings. <end>  Earring holder  A good, simple and safe way to store your earrings and make them easily accessable for wearing. <end>  good value  Delivery was faster than expected. Product arrived in good condition. Holds a lot of earrings conveniently, without taking up a lot of space on my dresser. <end>  clever!  I bought this for my wife thinking it may be a typical cheap plastic gizmo... I was pleasantly surprised at the quality. For the price I found it pretty rugged & my wife finds it very useful. It holds all her earings & still has room for more! <end>  Just what I needed  This earring holder keeps your earrings organized and holds alot. I always hated the screen type earring holders and this one holds everything from small posts to large hoops to dangles. It's just what I needed. It's great <end>  Poor quality  Nice idea. Unfortunately, the hinges broke quickly on mine even though I gently used. I would not waste your money. <end>  Arrived Shattered  Looks to be a great product if only it arrived in one piece. Every single hinge was broken off each of the panels. Amazon would not do an exchange. I had to do a complete return and new order which is an additional 2-3 week process just to get the item I want. So much for this being a Christmas gift....thanks Amazon! <end>  Spacious, sleek but not for every piece  This is a great way to organize your earring collection (and I realized I had room for a lot more - YAY!). However, because I live in a humid climate, the silver ones oxidized a lot faster on this - out in the air than they had in a closed jewelry box. Not a product problem, but something to be aware of as you look for solutions to organizing your jewelry. I now have 2 systems... <end>  awesome!  I am very picky in my organization and searched over 5 years before purchasing the screen. I love it! I bought 2. Its exactly what I needed. The only complaint is that some of my earrings that are clasp closures dont fit in the holes. It seems to be hoops with a high arch. Totally recommend this it looks beautiful and not cheap. <end>  Great organizer  I have a lot of costume jewelry earrings and these organizers have made finding the pair I'm looking for much easier. I love that they can stand up on my dresser so I can see everything, but I can also fold them up and put away when necessary. The only drawback I've found is with wire earrings. There's no way to attach the earring to the holder - they just hang - so when you fold it up, they fall out. If not for that, I'd have given these organizers 5 stars. <end>  It's okay--but you can make it better  Because the holes are sooooo small--the only type of earrings that this holder will take are studs--those with a completely straight, tiny rod held on with a back. Frustrating! But--as someone else suggested--use a small drill or dremel tool (which is easier to sight) and drill the existing holes 3-4 times larger to 1/8 inch. (Why the manufacturer hasn't done this--in light of all the complaints, just shows they don't give a darn.) To drill bigger holes and new holes, brace a small scrap piece of wood about 3/8 inch thick under the row you're going to drill so as you drill through the plastic the drill bit goes directly into the wood scrap below--this supports the plastic and prevents breakage. Drill into and up out of each hole twice so the edges are clean and smooth. I also added a line of holes above and below the existing two lines of holes--which is 64 new holes per panel. Make sure your drill bit is very sharp, drill at a steady slow speed and just accept that you'll break a couple as you go--out of 64 holes drilled in each panel, only 1-2 per panel broke. Also brush the plastic bits out of the drill bit after every few holes.Use earplugs and safety glasses so the bits of plastic don't strike your eyes. I also found it helpful to lay out the holder in the lid of a copy paper box--so all the plastic bits/shavings could easily be captured and put in the trash. Now this earring holder finally holds all my earrings no matter what style of fitting they have. <end>  Great product  I bought one for my daughter and one for me. We both love them, very easy to find your earrings now. <end>  Earring Holder  I was very disappointed with this item, as 50% of my earrings will not fit on on the holder due to either size of the earrings, or how they are held on the ear. It seems to be fine for most earrings with posts. I will use it for those earrings that work, and find something else for the rest. <end>  Granddaughter's Request  On the Christmas list and she was just thrilled when she opened it. Seems her cousin had one and that's where she first spotted it. <end>  It's ok  Yes, it holds a lot of earrings, but very difficult to maneuver the earrings in the holes. Some of my earrings were distorted because of this. Also, when it is closed, some of the earrings fall out. Very frustrating. <end>  Great idea!  This holds few or many earrings...looks good on a dresser, and keeps items tidy and in easy view. The lucite keeps it from looking ponderous. <end>  Very useful and nice  This organizer makes it so much easier to actually see what I have! before when all my earings were scattered in a jewerly box it was hard to pick something in the morning and now it's perfectly organized, looks pretty and it's easy to see just what my options are. Still has a lot of room for me to add on more earrings in the future  ) <end>  Almost perfect  I bought this because my sister has one.It looks good on her table and fold easily;moreover, you can find your earring really quick, I like it to be organized. So, I decided to have one. It works good for stud earrings and hook earring too. but I have hard time to put on those earrings with clip hook. The design is two lines of small holes with camel humps upside down, unfortunately the holes are distant from the &#34;humps&#34;, so not enough space for the clip part to hook on. Over all, I like it, since I have stud earring and hook earring the most, I guess I can put the clip hook earring in separate place. <end>  Great but big  This holds all my earrings with no problem! The only thing I don't like is that it is bigger than expected. <end>  love it!  This product is exactly what I was looking for, it holds and displays all of my earrings and can be folded up to take up less space. <end>  Earring storage screens  My daughter is able to store all her earrings in a neat and orderly manner- she may need another soon <end>  A fragile ok product !!!!!!  The plastic is so fragile, better keep it away from kids. The holes are tiny and at an angle that you can't really make use of all the holes. Returned it. Amazon was awesome !!!!!! <end>  Earring Holder Great Invention  This is a great way to store earrings and is portable. Well worth the money. <end>  folding earring rack  These are so great I keep buying them both for myself and for gifts. <end>  Just What my Wife Wanted!  My wife has a BIG assortment of earrings, and now she can keep them all organized in one place. Despite its large capacity, it's still compact enough to leave some space on the dresser. <end>  Acrylic plastic foldable earring screen  I assume this earring screen was satisfactory. I think it must be, but it was given as a gift and I haven't heard from the recipient. <end>  Arrived Broken  The item was sent in a shipping bag with absolutely no wrapping or cushioning whatsoever, so it was no surprise that it arrived broken in two places. I was able to glue it together. If it was shipped correctly, it would be a superior value for the money. As it is, it was a fair deal. <end>  Acrylic Plastic Foldable Earring Screens  product received in good time and we liked it because it was requested by me to give away and use <end>  broken  The item arrived on time but It was broke in half when I opened it. I would ask for a bottle of glue to come with it. <end>  Probably would have liked it  I think I would have liked the product but it arrived damaged. I requested a replacement but they would only give me a refund. <end>  earring holder  The item is nice but it does not fit all kind of earring. You can only hang some earring it was not what I expected. <end>  Great Earring Holder  Great folding screen for earrings. It holds alot of earrings. You can put some hoop earrings on it, but all do not fit. It is very pretty even if it is plastic and it folds up neatly. <end>  Earring Tree  This item is very good for all kinds of earrings. I had previously purchased 2 other kinds on Ebay, but the problem was that neither would hold all the types of pierced earrings that I have. <end>  great way to store and display your earrings  I love this holder. It makes it easy to see all of my earrings. There is plenty of room for me to get even more earrings on there. It is a great way to store my earrings. <end>  Great compact earring holder  I would give this earring holder 5 stars if the spaces were taller between rows to accommodate longer earrings but this earring holder is great, compact and inexpensive. <end>  Great earing organizer!  We originally bought this as a present for my sister in law, but my wife liked it so much that I had to get another one for her. The Amazon packaging was really good, it came in a tight box, the material feels sturdy, this is high quality acrylic, it has plenty of space for hanging earrings and necklaces. I would recommend it! <end>  Great folding earring screen  This earring screen was better than I expected. It is sleek, easily sits on top of my dresser and holds all of my earrings with room to spare. <end>  They were lost, now they are found (earrings that is)  If I had known about these trees earlier I would have had one. No more searching for a pair, scratching the stones and just the ease of getting and putting them back. I love this thing!!! <end>  Love it!  I wear mostly post earrings. This keeps them all organized and easy to find. <end>  Decent design & quality. Fits several earring styles, but not all.  I recently purchased three of these devices, hoping they would allow me to store my earrings and see them at-a-glance for ease of selection. The quality is good. The clear acrylic allows me to really see what I am looking for.Not all styles of earrings will fit on this...enclosed hoops, ratchet backs or clips that snap into the back.I just ordered two more units as I was pleasantly surprised how many earrings I have, most of which have been sitting unused due to storage issues.If this company offered (thru Amazon) a like quality item for storing larger or difficult types of earrings, I would certainly buy one or two.This doesn't meet all of my storage needs, but does 90% of the job. <end>  Very Practical Gadget for the Price  I debated for a while before purchasing this organizer. Previously I have been using a jewelry box with small dividers but it takes too much space and very cumbersome to take the jewelry box out. So, my goal is to look for something compact and easy to work with.Pros - holds lots of earrings- Easy to browse through your collection- Easy to try different pairs and put it back to the rack.- Space saver- holds earrings well. I move the organizer in and out of a small cabinet and nothing ever falls out.Cons - it's a bit tacky, but it's not as tacky as I thought it would be. I keep it in a cabinet out of sight.Granted, it's not the velvet luxury jewelery organizer that makes each pair of earrings look dazzling, but it's very practical, takes very small space, and it's only $15. For the price and utility, I give it a 5 star. <end>  Very effective  Easy to use, effect. Even my biggest dangling and hoop earrings fit and I can't still fold it closed. Makes it EASY to organize a lot of different styles and types of earrings. I have an unusually diverse and complicated collection and this was exactly what I needed. <end>  Good, for the price.  I like that it's compact but still holds a lot. The hinges are a little weak though.I got mine at a Storables store for $2.00 cheeper though, and no shipping. <end>  Rack for smaller Earrings  Holds plenty small, straight needle earrings but not many bigger hoop or shell type earrings. Not enough room for hoop earrings or bigger earrings to hang below. This rack is meant for small earrings but I made it work somewhat. <end>  Greatest thing since sliced bread.... well almost!  I got this earring holder a couple of weeks ago and BOY IS IT GREAT!!!! It's simple to use, folds right up on my dressing table so neatly. When I get to the earring part of dressing I just unfold it and select. This is one of the best purchases I've made in years!!! <end>  some do, some don't  Some earrings cannot be stored using this item, but it's great for post and some dangly earrings. Love how it folds up for space saving. Good quality product. My earrings that have the hinged backs won't fit on here, but I am satisfied for the price I paid. <end>  Horrible design, broken on arrival, PIECE OF CRAP  I bought two of these to display my jewelry at craft shows. One arrived broken and the other one that I kept does not easily hold earrings. It is a MAJOR pain to remove them from the holes they designed into the product. My customers were always knocking it over trying to get the earrings out of the rack. I ended up purchasing two black metal racks that I LOVE and trashing this one. <end>  it was the best thing I found for what I was look for but....  I have been looking for something that hold more than a few pairs of earring, all different styles. This was the best I could find. I works ok but it is a little hard to get some types of earrings to hang on it. The holes should have been made alot bigger. You end up just hanging everything. Thats ok, but nothing is secure on it. If it fell over, you would have a mess. <end>  Earring Rack Review  The rack is everything I expected. It's not damaged and arrived in a timely fashion. The only thing I didn't like about it is that you can't really travel with it because everything would just fall out. Other than that, its ok. <end>  Great Product  I've bought countless jewelry boxes and organizers over the years in an attempt to organize my jewelry. This is the best organizer I've ever found for organizing dangling earrings.Pro's Compact  I love the way this folds up so that it only takes up a small amount of space on my dresser. Even when this is folder there's still plenty of room for all of my earrings. I have several large pairs of earrings and I've never had any problems with them being squished/bent when this folds up.Stable  This is very stable in both the folded and opened positions. I've never had any problems with it tipping over.Easy to Use  The fact that it's clear makes it very easy to see all of your earrings to select the one's you want. It's also very easy to put earrings into/take earrings out of.Versatile  This works for just about any type of earring-studs, dangling earrings, and small hoops all work well. The only type of earrings I've found that don't work are large hoop earrings (and even these work fine as long as you don't try to close the screen).Sturdy  I know other reviewers have had problems with their screen, but mine have held up really well. I've had them for over five years now and they're still in like-new condition.Con's Limited Space  The product description says this will hold 128 pairs of earrings. The only way this would work is if you had very small stud earrings. I'm able to fit 3 pairs of dangling earrings per row. <end>  Earring holder  I'm not crazy about this product. It's tight fitting and just nnot what I thought it would be. I'm not actually using it. I wanted to display some earrings but I'm not sure this is the right display for me. <end>  Earring organizer  Great, convenient and sent quickly! For women that have a lot of earrings that you want to see at a glance, this is the way to go! <end>  cheap, broken, but somewhat useful for a few earrings  With a collection of so many earrings scattered in several containers, I need a way to organize them all. This isn't it! It only holds studs and a few of those for pierced ears that are shaped the right way to hang on the rather wide dividers. I suppose some of those old clip-on pairs would work on this too, but I don't use them anymore, so I don't need to display them with the current ones.On the other hand, this item is cheap, cheap, CHEAP! Mine arrived with the inner package slightly dented, and when I pulled the item out of that package, the hinge of one panel was completely disconnected from the next panel's complementary hinge parts. When my husband tried to set the two parts parts back together, the other hinge holding it snapped and broke--cheap plastic!--and the panel completely broke from the other three. Now I have a single panel and a separate three-panel set. Very cheap! On the other hand, even the single panel can stand while I'm working on it, and I can fold it and store it in a drawer with the three-panel set. But this item, in one or two pieces, isn't strong or good-looking enough to be displayed! Still, I can use it till something better comes along! And it would cost me more to return it, so what the heck! <end>  Pretty cool  I love the idea of this product. It keeps my earrings all in one easy to find place...I actually bought two. The only complaint I have about it is it's hard to fit some larger hoop earrings in it and the two outside panels on the outside of the screens doesn't protect the backing and posts of the earrings so that they are exposed to dust. <end>  CUTE!!  When I first got this product, I didn't like it but when I added earrings-It was so cool! I love how it can hold so many earrings and it is just the greatest thing. It can hold hoops, studs, and dangles! Sometimes it gets a little annoying trying to put earrings in but it all worked out. <end>  good quality  I purchased these earring screens for my teenaged grand daughters. The quality is good and they fold to compact into a smaller space which is nice. They do not accomodate the long, dangling earrings that are so popular right now, but my girls were happy with them. <end>  Good product, great customer service  When I recieved the first earring holder, one of the hinges was broken when I took it out of the box. I was disappointed and left a bad review. Very soon after, I got a prompt apology and an offer to send another one free of charge or a full refund. I got my new one quickly and it is great! Thanks for the great customer service! <end>  Nice holder  It is a nice earring holder but some of the holes are too close together. Some of my eariings are too close together eventhough they are all posts. <end>  Perfect  This heavy plastic screen that stores pierced earrings is perfect for clearing out a messy jewelry box and making earrings easily accessible. It takes up very little space on my dresser and clears my drawers of the clutter of little boxes. Perfect. <end>  Works well, just as described  Thick sturdy plastic makes this a very good buy. Came quickly and in perfect condition. <end>  Earring holder  It's great for organizing my many many earrings, but if it is accidentally knocked over, the hanging earrings fall out all over the place. It's to be expected, I suppose. Not a bad product for my cheaper earrings. <end>  Great Product  This earring organiser is a great product that does wonders for your dresser. Its clear plastic is sturdy and is effective at showing the true colours and styles of your accessories. I own alot of earrings of varying sizes and they all manage to fit comfortably on it without falling over. I can actually find my stuff without searching through a basket. Working with the supplier has been good and the customer service was excellent. I will be ordering again. <end>
 B000I8I3US  Celtic Knot Heart and Horse Head Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Celtic Knot Heart and Horse Head Sterling Silver Earrings  I got these for my granddaughter for her 16th birthday along with the matching pendant. Small enough to be tasteful and large enough to be noticed. <end>
 B000I8XV64  Beautiful! Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Women's Claddagh Ring ||	  A Beautiful Way To Express Love, Friendship and Loyalty  This ring is beautiful and petite. The hand crafted design is breathtaking. It has a rather narrow and somewhat thin band, but the detail is amazing and it has a very solid feel. I honestly think it is a wonderful ladies ring, with a fascinating story behind the meaning of the Claddagh symbol/design. It is a very petite ring so I honestly believe it looks best on smaller fingers. A woman with larger hands would probably prefer a band that is a bit thicker and wider. I highly recommend this ring as a gift for a best friend or a woman you love. I would also like to note that the seller shipped this item very quickly and it arrived only a few days after I ordered it. I couldn't be happier with this ring or with the merchant. =o) <end>  Black Hills Gold Claddagh Ring  I am very impressed with this ring. I wanted a claddagh ring. Then,to get it in black hills gold,seems like a bonus! It comes nicely package. The fit is perfect. It is just a beautiful ring. I will enjoy it for years to come! Thank you so much! <end>  a new wedding ring  BEAUTIFULLLLLLLL !!! I couldn't be happier. My new wedding ring. I love black hills gold and wear almost nothing else. So replacing my claddagh with this was a no brainer. <end>  Claddagh Ring  I am very pleased with this ring it is just what I wanted! The ring fit perfectly and is beautifully designed. <end>  Claddagh Ring  I ordered this ring for a friend. She loves it. It is very delicate and femenine looking. The subtleness of the different colors of the gold make it look very pretty. <end>  Wonderful ring  My daughter purchased this ring for herself and I must say it is beautiful. It is a very dainty ring so don't expect anything big but the craftsmanship is perfect and the ring sizes are spot on. It came nicely packaged in an adorable white ring box. I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B000IB5KMO  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Mens Rodium Plated Polished Finish 5mm Band Ring Size 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 ||	  Rich ring  My wife has been purchased this ring for my birthday. It's perfect in it's quality. Also, I liked it too much. It's the best ring I have. <end>  Great Ring  This ring is of great quality, came as promised, rhodium finish looks like white gold. I am completely satisfied with Gem Avenue, they were helpful and prompt. Definitely would purchase from them again. Ring is a knockout! He loved it! <end>  Love the Ring  I just get my ring in the mail today in opened the box. I love this ring what more can i!!!!! <end>  Super Buy!!!!!!!  I have alway wanted an impressive ring one that sparkles from every angle and this ring does not disappoint at all! I feel like I am really wearing a 3 karat Diamond White gold ring and it is really hard to notice the difference! I really love the gift from my wife to me! I will not tell anyone it is not a real white gold Diamond ring, This is excellent Quality I would recommend to all! <end>  Rhodium finish ring.  Received the ring very quickly from retailer. It is exactly as described. Looks nice and wears well. This supplier has quite a nice selection of mens rings than are unique and at a low cost. Make sure you check out all their rings and I am confident you will find something that you really like. I have looked at a lot of rings on amazon and this retailer is at the top on affordable rings with great appeal and customer service... <end>  MY RAY of LIGHT  This is the best ring by far, I recieved it as a gift for my bday and I love it, I find myself looking at it all the time especially when the suns out and its sparkling...... if you have a man in your life father, brother, cousin, boyfriend,etc. get this as a gift. he'll love it... just like me. <end>  nice ring  The ring was very nice but the band was bent when I received it. I have left voice messages and emails with the company about exchanging it but no one has returned any of the calls or emails. Buyer beware. <end>
 B000IB5MWW  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Marcasite Band 3mm Wide Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Very Beautiful!!  This ring is TRULY beautiful in every way - in design, workmanship, and the materials which were used - and I would buy it again in a MOMENT! It is very feminine and extremely comfortable to wear and could be worn equally well in an elegant situation or an extremely casual one. The beautiful, clear center stone is about 3/8" across and is framed on each of four sides by small groupings of 5 tiny marcasite stones, each small grouping in a delicate crescent moon design. The four marcasite groupings frame the center stone very subtly and gracefully, bringing the ring's design into beautiful visual balance, giving the overall appearance of a very delicate, moderately sized design - not large or overbearing in ANY way. The price of this ring is so very reasonable for the quality and beauty you receive! I really love it and I can't recommend it highly enough! <end>  Beautiful gift  I bought this ring for my daughter for her birthday. First the shipping was fast, it came wrapped and tagged with my sentiments all well protected during shipping. The stone is very bright and large. With the band being .925 sterling silver my daughter is sure to get years of enjoyment from its beauty. It is a great deal on such a beautiful ring. <end>  Very Worthy to purchase  This ring is shiny, beautiful and ADORABLE~ I bought this as a little something for my co-worker for Christmas and not only she loves it, I definitely want one for myself! ;) <end>  Pretty Ring  This is a pretty ring. The marcasite gives an antique look to the ring. Very happy with my purchase and it came within the estimated time. <end>  WHAT A RING  I bought this ring and it is beautiful. It is true to size and quality as seen in the picture. I would highly recommend this to anyone. <end>  Big Sparkly CZ!  I really love this ring. I bought a size 8 because a previous reviewer said the ring runs large. That was not the case for me. The size 8 ring was too small for my middle finger, and the stone was not as clear as I had hoped. The replacement ring, which came VERY quickly, with no drama from Gem Avenue, was GORGEOUS!!! The stone was so clear and it sparkled like crazy. I loved the design of the ring, which is why I ordered it. If Gem Avenue sold this with an oval mother-or-pearl or oval onyx cabochon in the center, I would definitely buy a ring like that. But this is a great ring and I love it!!!! <end>  Excellent Buy  After many months of testing we found out my wife is allergic to nickel which is commonly usen in all types of jewelry and after doing a quick search on Amazon we finally found something she really liked, Gem Avenue seems to have a pretty big stock of "nickel free" itemsThis ring not only fits her perfectly but also looks great on her, she has already received many compliments from friends and family,The ring actually came in a really neat small gift box!It seems to be made with really good quality silver and very well crafted and sturdy, something I thought it was going to be compromised due to the fact is nickel free and nickel is something used to straighten metals , The stone is very clear and sparkles when exposed to light specially sun light. I wish Gem Avenue will specify where the actual ring is made or where does the silver come from, it will be a huge plus if the ring was actually made in the US.Definitely will buy from them again and already have a few other rings and nickel free earrings in my cart, really nice and reputable business. <end>  awesome!  Loved this ring online and as soon as I got it loved it even more! Sparkles A LOT and is nicely made. Shipped fast and definitely worth the price. I can wear it with everything. <end>  Big sparkler  Very nice ring, the stone is a little larger than I expected but I'm keeping it cause I love the bling! The antique styling is lovely. Solid construction, feels good on the hand. Can dress it up or down. The box it came in is not the same that is shown in the pics, heart-shaped and kinda cheesy. Luckily the ring is for me! <end>  gorgeous ring  this is a beautiful ring at a great price. I bought 2, one for me & 1 for my asst. <end>  Disappointed  I asked for a size 6, but this ring turned out to be much larger than a six....ended up giving it away, as it absolutely did not fit...I was very disappointed...pretty ring, but was definitely not the size I ordered. <end>  Fun ring  Even though the CZ was bigger than I expected, I like this ring a lot. Have received more compliments on this ring whenever I wear it. I wish the CZ was smaller, because the huge size of it clearly makes it look like costume jewelry. If it were smaller, it would look like a diamond. But the setting is classy, well-made, and looks somewhat vintage. I have fun wearing it, since it is a very pretty piece of jewelry and very interesting and unusual actually. It seems to catch the eye of most people. <end>  breathtaking!  Love this ring! good quality, good clarity, could wear it every day! i'm thrilled! It shipped quickly, even the packaging was nice, it came in a sweet little box. Would've made a great gift, but I'm definitely keeping it! <end>  Buyer beware  Yes, this is a beautiful ring, however, within weeks of wearing it daily, many of the smaller stones fell out. It did not occur to me to check if there was a warranty, but when I did, it was too late. Just be aware that this ring only carries a 30 day warranty. <end>  Very simple, yet pretty  I bought this as a gift for my best friend. It's simple yet dressy. It's tiny but not too small. You can wear it with anything from a skirt to a pair of jeans and a tee shirt. If you're looking for a versatile ring, this is the perfect ring. <end>  Beautiful But. . . .  The ring is simply beautiful, but I didn't expect the stone to be as large as it is. It comes accross as kind of "overkill" for my taste. Overall if you like extra large stones, this is the perfect ring. I prefer more of a medium size stone. No problem with the order. Arrived on time. All Good. <end>  very pretty  Very pretty ring. It does run a little large, so keep that in mind when ordering. The marcasite detail adds a nice touch, and although the CZ isn't the best quality it is still very sparkly and the ring is a good deal for the price. I've attached a photo so you can see what it really looks like. <end>
 B000IBJJGC  Sterling Silver Circle Picture Frame Pendant with Snake Chain ||	  Cute  It was hard to find a picture small enough to fit, but I was really quite pleased overall for the price. Liked the look and length of the chain. <end>
 B000IBJJTO  Stainless Steel Cross Dog Tag with Box Chain ||	  Cross Dog Tag with Chain  The receiver of this gift has had so many compliments on this item and I myself am most pleased with its quality and design. The only thing I would (and did) change about this item was to replace the thin box chain with a substantial ball chain. The box chain is too flimsy for the weight of the tag and it appears more authentic with the ball type chain.I would have rated it 5 stars if it were not for the chain! I am dis-appointed now though, because I reordered the item and the design changed!Now I can't get the same as I originally ordered! <end>
 B000IBJLCO  14 Karat White Gold Cable Chain, 10" Anklet Bracelet, Set with Multi-Color Semi-Precious Stones. ||	  Love it!  I love this bracelet since it is gold and has the different stones. I get many compliments and wear it all the time. Highly recommend it! <end>
 B000IBSZRQ  Round Cut Citrine Three-Stone Drop Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Citrine  The stones are not very sparkly. A bit cloudy. But stylish, good for everyday wear and not for fancy outing. Still a good purchase for something simple. <end>
 B000IBT0CU  Oval & Round Garnet Three Stone Earrings Sterling silver ||	  Different shaped stud  I'm looking for a pair of garnet studs to go with my other garnet accessories. The 3-stone earrings look different from many usual single-stoned studs & it's big enough on the ear-lobe. It looks simple & stylish. The garnet colour is rich. <end>
 B000IBT1A6  Oval Cut Tigereye Dangling Heart Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Completely worth it  I bought these earrings as a gift for my girlfriend, and she absolutely loved them! They got to my house in a timely manner, and they were in pristine condition. I am normally cautious about using any online shopping site, but using yours was quite quick, efficient, and gratifying. Thank you! <end>
 B000IBUMNQ  Multicut Garnet Citrine Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Cute earrings  Citrine stone is nice size, garnet very small. Earrings very small but for price, can't beat them. <end>
 B000IBUO3O  Heart & Pear Cut London Blue Topaz Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Lovely earrings  I bought these to go with a necklace I own, and am very pleased with the quality. They are a tiny bit heavier than I prefer, but that's not a deal-breaker. <end>
 B000IBUOU2  Oval Carnelian Bead Filigree Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  silver earrings  these are pretty earrings, especially with the carnelian insert. however, i was a bit dismayed to find the carnelian to be so small. i expected a larger insert. i enjoy wearing them <end>  Lovely earings.  I love buying from this seller, and these earrings have a matching necklace that I love. <end>
 B000IBUTMA  Round Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  My daughter loves it.  Bought as a gift my my daughter age 17. She absolutely loves it and wears it all the time. Beautiful ring. <end>
 B000IBUUJM  Oval Cut Citrine Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  PICTURE IS WHAT YOU GET  I purchased this ring for myself. The item is quality silver and the citrine is nice and yellow. I have no complaints. The ring is exactly what the picture shows, no surprises. <end>  Very nice birthstone ring  Ring looks exactly like picture. Stone has nice color and sparkle. It is a simple, clean look which is what I wanted for this gift. <end>
 B000IBUX0I  White Mother of Pearl Antique Style Ring Sterling Silver ||	  pretty and unique  This ring certainly is unique, and it is designed to rest comfortably between the fingers. I find that this ring does tarnish easily, and that the mother or pearl segments are rather thin. I don't wear this ring very often because I'm afraid that one of the segments may crack. But it is nice for special occasions. It came in a very cute little box, and Peora shipped the item to me very quickly. I'd recommend this ring to anyone who enjoys antique style jewelry. <end>
 B000IBUXAI  Trillion Cut Pink Cz Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Great Quality and Looks!  Well it's harder than you think to find a nice ring small enough for a pinky finger that is nice quality. This baby did that trick! I love it! It's beautiful and solid, not like those "self-adjusting" rings that you just push and pull to size and so are made of thin materials.Plus the price is incredible for sterling silver. The stone looks real and sparkles just right. <end>
 B000IBUXT4  Pear Cut Sapphire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  A beautiful purchase  I was in search of an affordable birth stone ring, and this item was the perfect answer. I've worn it for a while now, and the sterling silver has not worn or corroded in any areas, proving its high quality. I was very pleased with everything about this ring, and I still enjoy wearing it today. <end>
 B000IBUYL6  Laser Cut Comfort Ring Band Sterling Silver Size 5 ||	  Love it - worth every penny!  I bought this so I would have a wedding band to wear when I didn't want to wear my diamonds - for dirty work stuff like gardening. I absolutely love it. It actually has the little laser clusters at every quarter of the ring, top, bottom, left and right. In a little light, they actually shine like a small diamond is in there. Also, the sterling silver is of supreme quality. Because it has a matte finish it actually has the appearance of white gold, not silver. I love the detailing and it's comtemporary design - exactly what I was hoping for. Peora's service was very fast also - I received my ring 4 business days after I ordered it. I am very happy with my purchase. Thank you Peora! <end>
 B000IBVP82  Heart Cut London Blue Topaz Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Wow, fast shipping  These earrings are beautiful. I was afraid they would be smaller, but they're a good size for me. (Somewhere between half an inch to three quarters of an inch long, I think). I ordered them about two days ago, and got them today! This makes me happy, because my parents ordered gifts for me well before Christmas and they still haven't shown up. Also, these earrings came in a pretty gift box. It's light purple with a purple ribbon and a ribbon rose. If I want more jewelry I'll be looking to order from Peora again. <end>
 B000IBVXDE  Round Cut London Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Adorable Little Ring!!  I just received this ring yesterday, when I opened it I was really shocked of how nice the quality of this ring was for the amount it cost, you would definitely pay alot more than this anywhere else. The color of the stone is so beautiful and the little bow at the top of the stone is just adorable. I love it.  ) <end>
 B000IBVY74  Pear Cut Citrine Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  I got compliments on the ring the first time I wore it..  This is a very pretty ring and the first time I wore it, I got compliments. I do not have any other citrine jewelry, but I am really glad I bought it. I would recommend this ring highly. <end>
 B000IBVYQ0  Round Cut Genuine Smoky Quartz Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Absolutely beautiful  This is such a good buy! When the ring arrived, it's a lot prettier than I expected. The delivery was right on schedule as well. <end>
 B000IBVYTM  Heart Shaped Peridot Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  I bought this as a present for my mother  I got it as a mother's day present. My mother loves it, but she'd love anything I gave her, even if it turned her finger green. My mom never takes it off, except when taking showers or washing the dishes. It seemed to wear a bit but it still looks nice. You can tell that it's not the best quality though. <end>
 B000IBVYX8  Genuine Mother of Pearl Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Unisex ||	  Decent purchase  I love mother-of-pearl stones and this ring held up pretty well until one day the stone came off. I had to crazy glue it back in place. I'm glad no one can tell. Other than that it's a pretty good looking sterling silver ring. <end>
 B000IBW1QM  Men's Round Cut White Cz Titanium Ring Band Size 9 ||	  Sizing & Finish Issues  The sizing seems to run large & the finish isn't as bright as pictured. <end>
 B000IBXIE6  Pear Cut London Blue Topaz Dangling Earrings ||	  Gorgeous earrings  They are so beautiful!!! If you love the color of london blue topaz then you will love these earrings. The picture does not do them justice. They also arrived in a very timely manner!!! <end>
 B000IBXIK0  Round Cut Garnet Three Stone Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  garnet sterling rhodium-plated dangle earrings  These earrings are beautiful and a great value. The stones are clear and the earrings are a perfect size. <end>
 B000IBXITG  Round London Blue Topaz Oval Peridot Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Totally surprised  I was totally surprised by the quality and beauty of the earrings that I ordered for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas. They looked nice online and thought for the price if they aren't as "nice" as they looked, well, it was still okay...then I got them...they are BEAUTIFUL!! They come in an adorable box with a decorative rose and ribbon. I didn't even have to wrap it for Christmas-it's was gift ready!! I am COMPLETELY satisfied and look forward to future orders with Peora. I highly recommend Peora's jewelery. We received the order quickly and didn't have any problems at all. My daughter was THRILLED! <end>
 B000IBXLMK  Pear Cut Ruby Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Great for the Price  These are a great pair of lab ruby earrings. I really like the colour, more of a true red like the ruby ring I has as a child then most of the pinkish cast rubies you see today. The silver setting has nice detail and they have great swish. You probably won't make anyone who's stuck on price tags jealous, but they are beautiful and great at the price. <end>
 B000IBXNIC  Oval Cut Smoky Quartz Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  smoky quartz solitaire ring  it is a nice ring, fits me perfectly, the stone is a good size but i think it turned out a bit expensive even with the free shipping. <end>
 B000IBXO2W  Radiant Cut Citrine Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Citrine Ring  This is my granddaughter's birthstone so I bought it for her birthday. She loved it and is now getting into jewelry. She wears it all the time and is very happy with it. <end>
 B000IBXO5E  Round Cut Garnet Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Sparkle  This ring is beautiful. Garnet is naturally dark but this ring still catches light. The ring band is comfortable and polished. I feel as if i got a real deal for this ring because the quality is so high and the price is so low. The gift box it came in is so adorable! <end>
 B000IBXOYK  Round Cut Garnet Citrine Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Love it!!!  I ordered this ring when a ring I owned in a similar style broke. This ring is far more comfortable than the last one. It doesn't catch on anything and is so comfy that I can wear it with socks and shoes on. Be careful when adjusting it because I don't think it will open very wide without breaking. But I put it on and am not going to take it off so no need for it to be adjusted more than once. Very comfy and sparkly! Overall a great toe ring!! <end>
 B000IBXPA8  Heart Shape Peridot Ring Sterling SIlver ||	  awesome  I was VERY pleased with both the quality and appearance of this ring. Delivery was on time and well packaged. <end>
 B000IBXQGQ  Oval Cut Garnet Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Size 8 ||	  Charming and sweet  Much more original design than it appears in the photo. I love mine and it makes me feel younger. Tks. <end>
 B000IBXQJI  Round Cut Peridot Citrine Three Stone Ring Sterling Silver Size 6 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I am really pleasantly surprised by the beauty and quality of this ring. It's much prettier in person than in the picture. The stones are bright and brilliant and the sizing is accurate. It fits perfectly. I would definitely recommend purchasing this ring. <end>
 B000IBXQRA  Men's Two tone Surgical Steel Ring Band Size 9 ||	  two tone surgical steel ring  I love this ring. It is what I expected. It is very durable. <end>  love it!  I wear this ring as a thumb ring and have yet to take it off.... Love it! <end>
 B000IBXQZ2  Men's Surgical Steel Ring Band Size 12 ||	  Great Ring - Looks like a million  Very comfortable fit, excellent style and it has worn well over the last several months. <end>
 B000IBZHKE  Multicut Amethyst Three Stone Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Dainty  The quality of the earrings was excellent. They are very beautiful. The only issue I had was they were much smaller than I expected. The picture in the ad was deceiving. The earings are actually much smaller than they appeared. <end>
 B000IBZNAI  Princess Cut London Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful Ring  Ring was very unique, I liked the cut outs on the band. Very Pretty. Pleased with purchase. <end>
 B000IBZOE8  Round Cut Garnet Ring Sterling Silver ||	  DON'T BUY - JEWELRY IS FAKE FAKE FAKE!!!!  It would be my suggestion to those of you looking for jewelry on Amazon to NOT buy from Peora....they falsely advertise that their jewelry is "sterling silver"....but it is in fact NOT. I passed over several rings that I really liked because they were only "sterling silver plated" and not actual silver, the one I chose was supposed to be REAL silver (not plated), but the first time I cleaned it with jewelry cleaner, *specially made for sterling silver*, it turned and is now PERMANENTLY tarnished. Unfortunately for me I was out of town at the time and was not able to send the item back, and I am now stuck w/ a birthstone ring that is FAKE!! I am extremely disappointed and if I could have given NO STARS, I would have!! <end>
 B000IBZQNM  Princess Cut Amethyst Three Stone Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Perfect fit  I got three of these rings as friendship rings for myself, my daughter and my grand daughter. We all love them! They fit nicely on my pinky and my daughter's pinky and my grand daughter wears hers in her index finger. I figured she could move it as she grows. We all love the lavendar color and the silver setting goes nicely with the overall look. Be sure you understand, though, that although two rings are pictured, you only get one per order. I almost made that mistake. <end>
 B000IBZRLI  Laser Cut Engraved Ring Band Sterling Silver Size 5 ||	  Very nice  The ring is just as it looks online. It has retained it's color and shape. Very happy with it! <end>
 B000ICDCZU  Wide Woven Knot Silver-Tone Hinged Metal Bangle Bracelet ||	  Loved This Item  Not only was this received promptly but it was nicer than the picture, which is rare! <end>
 B000ICDZC0  Sterling Silver Round Green Jade Greek Key 1 inch Long Dangle Pendant ||	  Beautiful piece for an affordable price  Fast shipping, lovely item. Much prettier than in photo. Will order again from this seller! <end>
 B000ICJD2G  19mm Unakite Gemstone 6 to 7 inch Adjustable Unisex Strechable Bracelet ||	  Wife Loves This Bracelet  I bought this for my wife for Christmas. It arrived in great time and my wife really loves it. It matches her other Unakite pieces very well. This is my 3rd purchase from Gem Avenue, and all purchases have been great. <end>
 B000IG9LG0  JJ Weston enamel and crystal formal set with presentation box. Made in the USA ||	  Great!  I bought these for my dad, and he loved them. They are beautiful with a classic look. The shipping was amazingly fast with no difficulties. <end>
 B000IGE31S  "Capri" Earrings ||	  Great Earrings  These are great, very light, but look really nice (not cheap). The colors go with so much and catch the light beautifully! <end>
 B000IH1Z5E  Shoulder Duster Pink Wood Beaded Cluster 5" Long Chain Cascading Hook Earrings ||	  fun clubbing peice, can't go wrong for $4  Fun piece to wear out to a club or party. For $4 how could I go wrong taking a chance? Not too cheap looking. Wood beads and chain.sweet. <end>
 B000IHNLOM  Amazon.com  Men&#39;s Oval Grid Cuff Link by Enrico Pardini - Black/White in Silver Rhodium  Clothing ||	  Great Value  This is a great deal for the money, I purchased a few items from this seller. <end>  Good deal, for what I paid.  Nice product. I paid much less than they are currently selling for (about $5.) so watch for sales from this seller. <end>  Great price  Very good price for this product. The company was very good to deal with! <end>
 B000IHQ0A4  14K White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1 1/2ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  Purchase was EZ, Return was EZ too.  Great product, and fast shipping. Unfortunately, I had to return them. Return process was fast and painless. Will continue being a customer. Thank you <end>
 B000IHTUL0  14K White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/3ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  At least they took them back...  Where to begin? I was trying to be a good husband, buying my wife a pair of diamond studs for her birthday. She teaches, and instructed that she didn't want anything expensive, as she expected to lose one or both of the earrings within the year. I shopped around and settled on these 1/3 carat earrings from Netaya.The folks at Netaya deserve some kudos here - their photography skills are outstanding, and their customer service folks are very efficient at putting customers on hold.The earrings arrived a week late, even with the express shipping that I paid an extra $10 for (not UPS's fault, they weren't shipped for 6 days). Imagine my surprise when I opened the box (a necklace box, about 3"x5", ie huge) to find two of the dreariest looking yellow diamond earrings I'd ever seen.Not a great birthday when she wouldn't even take them out of the box. She promptly asked where I'd gotten them, and what the return policy was like.I called Netaya that afternoon, went through the customer service menus, and spoke to several CSRs, all of whom seemed surprised that I expected a refund of my purchase price, plus the shipping price (I paid for expedited shipping, it wasn't expedited, figured it was fair to ask for it back)To their credit, the little dreary looking earrings went back at their expense, and I was credited two weeks later with my full purchase price and shipping expense.I guess next time I'm sent for cheap earrings, I'll go to Walmart... <end>
 B000IHTUMY  14K White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (3/4ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  Nice size for the price  Got these as a Christmas gift for my wife. Great price for the size, but if your lady would rather quality over quantity then these are not for you. Inclusions were very noticable without magnification. My wife is about the size so that wasn't a problem. <end>  Not worth the $400  I was delighted to find such a great deal on diamond earrings, and I read the so-so review on here but bought them anyway. I was mortified when I opened the box and saw a big black inclusion in the diamond so big that you could see it from several feet away. Who would dare sell something so awful?! I thought about exchanging it for a fresh pair, but I was so pissed at the low quality that I returned them for a full refund. Fortunately they refunded my money right away, although I'm still upset that they wanted $400 for these, and with an original price of well over $1000! WTF? <end>
 B000IHVQ44  14K White Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (3/8ctw, H-I, I1-I2) ||	  screwed  I'm not sure how I would have liked them since they sent me a round cut instead of the Princess cut I ordered. These are dishonest people. Buyer beware! They never responded to email.. <end>
 B000IIHOV2  Pugster 22k Golden Plated Classic Antique Vintage Cameo Profile Maiden Topaz Yellow Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Topaz Floral Crystal Brooches And Pins ||	  Happy Mother's Day!  I just bought this for my Mother for Mother's day, and she just loves it. She would give it a 10 if she could. <end>
 B000IJS3I4  Clearly Charming Matte Starter Italian Charm 18 Link Bracelet ||	  italian charm bracelet  It was inexpensive and serves it's purpose. It's hard to put the charms in without the charm key. I have yet to find one. You might want to browse until you find a bracelet that comes with a key (if they even exist). But there is nothing wrong with this bracelet. <end>  Great gift for my daughter  made a real hit on Christmas. Got my 9 year old this and a charm, she can now personalize it any way she wants. <end>  Good quality  This starter bracelet is good quality, though not excellent. It is quite shiny and got a few small scratches rather quickly. I would still recommend it, since you will be changing out the charms anyways. <end>  Shiney Charm Braclet  Purchased as a gift for my wife. She loves it nice accesory with other silver bangles. Now I just buy a charm or two for each holiday to personalize it. She says it is very comfortable and durable. Since she forget to take it off in the pool or shower. <end>  starter Italian charm bracelet  I ordered two of these as my first Italian charm bracelets, and I'm very happy with them. They didn't come with instructions, but after 2 seconds of Googling 'how to italian charm bracelets' (best directions on Ask.com) it was easy to figure out. Very well made and strong- I wear mine every day, and it stands up to a lot of use and abuse. I would certainly recommend to anyone wanting an Italian charm bracelet  ) <end>  not real happy  I wasn't real happy when i got the 2 braclets and there are no instructions and no clasps/esplainations on how to close it. <end>  Not very shiny  I was very happy with the shipping for this item however the quality im on the fence about. i expected it to be shiny and more feminine looking. it seems to be of good quality. lets just hope its a durable! <end>  Cheap looking  This bracelet is not very pretty and IMPOSSIBLE to put charms in!!!!! The instructions were of no help at all. <end>  For Health & Safety  This bracelet was purchased for the health charms available. I am diabetic and allergic to sulfa & penicillin.I was able to add these charms to the bracelet so I have a medical alert on at all times. <end>
 B000IK076E  10k White Gold, Round, Diamond 4-Prong Classic Tennis Bracelet (1 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  It's Unbelieveably Small  I should have known that 72 diamonds spread out across a 1 carat total-weight piece would mean that each diamond was 1/72 of a carat, but it didn't occur to me when I ordered this for my lady. Anyway, it showed up today and it's absurdly tiny. The metal-to-stone ratio is about 200 to 1, no exaggeration. The craftsmanship on the links is decent, it definitely meets the description as posted, but, again, there's nothing to the 'diamond' aspect of this besides a little more shine than a normal link bracelet.If you think you're going to be a baller buying this for your girl, take her out for dinner this year and save your money to get her something nicer later. The pictures of the bracelet are accurate, but the camera they use is super-human in terms of zoom & focus. I can't hold the bracelet close enough to my face to make it look that big. The surface of each link that holds the diamond is no taller than 3mm, and the diamond is pronged __inside__ each link. To give a relative impression of how small this is, I could stack 7 or 8 links wide across my thumbnail, and, again, the diamonds are inside the links (hence much smaller).I hope Mommy likes it. Otherwise, I think I'll get her a non-jewelry gift. I might get this appraised for fun, just to see if it even approaches what I paid. <end>
 B000IK421K  14k Yellow Gold, Princess-Cut, Diamond Classic 4-Prong Pendant (1/2 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Nice  Always interesting to buy jewelry online. I purchased this as a gift for my wife. I found that the photo was an accurate description of the product. The stone is well set and has a fair amount of sparkle to it. Not as much fire as a more expensive piece, but we're getting what we paid for. The chain is very delicate. Overall I'm very pleased with the purchase and would recommend this product. <end>  Classic  The solitaire shape and size is classic and its very pretty when worn. The stone itself is not dazzling, but it doesnt advertise that it is. I found that it has much more sparkle and depth when worn. Looking at it off the neck, it didnt seem to have much fire. Probably due to imperfections, which Im fine with...I dont have the money to buy a clear perfect diamond of this size! Balancing the great price I got, its lovely setting, and a very nice size stone, I am happy with my purchase and pleased to wear this pendant. If you're looking for perfect, look higher up. If you're okay with simplicity and a flaw or two...its just right. <end>
 B000IK8RI4  50th Birthday Gift Bracelet ||	  50th birthday gift  The product was received in a timely manner. The gift receipient loves bling and she was not disappointed . <end>
 B000IKO6IE  Pugster Triple Circle Dangle Violet Purple Swarovski Austrian Crystal Pendant Necklace For Women ||	  Compliments galore!!  I bought this for my wife since her cousin kept borrowing her sterling silver aztec calendar necklace that she loves so much...I was hoping this would give her another option to accessorize with and low and behold SHE LOVES IT!! she wares it almost as much as her aztec calendar necklace, and she has gotten literally dozen's of compliments on this necklace. Its beautiful and unique, it is glass so you have to be somewhat careful with it, but because of the myriad of colors it complements a lot of different clothes and looks! A winner and must have in you accessory drawer!!! <end>
 B000IKQU8I  Pugster Handcrafted Pink Ribbon Chandelier Austrian Crystal Dangle Earrings ||	  Not exactly like in the picture  If you think they will loke the same as in the picture, you're wrong. It looks more like something very cheap, from a cheap bazaar. I hope my wife will like it. <end>
 B000IL9H0K  IGI Certified 18k Gold Princess-Cut 4-Prong Diamond Studs (1 1/2 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity) ||	  Great diamonds!  My husband got me these for Mother's day. They are gorgeous. The diamond quaility and clarity is SI1 and H as promised. My only complaint is the quaility control. I got one 18k back and one 14k back. Not sure how that got missed since the gold is a different color. I was also disappointed that these are not screw backs as stated in the product specification but if you read the full description, it does say post friction backs. The picture is deceiving too. However, I will not return them for these two reasons since the insurance and time will probably cost me more. These are the only reasons why I gave it 4 stars.This price is a steal! <end>  Beautiful, as promised....great deal!  The earings came just as promised by the description. Weight, clarity, and color are all verifed by the certification. Cut / brilliance is the only thing slightly subjective and was my only hesitation with purchsing diamonds via the internet. However, once the earrings arrived I could not be more thrilled; very brilliant, a well mathced pair, and no inclusions visible to the naked eye with the SI1 clarity.The best part of my purchase was price! Very, very good deal and I am certain my wife will be thrilled to have them. Thanks Amazon!! <end>
 B000INR3TK  Diamond Skull And Crossbones Ring In Sterling Silver. Size 6 ||	  Gets more compliments than her rack  My wife has been--well, let's just say, "endowed by her creator with certain delightful gifts," ones whose size are often measured in letters (wow, what an un-tactful way of trying to be tactful--if my wife ever read this, she'd punch me).I got this for my wife as a Christmas present several years ago; she gets more complements on this ring than any other piece of jewelry she owns. And she's delighted that more people's attention seem to be drawn to this ring than *ahem* anything else. <end>
 B000IOUMF6  Sterling Silver Emerald Cut Amethyst Gemstone Band 10mm Ring Size 5.5 ||	  I love this ring  What you see is what you get with this ring. The color of the amethyst is a deep rich purple and the faceting is perfect. The designs on either side of the band are very pretty as well. I have received many compliments on this ring and am purchasing another ring from Gem Avenue. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I love the amethyst ring I purchased. The ring arrived when promised and is a great compliment to my amethyst earrings. I have received many compliments. When I first purchased the ring I was concerned. I have small hands, so I was worried that the ring may look too big on my hand. It looks great on. I was pleasantly surprised. I will definetly purchase from this seller again. <end>  Just Beautiful  This ring is absolutely beautiful and easy to wear. I also have heard thelittle jingle in mine, but not worried about it. It seems pretty solidanyway. If for some reason it DID fall out, I would crazy-glue it back in.This ring is that nice. <end>  mostly satisfied  Great value for the price. Stone does jingle in the setting, but seems to be secure. <end>  Gorgeous!  This ring looks exactly like the picture. Its a beautiful piece. Very high quality stone for the price. My only complaint is the amethyst seems to be a little loose in the setting and you can hear it jingling around a bit. I worry it may not hold for long. Stiil, I am very happy with this purchase! I'd definitly recommend it! <end>  I heart this ring!  Fast shipping, excellent quality! This ring is gorgeous! And b/c it's flat, I can wear gloves over it and don't have to worry about it catching on anything. I'd been searching for an amethyst & silver ring, and finally found the perfect one!!! <end>  Fabulous Ring  I love amethyst. I also need a low profile ring as I am a nurse and don't want to scratch my patients. This is the perfect ring for me. I am so impressed with the color and cut of the stone, the setting and the scroll work. I highly recommend this ring. I just may have to get a few others with different stones. I am going to order one for my daughter. Hmmm, do you think I like this ring, wrong....... I love it! <end>  loved it  I wear a lot of rings, but this one fast became a favorite--it's not just pretty and tasteful, but it's comfortable to wear, doesn't snag clothes or fabrics...the color of the stone is really pretty and the setting sets it off. <end>
 B000IQ6WBW  Beautiful Sterling-silver Oval Locket W/16/18/20/24 or 30 Inch Mirrored Italian Box-chain ||	  Locket  This was purchased as a gift for a friend that really loves it. It goat here quickly and it was packaged well. It's a beautiful locket and I will purchase other jewelry from here. <end>  Love it!  I ordered this locket and it was shipped very quickly and packaged well. When I opened it I was worried that the chain would pull my hair but it hasn't at all. It is very smooth and good quality. The locket is so pretty. I have been wearing it every day and I love to catch a glimpse of it in the mirror. It seems to compliment everything I wear. I also really like that it feels like a warm little egg against my neck after it comes to my body temperature. <end>  elegant  Beautiful little piece of jewelry. Simple, elegant, and beautiful. Would buy again for myself or for a friend as a gift. Cannot go wrong with this piece because it is a simple necklace that can go with work, church or a dress up occassion.Would recommend to anyone. <end>
 B000IQ7P18  Freshwater Cultured Pearl, Black Agate and Mother-of-Pearl Flower Necklace, 18" ||	  BEAUTIFUL!  This necklace is beautiful! The quality is top-notch. The pearls are not perfect, but overall acceptable. I would definately recommend! <end>  Wonderful necklace  I gave this necklace to my 91 year old mother for her birthday. She was thrilled with it. She especially likes the easy clasp (which is one of the reasons I chose the necklace). My mother lives in another city and I have not had a chance to see the necklace on her yet, but she is really happy with it and has gotten lots of compliments. <end>  She loved it...  What more can i say? She loved it. It's even more beautiful up close than in the picture. <end>  My Wife Loved It  Very nice item...my wife loved it.Excellent price and the quality seems quite good. The black pearls contrasted with the white and the double stranded necklace is quite striking. <end>
 B000IQ7P7C  5 Row Dyed Freshwater Cultured Champagne Pearl Necklace with Carnelian and Garnet Beads (7-7.5mm) ||	  Magnificent!!  This is a win-win combination for anyone who loves pearls and gems. The weight on this item is substantial but not uncomfortable when on and you feel regal when wearing this necklace. The dyed pearls give this item such a soft and feminine look and it will go well in all the seasons, complimenting pastels in the spring and bold oranges, reds and browns in the fall. Wonderful necklace!! <end>
 B000IQ9JIA  Sterling Silver White Mother-of-Pearl Flower and Black Agate Earrings ||	  Very nice  I got these for a friend at work as a gift. We have to wear black and white and so she wears these all the time. She gets tons of compliments on them. Very delicate and looks expensive. Get them on sale as I did for an extra 30% off when it's offered and you'll be pleased! <end>
 B000IQ9JJE  Grey Dyed Freshwater Cultured Pearl Hoop Earrings with Sterling Silver Hooks ||	  Beautiful earrings, but a big WARNING....  These earrings are simply gorgeous. They are weighty (as you'd expect with so many pearls), and hence the problem - they did well with the earrings and skimped on the hooks.the earrings are big, but not too big - they make a big impact. I put them on and tossed my hair, and one of the earrings flew off. The bend of the fish hook wires is awful. The gauge of the wire is too flimsy for the weight of the earring, and without a way to fasten these so they don't fly off, you won't have these earrings LONG (they're guaranteed to be lost.)What a shame the makers did such a wonderful job with the earrings and got cheap with the hooks.I'm still keeping them, though. I'm going to replace the cheap wires with sterling leverbacks (you can find replacement leverbacks in s/s for around $2.50 a pair shipped if you google it.)I got the earrings on sale, for less than fifteen bucks, so to me, it's worth the extra 2.50 to upgrade the earrings to the hangers they deserve.I'd recommend them highly - but I'd also recommend you get a pair of needle-nosed pliars and a new set of leverbacks if you want to keep the earrings! <end>
 B000IQ9JQ2  5 Pair Set Dyed Multicolor Freshwater Cultured Pearl Earrings (8-8.5mm) ||	  Beautiful  I got these to give to my mother-in-law. They are really lovely, not too dressy so you can wear them everyday. I'm glad I jumped on them while they were on sale, they'll be perfect for Mother's Day. <end>  Freshwater Pearl Earrings  I LOVE them. When i wear them, i get so many compliments on how good i look with them on. It's amazing. The delivery wait was not long, it was less then a week. And i am COMPLETELY satisfied!!! <end>  Pearls  They were beautiful, nice round pearls, but the colors were off. The black looking one in the picture turned out to be a bright magenta, and the silvery ones looked just like plain white pearls. That was kind of disappointing, but it might've been only me that it happened to. Otherwise, I'm pretty satisfied. <end>  Pretty pearl earrings  I am really happy with this purchase! The earrings came together in an attractive box (perfect as a gift, but I don't want to give them away). They are nice and large on my earlobe and look great. They are really soft to the touch and I like the colors too. <end>
 B000IQ9JTY  Amethyst Stretch Bracelet with White Freshwater Cultured Pearls ||	  Oo-la-la! I adore my purple bracelet!  I saw this on Amazon and couldn't resist the deep purple color. I practically drooled, it looked so beautiful in the picture. The "icing on my cupcake" were the dainty freshwater pearls that complement the amethysts to perfection. Wow! I was hooked! I had to have this bracelet!When I received it, I was so pleased, I placed it on my wrist immediately, twirling around in delight as I showed it to my granddaughter. She rolled her eyes as she grinned at me, but later when I wore it with my nice black suit, she said it was stunning.Another plus for me is that it's a large piece of jewelry, which looks better on my medium bone structure.Needless to say, I recommend it highly, but feel that it would not look too good on a tiny woman; the size might be too overwhelming ... but to each her own.Reviewed by  Betty Dravis, 20081106 Grand Boulevard <end>  amethyst & pearls work  The bracelet mix of colors works well together. The amethyst chips are rounded, and are not annoying nor poking. The bracelet is big looking with all the rows. The stretch is snug on my 7" wrist. Enjoy wearing it. <end>  A great bracelet!!!  Great quality and beautiful color!!!I got one for my sister, my mother and myself.And, they enjoy the bracelet as much as I do. <end>
 B000IQB5DM  4-Row Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Garnet Necklace with Sterling Silver Clasp (3.5-4mm) ||	  Broke  As I expected, the garnets of this inexpensive necklace are full of inclusions. I didn't mind, since a garnet is such a deep, dark red. No one would notice unless they held your necklace up to the light. It comes in a nice velvet blue bag.... Here starts my problem.... The second time I took the necklace from the bag, stones and pearls started falling all over the floor. One of the stands had broken. Sigh. Also, I thought the necklace looked cheap compared to the picture. But you might like it. Amazon is wonderful and easy with returns if you don't like it. <end>  Not the Same?  I don't know but the item I received was the item I thought I had purchased. I knew the coloring would not be the same as shown in the picture. I don't know anyone who shares the same coloring as the white background this necklace is pictured on. The lighting used in you're real life will not be the same.It's a great necklace. <end>  Not exactly the same color or transparency for the garnets  The necklace appears to be well made. The garnets on the item I received were darker and less transparent than depicted in the picture and that was not an improvement in my opinion. <end>  Beautiful  I am very pleased with the necklace, as well as with the service. It arrived promptly and in excellent condition. <end>  pearl & garnet necklace  Very distinctive jewelry. Great value for the price, too. My wife and I both love it. <end>  sterling silver 4-row freshwater cultured pearl & garnet necklace  I looked at the reviews about this necklace before ordering. I found the necklace to be beautiful and as pictured. Glad I ordered it. I think people who order it will be pleased and the price can't be beat. <end>
 B000IQB5M8  Flower Cluster Necklace with 5-9mm White Freshwater Cultured Pearls, 18" ||	  Very Nice  I got this for my wife as a surprise gift. She has loved it and many have made comments on how pretty it is. It is nice in that it is fairly simple but still different than a straight pearl necklace, not heavy, and well made.If you are looking at this necklace as a possibility, I can only say that we have been very happy with it, and my wife likes that it's different than what others have. <end>  Broken on receipt  A strand was broken and two pearls had fallen off when I took it out of the package. I'm returning it for that reason. It's also quite a bit heavier and thicker than I thought it would be. <end>
 B000IQCEOQ  14k Yellow Gold Peach Freshwater Cultured Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  I lost one when I put on the 1st day  This is beautiful earring. But I lost one when I put on the 1st day. <end>  Just Peachy  These are gorgeous!! Unbelievable for the price. Highly recommend this pair to anyone! Beautiful color and lustre on these pearls. The peach colored rice shaped pearls with the small white round looks fabulous! <end>  Gorgeous earrings at a great price!  My best friend bought these for each of us ~ the earrings are fantastic. The small, white pearls are perfect accent to the larger, smooth, pear shaped peach pearls. All of the pearls are luminous. While the earrings look delicate, they're very well made and comfortable on the ear. At over an inch in length, they show up nicely even with long hair. The pale ivory and peach tones are neutral enough to go with many wardrobe colors, and would look especially nice with a cameo piece. For the price, this is a fabulous buy and a fantastic gift! I love them! <end>
 B000IQCESM  Dyed Bronze Freshwater Cultured Pearls and Smoky Quartz Necklace with Sterling Silver Clasp, 36" ||	  Great Fall jewelry  This necklace is great - a little darker than the photo online. It's a perfect fall/autumn necklace. Good quality, great packaging, and it comes directly from Amazon, no 3rd party dealers. <end>  Solid.  Very solid. I wasn't expecting it to be so good. Not chincy at all. Looks good too. <end>
 B000IQCFBS  10 Row Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace on Pink Organza (6.5-7mm) ||	  Beautfiul  This necklace is so pretty. I love how close to the neck it sits. The pink is just as you see it - soft and girly. Love this item! <end>  A necklace that looks a cake of roses sugar!  I received this necklace and when I saw it, the most beautiful memories of my best years of my life, 15 or 18 years old will be returned and it was so sensacional because I am a person that loves to remember the wonderful dates that I lived with my mother and father. And I write more  All my friends here in Brazil loved this necklace because the pink colour of it looks me so wonderful!I indicated for all to want have a different necklace because it is what I described.Thanks for Amazon for this fantastic design. The only that I don't make for you is because you don't shipping to Brasil. I am so sorry about. <end>
 B000IQCFFE  White Freshwater Cultured Pearl, Garnet and Carnelian Necklace with Sterling SilverClasp, 18" ||	  I returned it.  The necklace was nice, but when I got it, there were signs of wear, and rust, looked like "used" to me, so I returned it. The chains tend to mingle up in one another. <end>  Gorgeous...  I bought this on deal and boy I felt like a queen when I put it on the first time. It's beautiful, and eye catching without being overwhelming. It drapes perfectly. The lobster clasp is a little stiff, so it's nice to have some one help put it on. It's well made, the colors are great. The only thing is, it tangles easily. It's packaged carefully so it wasn't too hard to straighten out when I first got it, and I have been very careful to untangle it every time I take it off. It needs to be stored hanging up, I think. Aside from that, I just love it. <end>
 B000IRZEV0  14k White Gold "Key-to-My-Heart" Diamond Pendant (.12 cttw, G-H Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  Beautiful  It was Perfect, my girlfreind loved it she said it was not to big so it was not a burden for her to wear and the pendent looks great. The chain is very thin but otherwise it is a great buy. <end>  What a pleasant surprise!  This dainty and well made 14k white gold pendant's diamonds may be tiny but really sparkle, it's perfect for everyday wear. For such a great price and additional 20% off during Mother's Day special, plus no shipping charge, where else can you find something this terrific. The thin chain that comes with the pendant merely for convenience, no one with the right mind would actually wear it. If you prefer something delicate and not chunky, this one is for you. <end>  Thin Chain will break  The necklace and pendant are stored in a little velvet bag, that causes the thin chain to tangle during shipment. If you try to untangle the thin necklace, it will break. Pendant is pretty, but considering the poor storage device it is shipped in, the price for this item is too high b/c of the risk of the product arriving broken and tangled. <end>  Tiny item and horrible chain.  I admit that the dimensions are listed clearly on the website and that I should have been more careful in ordering an item online but the chain that it came with was just "cheap". It felt like it would break if there was any preasure on it. Needless to say, I was not satisfied with the quality of the item. Although, the pendant itself was not too bad (although tiny), the chain that it comes with is terrible. <end>  14k White Gold "Key-to-My-Heart" Diamond Pendant (.12 cttw, G-H Color, I1 Clarity  My husband bought me this pendant for my birthday and it is beautiful. AIt is smaller than we thought and the loop to go onto the necklace is too small to fit onto another necklace so we will have to get it altered. Still very happy with it though. Michelle <end>  Beautiful  Smaller than expected yet such a sparkling pendant. I would most likely prefer it the size it is now that I think of it. It makes it very cute. <end>  Key-to-My-Heart Diamond Pendant  Great gift for a 15 year old. Very special great quality and size was perfect for a younger age. Fast service. <end>  Girlfriend "approved"  i purchased this pendant as a last minut gift for valentines day. The picture is a bit misleading, because I didnt think it would be so small, and didnt think my other would have liked it! Too late to get another gift, so i wrapped it up and gave it to my girlfriend. She absolutely loved it... There was a 30% off special when i bought it too, so the price was right... thanks amazon <end>  Bling!  I get lots of complements on this pendant. I wear it everyday. I hope to give it away someday... but not now. Whoever gets it (if ever) should consider themselves fortunate, indeed. LOL! <end>  key to a"young" girls heart  Very nice diamonds but purchased new chain right away and jeweler had to make adjustments to get it over clasp ... so all said and done spent about 125.00 more. More suitable for daughter or young girl not mature <end>  lovely  I got it for myself trusting the reviews - and I love it - it's all I imagined it would be and more - love it! <end>  Nice price on a nice pendant  Great price for a wonderful little bit jewelry. I bought one of these to act as a stocking stuffer for my friend. She likes this sort of thing. I arrived the other day and it is absolutely gorgeous! The small diamonds make the 14K white gold sort of pop out at you! To be honest, this is a pretty cheap way of making someone quite happy. you certainly cannot beat the price. <end>  Wow it was nicer than I expected!  I bought this for my wife to give to her on her birthday and she totally loved it. The way the light hits it is wonderful. She has told me that all the gals at work have inquired about it and they love it as well. If your looking for gift that is a little bit different, a little bit off the beaten path this is it! <end>  Key-to-my-Heart Diamond Pendant  My girlfriend loves this, she never takes it off. It looks great to be sure. It is smaller then you might think, maybe a little less then an inch. In my opinion, anything larger would have been big though. Also, the chain that comes with it is extremely thin, easy to tangle, and likely fragile. It is more likely then not to get tangled in shipping. An aftermarket chain (not usually expensive) is a good solution. <end>  the cutest little token of love  i got this from my fiance as a little gift. i love it. it's cute, dainty, and has a little bling to it. i wear it almost everyday. can't go wrong with it. <end>  amazing  At first i wasn't very convinced about the product. and i started reading the reviews of people who had purchased it or have been given to, and all of them said it was lovely or were touched, amazed or something related to it, and all of them were reviews by women. so i purchased it, and when i gave it to my girlfriend, she was amazed. she loved it. thanks! <end>  Wow!  It took me a while to finally take the plunge on this pendant because I would go back and forth in my mind as to whether I should order it or not. I'd read and reread the reviews, take a break then come back and read them again. I've already spent too much on my wife for Xmas but the pendant kept calling to me so I finally clicked the order button. And, I'm really glad I did. I knew the pendant would be "dainty" but it was a little more dainty then I thought but no matter. The pendant is really, really beautiful. Once the sparkles from this beauty hits your eyes you forget about its petite size. The design is unique and something you don't see often. The only thing I don't like about this purchase is not clicking the order button sooner  ) Don't think about it just click it. You'll thank me  ) <end>  won't take it off  I just recieved my necklace and I can't believe how much I love it. This necklace is so dainty and sweet, perfect size and I love how it sparkles. My boyfriend definitly got it right this birthday! The chain is thin, but I really like it too, matches the pendant perfectly. I couldn't have imagined anything more beautiful. I love it and refuse to take it off! <end>  gorgeous  I think this is a rather unique piece.The price also seemed reasonable as well for this pendant.My wife says the necklace is way too thin and flimsy...it 'would probaly break with a hair flip'...this will be replaced. However the pendant itself is wonderful and she loves it. <end>
 B000IS4HIU  10k White Gold Diamond Heart Tennis Bracelet (1/2 cttw) ||	  She likes it  This is a nice shiny gift for those on a budget. I gave this to my girlfriend and while she would like some really big diamonds she wears this thing most of the time and says she likes it. <end>  Great Deal  The stones are small, but it looks very nice, especially for the price. I saw others in the store that were not much cheaper, but even smaller <end>  It is OK  My wife likes it so it is OK. I thought it is very small . The photo fooled me , I guess that was the point. I would call it BB's on thread and would be telling the truth!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Fell right off my arm!  I received this bracelet for Christmas last year, and wore it constantly. It is small, but very pretty. A couple of weeks ago I noticed it was GONE from my wrist. I had not snagged it on anything, I don't do any physical activities, and I was SO SAD it was gone. I tried to contact Amazon with NO RETURNED PHONE CALLS! I believe the gold is so thin/chintzy that the bracelet simply won't last. I expect better quality for this money. I've had $50 bracelets last for YEARS with no problems at all.10k White Gold Diamond Heart Tennis Bracelet (1/2 cttw) <end>  PRETTY  Very pretty, with 9 diamond hearts all the way around (in the picture it looks like there are just 3). <end>
 B000IV4Y58  Amazon.com  Inuyasha Necklace GE-7779  Clothing ||	  It's very eye catching and classy looking  Arrived within 3 days of it being orderedIt is very classy lookingThe image is on BOTH sides of disc!!!!Chain could be a bit better but you can always buy one to upgrade it. <end>  AMAZIIING!!!!!  I absolutely love my new InuYasha necklace, I am a total InuYasha fan and think this is a definite must-have. It is very elegant, just amaziing. (^-^) <end>
 B000IV8Y6I  14kt Satin Gold Dolphin Earrings ||	  mothers day  My mom absolutly loved them and they fitted against her ear perfectly and they arrived on time as amazon always does. <end>
 B000IVB30M  Sardelli - 14kt Polished Gold Satin Two-Tone Heart w/Heart Drop Earrings ||	  Cheap and fragile  I thought I found the perfect gift for my mother for my wedding. However, they lasted one day and fell apart. I was so disappointed and embarrassed that this happened. Though pretty to look at, that is all they are good for. <end>
 B000IVC82E  14kt Polished Gold Tiny Thin Cross Screwback Earrings ||	  Perfect  I don't think you can go wrong with somthing like this. It's exactly what I was looking for - they are small and durrable. <end>
 B000IWMXX2  .30 Ct. T.W. Diamond Eternity Band In 14kt Yellow Gold. Size 5 ||	  eternity ring  diamond stone fell out less than a month after purchase sent ring back <end>
 B000IWTPPG  14.80 Ct. T.W. Cz And Sterling Silver Tennis Bracelet. 7&quot; ||	  Beautiful  I love this bracelet and get nothing but wonderful comments when I wear it. This item was purchased from Amazon.com <end>
 B000IX173S  Katherine's Ornate Silver Brilliant Cut Vintage Pendant ||	  Exactly what I'd expected  This necklace was exactly what I'd expected it to be when I purchased it. Simple, bright and beautiful. Very happy with it. <end>
 B000IXB39G  FOSSIL HONU JEWERLY BOX - KEEPSAKE BOXES ||	  Very nice  This is going to be a christmas gift for my mother-in-law. She loves Honu turtles and even has some nice jewlery of them. It should go well in the new box. It is very nice, not sure of it was worth the cost, considering it is not stone, but I hope she likes to. <end>
 B000IXB968  White Mother of Pearl Bar ID Bangle Bracelet Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  !00% happy  I was very pleased with the fast delivery even though I'm living in Italy. Beautiful braclet,elegant touch with th emother of pearl detail. ~Sarah,Italy <end>
 B000IXB9P4  Black Onyx Moon Bangle Bracelet Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Bracelet  The bracelet has a beautiful design, very delicate. The clasp has come undone accidently a few times, but the design of the bracelet is such that this would probably not cause loss. Still a good buy. <end>
 B000IXKYCS  14k White Gold, Round, Solitaire Lever Back Drop Earrings (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  you get what you see  I got these for my anniversary and I really like them. they are very simple, and have a decent color/clarity... the description is accurate.also they come in a very elegant navy blue velvet box that is inside a navy blue gift box. <end>  Nice gift for my daughter.  We were very pleased with these dainty, diamond earrings. They were the perfect gift for our teenage daughter who doesn't want to be too showy. She loves them and gets lots of compliments. They can definitely be worn for a casual event or for something more dressy. <end>
 B000IXMV9C  10k Yellow Gold Journey Curve Pendant (.15 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Longer Chain  The necklace is absolutely beautiful, all sparkly and bright. One small issue was the chain, wish I could have ordered a longer chain. <end>
 B000IY2556  Happy Birthday with Gift Box, 14K White Gold Charm ||	  I like this  It is a beautiful jewelry, but I used it on a bridal shower party toput the gift envelops, I got many complements.It is worth the price. I recommend it. <end>
 B000IY5EVI  Stork in Heart Shadow Box, 14K White Gold Charm ||	  Vintage Style Charms  If you love a vintage look these are the charms for you! I love love love this collection. Everytime I see one of these charms I'm reminded of my great grandmothers charm bracelet. She wore it everyday and these charms are so similar to hers. If you are looking for something unique and timeless you'll love this. Shipping was quick and the company was soooo friendly! <end>
 B000IZ712W  Clearly Charming Ten Commanments Religious Christian Jewish Faith Antique Silver Bracelet ||	  Very Pretty Bracelet  Oh my goodness, these are just too cute. Thumbs up to whoever thought of this. I am a very spiritual person and when I saw this I thought oh what a good way to stay reminded to keep my abba's commandments. I bought one and when I got it I ordered two more and I plan on getting a few more. They are good as gifts for the believer. Thank you thank you thank you!!! <end>
 B000IZEJWC  Rectangular Satin Finish Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Pretty average  I purchased these cuff links as the first cuff links i ever purchased after purchasing a few more i learned these cuff links arent up to par. The design is dull and very ordinary. <end>  Great gift  I purchased this cuff link as a gift for a coworker in my office, it was a hit. <end>
 B000IZEJWM  Whimsical Black Fountain Pen Enamel Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Not a fan of these cufflinks. Returning to Amazon  I wasn't impressed with these cufflinks. The cufflinks were very small and the details left much to be desired. I decided to return for a refund. <end>
 B000IZO8F0  Sardelli - 14kt White Gold Small Puffed Heart Earrings ||	  Really cute, but they don't stay on  I really love these, and so do my boyfriend. They are really cute, don't irritate my ears, and add class to all of my outfits. The problem is, they come off. You have to make sure the backs are on tight. A few days ago, I woke up and one of them had come off. Since they are so small, they are hard to find. I still haven't found one. <end>  Cute  These earrings are cute, simple, and elegant. I don't give a 5-star because I found the pole to be too short. I have lost the back of my earrings several times before even with longer pole, so losing it this time is not a surprise to me. If you don't mind stocking on some extra backs, or be extra careful on making sure that the back of your earrings are pushed tight against your ears, then this is a great buy. <end>
 B000IZQIFI  14K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond "Journey of Love" Heart Pendant with Chain ||	   )  My husband got me this for my birthday. He ordered it January 23rd and it just came in today, February 10th. But besides the slow shipping, the necklace is very pretty. I love it. The diamonds are very clear and sparkly. It's somewhat small, but what else could you expect for 1/4 ct.? The chain seems like it could break easily. I'll probably be replacing it for something stronger. But overall, I really love it! Guys  This would make a great Valentine's Day present. I'm sure any woman would love to have it! <end>
 B000IZSM02  Sardelli - 14kt Gold Polished Patterned Cross Dangle Post Earrings ||	  14kt Gold Endless Hoop w/Small Cross Earrings Sardelli  One of the reasons I don't like buying jewelry on line is because you can't see the sizeBut that's my fault for ordering themI bought these to give to my neice for ChristmasThey are a lot smaller that what I thought they would beAs a Christmas gift for a young girl, they are OK <end>
 B000J013B6  10k Yellow Gold Citrine Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  Not too Bad  I have purchased jewelry from Amazon in the past so i had no hesitations about this purchase. I ordered this and some earrings to match. I was pleased with the earrings and felt thhat they were well represented in the pictures.....this necklace to me was not. Im not a person that you can say "diameter 11mm" and I get it tell me "size of a dime, size of a nickel etc" The stones are lovely and well matched but the actual pendant is the size of a dime. The chain is very fragile looking and and i have trouble fastening it with the tiny ring for the clasp. i was afraid that i would break it soon, I usually wear silver jewelry which has more generous chains but it has stood up to my pretty tough wear requirements. I have also noticed friends wear gold necklaces w/pendants and they seen to be the same type of chain. This is my birthstone and was priced very well so i am pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B000J013C0  Sterling Silver Open Square & Black Onyx Dangle Earrings ||	  Cute, but light  Bought these to match a more expensive Tiffany necklace. Cute, but a little light in substance. <end>
 B000J013CA  Sterling Silver Open Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  great item  love the pendant. delivery was on time and item was in advertised condition. <end>  Nice piece!  I purchased this for my 20-year old niece and she seemed really thrilled when she saw it and put it on right away. The chain look a bit too thin for the charm however. But with the price Amazon was charging, it was a great deal! <end>
 B000J02GUI  10k White Gold Sapphire & Diamond Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  The Picture Doesn't Do It Justice....!  After many trips to local jewelry stores and then deliberating over which one to choose from...I wasn't statisfied with the choices....Amazon came to the rescue once again.The Sapphire & Diamond Circle Pendant was beyond "better" than what I had found locally...the sparkle of the sapphire stones is eye-catching; the heaviness of the mounting is so substantial; and the size of the diamond was bigger than I expected. I am excited to bless my oldest daughter with this for Christmas 2006...so excited that I'm giving it to her early that she can will be able to wear it for the actual day we celebrate with the whole family.My daughter's favorite stone is sapphire; my birthstone is diamond. This makes a definite statement of how much we are connected in our "circle of life, love and faith."I do not regret this choice one bit...and I'm sure future buyers will appreciate it as well, it definitely makes a statement! Well done! I am thankful to the manufacturer of this new heirloom and for Amazon providing the great service to acquire it! <end>
 B000J02GVM  Sterling Silver Open Square Dangle Earrings ||	  A unique look!  These earrings met my expectations when I received them. I was worried that they might be thin and somewhat weak by looking at the picture, but they are very well made and not at all flimsy. I am a big fan of Amazon's jewelry and the only thing I could hope for with these would be a matching necklace, unfortunately it's either out of stock so that I can't find it or one doesn't exist. All in all, they're a great set and a great look.Updated 9/26/08So I didn't find a perfect match, but I did find something that I think goes well with these earrings. Check it out Sterling Silver Multi-Square Double Chain Pendant, 16"I've also added a image of me wearing these. <end>  They're just "okay."  When I first got these, I wasn't all excited about it and actually debated about returning it since it didn't hit me with the 'wow' factor. It's much smaller than I expected, and much lighter than the other pieces I bought from Amazon.However, after holding on to it for a bit, I slowly let it grow on me  the design is unique, and the earrings are just as pictured and described. Nicely contrasted, circles and squares. They are very light and very comfy to wear all day long.They are also small enough not to stand out too much, (especially great when you're trying to bring more attention to say a nice pendent or something that you're wearing) but at the same time, it 'hides' in my hair, so I like to wear this pair when I pull my hair back.Unique, and well made, and for the price, a real bargain. <end>
 B000J02GWQ  Sterling Silver Geometric Bib Necklace, 16" ||	  Dainty and Interesting on the Neck  I found this too delicate for myself, but it was such a great bargain that my friend bought it from me immediately upon seeing it around her own neck. It is just as described, rather lightweight, adjustable in length, and each circle is soldered. A very well made piece of jewelry tht is not extraordinary, but attractive nonetheless. <end>
 B000J03NLO  Sterling Silver Open Squares Link Necklace, 18" ||	  Looks great  Looks great on my wife. The chain is solid so we don't have to worry about it falling apart...perfect length. Great looking, simple design.Definite recommned. <end>
 B000J03NMI  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Diamond Accent Bangle Bracelet ||	  Great Product. I gifted this to my wife on our anniversary. Condition and Price. Great Read and quick shipping  Great Product. I gifted this to my wife on our anniversary. Great Price and quick shipping <end>  Great buy and very elegant  I have not been able to find any bracelet as well made as this one anywhere. I have worn it to Europe and in Asia and women are always trying to buy it from me.The vermeil is excellent and has not worn off unlike the 22 and 24k vermeil. I wish I could find more bracelets like this one. <end>
 B000J0DPM6  Pave-set Cubic Zirconia CZ Designer Key Pendant - Chain not included ||	  SO PRETTY & TRENDY...YOU WILL LOVE THIS PENDANT!!  If you are looking for a quality key pendant, look no further. This is a gorgeous piece and comes with a very nice chain as well. It is not to big but not small either. It is the perfect size for those of us who cant afford to buy the real thing. The stones and size of the pendant make it look so real and you will receive compliments while wearing this. At this price, you cannot go wrong. <end>
 B000J0JNYA  Live Love Laugh Bracelet ||	  Beautiful  I couldn't have been more pleased with a bracelet. It's much lovlier in person, not that it isn't already.   ) <end>
 B000J0VQ54  Silver Hoop Earrings ||	  I was bluffed!!  I saw the beautiful earrings on the net and decided to buy them, along with some other stuff. When my package came home they were nothing like the picture, I don`t know what happened but a pair of plain hoops was what I recieved... <end>
 B000J1C0A8  Sterling Silver Beaded Teardrop Earrings ||	  Looking Good!  These earrings are really a lovely pair. They don't look cheap or inexpensive. The quality is above par! <end>
 B000J1C0HQ  14k Yellow Gold Open Byzantine Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  Disappointed  When I received the bracelet it seemed very nice. After wearing it for approximately two weeks, there are two places on the bracelet where there are broken links. I did not break through completely, but I just think the open byzantine design is definitely something to avoid. <end>  Too Long  The description stated that the bracelet was 7.25 inches and when it arrived it was actually 8.0 inches. <end>
 B000J1C0IU  14k Yellow Gold Circle Pendant, 17" ||	  great purchase  Love the necklace. It looks great! I wear it all the time and it hasn't lost its' shine. Recommend purchase. <end>  Great item  This necklace is great. The circle is exactly what I was looking for. The chain is a bit too thin though,but it works just fine. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  This pendant was exactly what I was looking for. Just the right size. Classic piece that can be worn with jeans or business attire.Fast delivery also! <end>  Gold circle pendant  Beautiful necklace and got here very quickly. The necklace made a very nice gift. <end>  wow!  I ordered the circle necklace for my daughter for christmas. She normally wears silver or white gold, but she loves this necklace! it's simple, shiny, and very noticable. great price and quality. <end>
 B000J1F9QA  Sterling Silver Filigree Circle Dangle Earrings ||	  Great earrings for any occassion  I received these earrings for Christmas and they are really delicate and beautiful. I love them. <end>  Unavailable  I got the necklace that matches these earrings two years ago and wanted the matching earrings, but for two years they have been unavailable. Would not have gotten the necklace if I had known I would never be able to get the earrings to complete the set. Very disappointed. <end>  Lovely and well-made  Although a little smaller than I thought they would be, these earings are beautifully made and easy to wear. I get compliments on them every time. <end>  Nice piece  I purchased this necklace for my wife, and it's nicer than I expected it to be. She loves it, and it's definitely a little different. Nicely made and a good value. We like it so much that I bought the earrings to go with it. <end>
 B000J1F9S8  Sterling Silver Geometric Pattern Pendant, 16" ||	  Eye-catching, well-made, and gorgeous  Need I say more? I ordered one for one for my mother for Christmas and another for myself, and I'm so glad I did! The pendant is unusual, modern, and fashionable.If this item becomes available again, I will snap up several as gifts for friends (with the matchingSterling Silver Small Cushion-Shaped Drop Earrings, for a polished, put-together look), even if I have to pay full price--something I almost NEVER do! But it really is that lovely. <end>  original  i didn't manage to pick this up for the discounted price, but i feel lucky all the same. it is so different and just the right touch for a casual outfit. Really, this necklace is great! Better than i expected, and the reception is terrific. <end>  Lots of compliments  ThisSterling Silver Geometric Pattern Pendant, 16"is much more substantial than I ever expected! I STOLE it for $18 on a special deal. I wore it today and both my BF and Husband really liked it. I thought of giving it away as a gift to my sis but my husband said to keep it for myself and buy my sis a gift card instead &lt;G> The double chain is not as obvious as in the picture - but very nice. The pendant is very shiny and eye-catching(over 1.5" long x 1" wide). It also has a big enough chain hole that you could easily change the chain to a leather cord, silk cord, omega or other chain. <end>
 B000J1HDEQ  Sterling Silver Children's Diamond-Accented Heart Pendant, 14" ||	  Nice little necklace  I bought this for my two-year-old daughter because it was pretty enough to make her feel special and inexpensive enough that I wouldn't have a heart attack if she lost or broke it. For those purposes, it's very good -- tiny, but so is she. ;-) I got it on sale, so it was a pretty good value -- just don't expect sparkling, huge, clear diamonds. <end>  Perfect for my Princess  I bought this for my 3 year old daughter, who is just starting to get into jewelry. It is tiny, but absolutely perfect for her. It is also very, very sparkly - the diamonds are not dull, as I was afraid they would be for the price. It'll be a perfect Christmas gift. <end>  Very Sweet  I bought this for my to-be niece as a flower girl gift. She's 4 and loved it.. Though she didn't wear it for the wedding. It was a nice and affordable gift that can be saved for the next generation, or maybe to give to her brand- new baby sister. <end>  OK pendand - for a little girl  I bought 4 of these to give to my nieces as christmas presents and I will probably only be able to give 2 maybe 3 of them to the kids. The chain is really small, and I don't think that it will be large enough for my 10 year old niece (who is the oldest). For the younger ones, I think that they will like it because it does have real diamonds. [...] <end>  ADORABLE for little ladies  I was going through my heart necklaces prior to Valentine's day to deter my husband from getting me yet another one, and my 3 year old daughter comments sadly after her brother grabs his cross necklace "Mommy, I don't have any necklaces." It was so sad.I saw this at 60% off and was ordering something else anyway, and got the free shipping deal. At 10 bucks it couldn't be beat.It's adorable. She'll be getting it in her Easter basket to wear for church, and it's a perfect size for her. There's also an extender so she can either wear it longer, later in her future years, or put on her dolls when she gets older.I've added photos at the top, hopefully will add one of my daughter wearing it on Easter soon <end>
 B000J1ORGS  March Aquamarine Color Boy Child Baby Birthstone Italian Charm ||	  Adorable  This charm is so cute. I think it is perfectly sized to fit on the charm. I saw something similar to this on a different site, but this one was cuter and the other one was much more expensive. <end>  wow!  Received our order in a timely manner. Needed to add to order and called Amber Suttie who was very helpful, courteous & took care of my additonal order. I have ordered many items from Amazon & always have been very satisfied w every order. I would definitly recomend them. Thank U Amber for all u r help!! Linda L, Welsh <end>
 B000J2KWES  Sterling Silver oval shaped Turquoise & Coral flower ring ||	  well worth it  Beautiful ring. The size is perfert. I get complimented all the time. Well worth it! <end>  Amazing  I got this ring as a gift and it was perfect. She loved it and gets complements on it constantly. The size and shape are great. <end>
 B000J2KX6U  Sterling Silver Oxidized Square Reconstituded Coral Ring ||	  Silver Speck quality remains the best!  Sterling Silver Oxidized Square Reconstituded Coral RingSilver Speck continues to offer consistently high-quality, beautiful jewelry. I have ordered from them for years and they are true .925 silver, do not tarnish, and are always heavier than I expect.Thank you again, Silver Speck! <end>
 B000J2KXVA  Spiral PINK Flower Simulated Diamond Silver Ring Size 7 ||	  Beautiful  I gave this to my sister for a Christmas present. She loved it and wears it all the time. Very Beautiful. <end>
 B000J2KYIC  Silver GENUINE BLUE TOPAZ oval twist border Ring Size 6 ||	  This ring's a keeper  I was happy with this ring when I saw it. The blue stone is not too light, but I'm sure you could find darker blue topaz out there. The size of it is just as I expected, but I do wish the band was a little thicker. I wear it on my middle finger and the band looks just a little skinny. <end>
 B000J2M3X6  Silver Square PINK Sapphire Simulated Diamond Ring S10 ||	  Don't Buy  I'm 20 years old, and I bought this ring as a promise ring for my girlfriend. At first it was beautiful, and there were no problems, but she has had it for a little over a month and it has given her such a bad rash that she has started bleeding. This is not real sterling silver and looks poorly made. I would definitely never suggest anyone buy this ring. <end>
 B000J2M4AS  Sterling Silver Five Band Marcasite Ring w/ Shooting Stars ||	  marcasite ring  A very pretty sparkly ring. I would like it to have been just a tad smaller, but a good value overall. <end>
 B000J2O5UU  Sterling Silver Simulated Tanzanite CZ Baguette Ring ||	  bad quality  The ring is very different and I liked it until after a week it broke at the bottom of the band in the middle. I had worn it three times. Seems its bad quality and I guess it always goes back to you "get what you pay for". Needlesss to say I will not be purchasing from silverspeck again. <end>
 B000J2O65Y  .925 Silver CITRINE GREEN Simulated Diamond Ring S10 ||	  everyone was jelouse  I loved it the ring came fast and it was bigger then I thought. I wore it to work the next day and everyone one asked where I got it. Its so pretty and I'm glad I got it. <end>
 B000J2O6EK  GENUINE PERIDOT JADE Silver Round Green RING S10 ||	  Something different.  Very happy with the service from Silverspeck again.Also very happy with the ring. The jade stone has been ground to a slightly flatter shape than the rounded shape as depicted in the photo, and the colour of the jade stone is slightly lighter than depicted, but it still has good depth. These differences don't really detract from the ring as a whole; it's still an attractive ring with an unusual design.I'm also very happy as it matches my "Riches from the Orient" silver jade and peridot bracelet perfectly. <end>  A very pretty ring  The stone is lighter than the picture, and is beautiful. The little peridot stones sparkle nicely. I love this ring. <end>  Beautiful & High Quality Ring  The Jade in this ring was a lighter color than pictured on Amazon.com. However, I was impressed by the lighter Jade color. This is a well-made & stunning ring. I am delighted that I purchased it. <end>
 B000J2O6UY  24k Gold Vermeil/Silver 2 Tone Basket Weave CZ Ring S6 ||	  Wow! what a surprise  I ordered this ring just to see what it would look like, not expecting much for the price. I just received it, and wow! am I surprised. I can't believe how pretty it is, how much the CZ's sparkle. You'd never guess the price of this ring by looking at it, it truly looks like it cost 10x as much! I'm very pleased with this purchase, and I can't wait to show this ring off to my friends and watch while they guess what it cost. <end>  Got the job done  I purchased this ring as a simple band to work in and wash my hands and not harm my patient while lifting, and that's is great , but it looks very nice, andim pleased <end>
 B000J2O6YA  Silver Pave Cubic Zirconia Filigree Ring size 7 ||	  Beautiful  This is a really nice ring. I am actually wearing it today. Sparkly and eye catching. Doesn't look cheap. <end>
 B000J2O70I  TRI COLOR 24K Gold Vermeil Heart Leaf Ring Size 6 LOVE ||	  Bad Ring loose his color in one month  i bought this ring for my girlfriend when came the color was great but in less than month loose all the color now the ring looks very bad without gold color look like another metal. <end>  pretty for a little while,  The ring is charming and pretty, but the plating wears off fast. This is, apparently, not a ring to be worn every day, I have a gold heart with two nickel leaves and a barely visible cz. It was a gift, so I still treasure it, but I'd rather save for a better one next time. For the price, its about what I expected. However, its disappointing when the plating wears off. <end>  Very disappointed  This ring looks great, but it turned my finger black! I have bought other black hills gold rings without problems. I would not recommend this product to anyone. <end>
 B000J2O73U  Tri Color Vermeil (Gold over Silver) Dolphin Family Ring ||	  Dolphin family ring  I bought this ring as a replacement for one my husband bought me about 10 yrs ago. I love the ring, the only problem was the tri- color on the ring did not last long, but I still love it and wear it all the time. <end>  Stinks  the ring was Beautiful when It showed up Within two weeks all the gold had worn off. <end>
 B000J2ODES  Genuine Tiger Eye, Carnelian, Aventurine, Amethyst, and Rose Quartz Chip Stretch Ring ||	  Meh  I liked the idea, but it wasn't pulled off well. The ring is cool looking, and the thought when ordering it was that I'd place it on between two silver swirl bands I already have. But the ring is bulky. And it's not stretch at all and I have BIG hands. Matter of fact, it's too big and doesn't fit tight to my finger at all, so I'd need my swirl band to keep it on my finger anyway. But I do love the stones in it, and for what I paid for it, I'm not upset. It is what it is. <end>  Didn't Fit  The ring is huge - was surprised considering it was supposed to be a stretch-ring - cannot wear it - very disappointing <end>
 B000J2Q0BM  Silver .925 Large SPRING GREEN Square Ring S10 ||	  Amazed  This is a nice ring but small not "large" as stated. The color is a very light shade. <end>
 B000J2Q1O8  24K Gold Vermeil Simulated CZ Mens Ring Size 10 ||	  Gold CZ Mrns Ring  the ring was just as stated in the description . looks good , i love it. the gold looks more expensive and the 9 cz stones look like real diamonds <end>
 B000J2Q1XE  Silver GENUINE GARNET twist border oval stone Ring S6 ||	  Stone flatter than picture  The stone is actually flatter than the picture shows. When I wear on the finger, the light is pretty much blocked out so the stone looks pretty dull and dark without much redness. It is not as nice as I expected. It's kinda ok type... <end>
 B000J2Q1YI  Silver GENUINE GARNET stone bali bead Heart Ring Size 7 ||	  Nicely Done for the Price  The heart with the stone and metal beading is 11mm wide and 12mm long. The stone is a little bit on the orange side, but when I wear it, it looks red. A nice ring for the price. <end>
 B000J2Q1ZC  Silver GENUINE BLUE TOPAZ twist border Heart Ring S6 ||	  Decent sky blue topaz ring for a low price  I am a fan of genuine topaz. They are very pretty to look at, and hard enough for everyday wear (8 on the hardness scale out of 10). When picking a ring, I prefer topaz over various quartz or garnet (7 on the scale) for this particular reason. After going through a lot of search results in Amazon Jewelry with my pros-n-cons analysis, I ordered this ring, along with a oval pendant from Silver Shake. The total is around CAD. 22 dollars.Here is my report  The actual ring that I received is not 100% identical to the one in the photo. The twisted border of my ring is visibly bigger than that shown in the picture. Although the center stone is indeed in the heart shape, the twisted border is not. The blue colour of the stone is not as intense, but that's okay. It reminds me of the icy calming blue of a genuine aquamarine, which is also nice. The price is still good after adding the shipping and handling fee onto the bill. It would have been twice the cost if I were shopping in Sears or the Bay. Taking into acount all factors, he bottom line is  I like this ring. <end>
 B000J36HD2  18kt Gold Over Sterling Silver HOOKED ON U Heart Bangle Bracelet ||	  birthday present for Denise  She loved it and I have not heard anything negative about this piece of jewlery. <end>
 B000J387SA  CZ WEDDING RINGS - 1.25 Carat Princess Cut CZ Wedding Set ||	  Pretty ring  This set is pretty and true to fit. I wash my hands a lot daily at work, and they didn't turn nor did the plating wear off. The only drawback is that over a few weeks, they began looking dull. Of course, for CZ's, they were okay. <end>
 B000J3VI7C  3" Long Hook Earrings with Antiqued Brass-Tone Cascading Flower Shaped Filigree Metal Discs ||	  Bigger than I thought  These earrings are very unique and nice. They are a lot bigger than I thought. They seem bigger than the three inches but maybe because of the width. Very nice to dress up a pair of jeans and a blouse for a night out. <end>
 B000J3YHI4  NFL Dangle Earrings ||	  Houston Texans!  If you are a Texans fan, or know any ladies/girls that are, these are perfect!They are not too big, not too small. Perfect size! <end>  nice  I bought several of these earrings as a gift, and they really are cute. They are a good size not too big or too small. <end>  Very nice Cowboys earrings - pretty and seem to be well made  Our daughter was born in Dallas and, though my company has moved us around a bit, she has remained a die-hard Cowboys fan all her 20 year of life. Each Christmas we pick a couple 'Boys trinkets as stocking stuffers for her, and these just arrived today for that purpose.These earrings are very nice looking and they are just the right size for her; she is about 5'3" and 110 lbs, and these earrings are about 3/4 inch across (from farthest star points) and hang about 1 1/2 inch from the bottom of the loop (or whatever you call the part that goes through your ear). Would have been very disappointed if they were big plastic earrings and am glad they are not.As for the reviewer concerned about the California Prop 65 warning label... well... it seems that California finds it pertinent to let us all know that eating these earrings might not be beneficial to ones health --- so I recommend not doing so.Back on a serious note; these earrings look nice, feel nicely constructed, and are tagged as official NFL gear. I like 'em and she will to.Recommended if you or yours is an earring-wearing Cowboys fan too. <end>  Super cute  I just got these in today and already put them on. They are excellent quality and were an excellent price <end>  great  these are beautiful earrings that give the wearer a way to represent their team year round without the need for a big jersey! <end>  Love it  Fast shipping really like the earrings they are just like the picture I can't wait to wear them For the next game <end>  You get more than you pay for  I couldn't believe how nice these earrings are for under$10. The shipping was a little much for something so small but it still is a great product. Also I have sensitive ears and this does not cause a reaction. <end>  Texans fan looks great on game day  Loved the Houston Texans earrings! Very detailed and received tons of compliments. Great color, actual logo and looks fan-tastic. Deal. <end>  Cute earrings  Although these are really cute earrings, I didn't realize that the emblem was plastic. However, for the price, I can't complain. I still wear them to games! <end>  what you see is what you get  They are a bit small. Maybe a half inch-3/4 tall logo but I expected it. I got them for my lady, who is sensitive to metals used in jewelry, and they don't irritate her skin. She loves them. <end>  My wife loves these  My wife was very pleased with these. As these are earrings, I'm not sure why I have to write 20 words. They are earrings, and my wife likes them. If you're a Cowboy's fan buy them. <end>  Great Quality  I got these for a gift for my mother who had lost one of her original earrings that she got at the new Dallas stadium a few months ago. They are the exact same kind and quality for a fraction of the price. I believe she paid $20 for them at the gift shop in the stadium! These were great quality and shipped fast! <end>  Not intended for children under 12?  Overall, these earrings are what you'd expect. Look good and perfect for Cowboys fans (I'm not, but my wife is). The one, somewhat unsettling thing is the Legal Notice on the packaging 1) This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.2) Not intended for use by children under 12.What, are these made from lead or something? My guess is that the warnings are intended only to those people who are dumb enough put the earrings in their mouth, but still . . . <end>  good product  Good product, I love my earrings. My only complaint is that they shipped them in a plain old regular letter envelope with no padding. Luckily, the earrings arrived in one piece with no damage! <end>  not bad for the price!  I saw these ones and immediately thought of a friend who's crazy about the Dallas Cowboys and also has quite an earring addiction... I thought they would be quite big cheap plastic-like earrings but I ordered them anyway... I was pleasently surprises (and so was she) because they are nice, metal earrings with enamel colors, not the cheap plastic thing I was expecting... on the downside they are a little small (a little smaller and they would be little girl's earring).. but overall really nice, you can't get that quality from wally-world or other stores lol... <end>  cowboy fan  These earrings are perfect for any Dallas Cowboys fan, or not. They're light-weight and very comfortable. Even when it isn't football season you'll enjoy wearing these stars. <end>  Dallas Cowboy Dangle Earrings  These earrings were a gift for my oldest daughter, a crazy Cowboys fan. They are really cute and not at all cheap-appearing, given the great price we paid for them. They are a nice size as well. Delivery was immediate. Another hit for Amazon.com. <end>  Cool earings  These earrings look really good and my wife likes them a lot. They are just like they look in the picture. <end>  Gift  This was a gift for the wife she's a Dallas Cowboy fan, and I'm an ATLanta Falcon fan plus!!! I'm deep into the sports world as a fan, so I figure with buying all my teams items I would buy her a few items... I recommend it to sports fans... It is a nice gift to have, go FALCONS!!! <end>  Adorable  I love the Dallas Cowboys and like to show it. The earrings are cute and just what I was looking for so there is absolutely nothing I dont like about them. Any females that want to show some spirit for the Dallas Cowboys I would recommend them  ) <end>  Always ON  Since i bought these earrings i have yet to take them off, even if they don't match was i am wearing! I LOVE THEM! <end>  Lo q esperaba  Se los compre a mi esposa para que los usara en el cumple de nuestro hijo, no los usara mas, para el evento fueron perfectos <end>  Let's Go Steelers  Perfect for that Steeler fan in your life. Good colors and good quality. Priced right and shipped fast. What else could you ask for? <end>  Chrustmas Gift  This was a Christmas gift for my sister! She was grateful and surprised. Item was early and in good shape. <end>  Browns earrings  Christmas gift for my wife. I was hoping that they wouldnt look cheap, but they actually look nice with good detail. <end>  TEXANS FAN  I love these earrings, super cute and just what i was looking for. Great value for the price. Shiny silver and bright colors. <end>  Steeler earrings  Ausome! My wife looks great with them on and all of the other gear I've gotten her. It completes her Steelers outfit to a T. <end>  very nice  these are very nice. not cheap looking at all. my only complaint is the length of time to ship (3wks). they did arrive as agreed but i just had hoped they'd arrive in time for christmas since they were intended as a gift. but on the bright side, since they were late i get to keep them for myself! <end>  Perfect!!  The earrings came on time and look exactly like the picture. My daughter loves them. Not a cheap material, just right! <end>  Wearing them and loving them.  Very lightweight and has my team logo swinging at my ears! What more could I ask for? We are Division Winners and going for the Super Bowl! <end>  Earrings are nice  I bought them for my 12 yr daughter but they certainly wear well on me too. It's a nice talking piece around Redskins fans. They had to admit they were nice too. <end>  awesome  I do not understand the on cowboy love, but the item was a perfect christmas gift. Also arrived early and as described. Thank you! <end>  Quality earrings!  These were quite reasonably priced and the quality is great - thank you for a great product at a fantastic price! <end>  My ear stars  When I am in my Cowboys attire I can now have my stars dangling from my ears. It matches my Dallas Cowboys dog tag necklace perfectly.I would have liked them to be a little more dangly but they are OK in my book. <end>  HUGE FAN  I love these earrings. Great quality, but not too heavy. I get compliments or complaints all the time. Of course, being a cowboys fan that is the way it is. NO PROBLEMS THOUGH, I CAN TAKE IT AND HAVE FOR LOTS OF YEARS. <end>  Detroit Loins Official Logo Earrings  Earrings are a gift but I sure liked them. A member of my family is a Detroit Lions fan.As a matter of fact because of her I bought a Detroit Lions shirt. My dad was fromMichigan. <end>  Great buy  Cute, and inexpensive for something with an official hologram NFL label. I think I will buy a few more as small gifts, the quality is very good. <end>  Bronco earrings  Being a BIG Bronco fan I was thrilled that my husband gave me these for Christmas. They are much nicer (better quality) then any we had seen. <end>  Awful  It's been over a month and I have not received my item. I only put one star because it wouldn't let me put zero. <end>  great earrings!!  great earrings!! loved them very much! Excellent quality-can't say enough about how nice these are. I would definitely recommend this site. These made great Christmas presents <end>  gift  were given as a gift to chief fan. first time for her getting another teams earrings. now to get her to wear them <end>  Christmas  I bought these for my mom who is a huge Cowboys fan. She loves them and wears them all the time! <end>  A star for a star  I like these earrings and I wear them a lot. They came earlier than expected. People ask me where I purchase them. They get a lot of notice. <end>  earrings  Brought two pair. I will wear them nexy season. They look great and I will wear them with proud. Need a necklace to match. <end>  Cute  I purchased the dangle earrings but received earrings with a post. They are cute, but I would rather have had the dangle style. <end>  Appreciated  Given as a Christmas gift to my daughter who liked them but her male counterpart really liked them. He's the fan of the Cowboys. <end>  Love it  Love this product. I Have sensitive ears and these do not bother me. Would recommend to any Houston Texan fan <end>
 B000J40UCU  Sterling Silver Freshwater Cultured Button Pearl & Agate Dangle Earrings ||	  Pearl & Agate dangle earrings  These are very pretty and I wear them alot. I thought the price was very reasonable for them too.Sterling Silver Freshwater Cultured Button Pearl & Agate Dangle Earrings <end>  Nice colour, but larger / longer than expected  The colour turned out better than pictured. But the round disc pearls on the end turned out to differ in size and colour a little too much.Overall the earrings were a little larger than I expected. <end>
 B000J40UDY  14k White Gold Blue Topaz & Diamond Ring, Size 5 ||	  Lovely ring  I got this ring for my right hand- just an impulse buy on a day when they had a great sale. It was delivered right away. It is a little bigger than it looks- and a little bulkier. The blue stones in my ring are very pale blue. But it is a very pretty ring and I felt that at the sales price I paid, it was a bargain! <end>  beautiful rng  I have to get it resized but it's really beautiful and I'm glad I bought it. <end>
 B000J432KC  Small Stainless Steel Gothic Cross Stud Earrings, 3/8 inch High ||	  Small Stainless Steel Gothic Cross Stud Earrings  These are very nice earrings. I was worried that they might be too small but they are the perfect size. I'm very happy with this purchase. <end>  Awesome in every way  Mmkay ... it's always so much easier to complain, lol, than it is to say good things.Simply put, if/when I get earrings from Amazon again, IT WILL BE FROM SABRINA SILVER. They were exactly what I wanted, exactly as described, a very good price, and they came quickly. Not that I was on a deadline, but if for some odd reason I had been, it would have been okay.THANK YOU!!! <end>  good earrings  this is a very beautiful earrings, and it is perfect for me. It is smaller than what i think but i still like it so much, i think if it is sterling sliver, i will like it more! <end>  Sturdy and Cute  I purchased these to wear in a second piercing toward the back of my earlobes, but the post is mounted toward the top of the cross making it extend below the ear. At first, disappointed, I considered giving them away, but when I inserted them forward in my first piercing, they are so cute I decided to keep them. These were purchased with the heart earrings sold by the same vendor and look great worn together.These are not "delicate" crosses because the steel is a little chunky, but I think this will ensure long-lasting wearability. They are highly polished and very noticeable, though small. <end>  Sturdy and Fashionable  I bought these as a gift for my son (one ear pierced so he always has a spare. They are very sturdy and a good size for a younger person possibly an adult as well. <end>  Beautiful!  I love these earrings and have not taken them out of my ears since I got them. They are great and absoulutly beautiful. I highly recommend buying them. <end>  cute  looks just like in the picture,long post in the back,just what I expected when I ordered it. <end>  Cross Stud Earrings  Great product, girlfriend loves them. They shine in the light perfectly and are just the right size <end>  steel is great  I got these earrings and several other stainless steel ones from Sabrina Silver. They are small but very cute. My daughter has a problem with anything but gold and stainless steel. She loves these earrings and no problems with rashes on her earlobes. But I did buy them for her...oh well I guess I will have buy more. <end>
 B000J432KM  Small Stainless Steel Lightning Bolt Stud Earrings, 3/8 inch high ||	  Ouch!  Lightning bolts are cute. However, the posts are LONG! So long that I have to take them out whenever I lay down because they stab me in the sides of my head. Had I known that before, I never would have bought them! <end>  great earrings  These earrings are definitely worth buying; I was concerned they might be too small before I got them, but they're a cute size. They look great with studs if you have double pierced ears, and the material is a plus if your ears are sensitive to some metals. The backings of the lightning bolts are also longer than average, so your ears get plenty of room. I can't think of any negative aspects about the product, so I give it 5 stars. <end>  Fun  These were meant to be fun, and succeeded. My 18 year old son even liked them. I guess that makes them cool as well as fun. Also low priced. <end>  Sturdy  These bolts are pretty thick (but not overly thick), so i know they won't fall off the post like previous lightning bolt/star earrings i've owned.They look great with just about anything, and they're absolutely perfect in the higher hole, if you have your lobes pierced twice. <end>  love em but...  These earrings are pretty. I like the way they look, but the longer posts poke me constantly. When the earring turns in the piercing, the stud looks more like an anvil than a lightning bolt. That started an interesting conversation. All in all exactly what I was looking for though. <end>  Love!  I really love these earrings. They came on time and i actually bought a replacement pair when I lost them because I loved them so much. Great buy and great seller! <end>  Simply love these earrings!  My ears are sensitive to most metals so I find it difficult to find things that suit my style. These earrings are simply perfect. They came package well and shipped fairly quickly. Thanks so much! I shall purchase from this seller in the future. <end>  Perfect.  I looked every where for this product. It was either too much or won't ship to Alaska. This was the perfect combo of both. <end>  Love these earrings  My husband bought these for me and they were shipped very fast and the earrings are adorable!! I am very happy with them. <end>  Cool tiny earrings  I bought these along with the 1/4 inch star studs from the same seller and they came 2 days earlier than the expected date which is awesome! Some reviewers said they were very long and sharp but for me, I don't think that's the case. I measured them with stud earrings from Claire's and they were the same size. They're very true to picture and size and are adorable. They're tiny so they go perfect with double or multiple piercings. The package said made in China though, so I suspect they won't last long even though they look brand new and sturdy, but for the price, it's well worth it. Awesome buy and seller. <end>  Love  These are very pretty and shiny, not cheap looking. They also fit perfectly as a second piercing.Do need to be taken out at night because they are pointy! <end>  Very cute studs!  I bought these along with the tiny skull studs and love them. I received them extremely fast which I was very pleased with. Considering piercings my ears a second time so I can wear these and the skulls together  ) Very cute. <end>  Nice  These are good quality studs that are just the right size. They are also stainless steel, so they are hypoallergenic. The backings are a little long and they did poke me a little when I lay down, but they were easily trimmed with a wirecutter. <end>  Good  The earrings are very nice, they have long post which is good for me because i have big earlobes.Fast shipping tooThe only thing i dont like is the box, its very cheap box and not sturdy. When it came in the mail the box was squished. <end>  Cute but sharp  I bought these because I thought they would be perfect to just keep in my ears for days at a time. I have several peircings in each ear so its easiest to not have to take them out all the time... but these star points are EXTREMELY sharp, theres no way I could keep these in over night, I did once and woke up with red rings all around the earing...so I dont even bother wearing them... <end>
 B000J4AO8U  Inspirational Life Message About Forgiveness Silver-Tone Charm Bracelet ||	  Gift  This item is beautiful and fits perfectly. My mom loves it and wears it every day. <end>
 B000J4DCS4  Sterling Silver Bezel set Blue Lace Agate Slide/Pendant ||	  Not the item pictured  The pendant is very pretty, but it does not resemble the photo at all. The pendant itself is 19x16mm, not the stone, and there is a large "frame" of silver beyond the bezel. The pendant is shown with a box chain; I received a plain link chain. It's difficult to find a dainty blue lace agate pendant and I am happy with this one, but the picture is of an entirely different item. <end>
 B000J4DDJC  Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot Horse Shoe Pendant ||	  August surprise  I bought this for my daughter's birthday. She's a peridot; very fussy about her jewelry & a horse owner/lover. This was PERFECT! She was thrilled because it is so dainty, yet the stone is good sized & very clear. She really loved it. I have purchased jewelry from this site often & have never been let down. <end>  Very pretty  I was very satisfied with this necklace. The stone is very bright and shiny. The setting is very delicate. Very nice!!!   ) <end>  great necklace and pendant  The product detail didn't say that it comes with a chain but I was pleasantly surprised that it did. I really liked the quality of the pendant!! <end>  Beautiful!!  This is a beautiful piece. The peridot is larger than I expected and the setting is very simple...it can be worn with a casual outfit or a dressy outfit. I am giving this to my sister-in-law for her birthday and I think she will LOVE it!! <end>
 B000J4DIII  Sterling Silver Marcasite & Mother of Pearl Diamond Shaped Locket ||	  Its real prety, but....  Unfortunately the clasp seems a little flimsy for me. Every time I open it I have this feeling it is going to break and fall apart at any second, for the price, yes i was expecting it to be more sturdy. But it is definitely pretty. <end>
 B000J4DKS6  Sterling Silver Reconstituted Red Coral Stone Bali Beaded Oval Pendant ||	  beautiful  This necklace is exactly as shown and described. Really pretty piece for anyone who likes the color red. I have ordered from silver speck many times and they have quality merchandise and very quick delivery. <end>
 B000J4DKT0  Badminton Racquet Sterling Silver cz Sport Pendant ||	  great gift  While the product and service were as expected I am beyond irritated by AMAZON MARKET PLACE and will not shop with them again! The constant birage of requests for reviews of the same product are beyond irritating. I hardly think that getting what you pay for in a timely manner requires my congratulating the seller for doing EXACTLY WHAT I PAID FOR!!! I would suggest to this seller that if they ever want my business again LEAVE AMAZON! <end>
 B000J4DNC4  Sterling Silver Adjustable Braided Toe Ring ||	  definitely NOT sterling  having received this product a little less than a week ago, i was surprised to discover that when i went to take it off, my toe had turned a nasty shade of grey green everywhere the ring had been in contact with my skin...now, i am no jewelry expert, but i do know two thing (1) sterling silver should never turn your skin any shade of green, and (2) real sterling is imprinted somewhere on it with "925"...after a thorough inspection of this and all items purchased from silver speck, i have not found a single 925 anywhere on any of the pieces...do not be fooled! this ring is not sterling. period. <end>  CUTE RING  This ring is really cute and looks just like the picture shows. The item came quickly and was as expected. I recommend this ring to anyone who is looking for a Celtic look. <end>
 B000J4DNEC  Sterling Silver Filigree Open Heart Toe Ring ||	  Open Heart Toe Ring  Love, love love, this toe ring, I wear it every day. Feels and looks good. <end>  heart toe ring  I received this product in a timely manner and it was packaged very well as not to damage the product. This was exactly what I ordered. <end>  Nice Toe Ring  This is a nice little toe ring for the price. When I first ordered it, the wrong itemwas sent. But once I returned it, I did receive the correct one very quickly. I dowear it almost every day, and it seems durable. <end>  LOVE  This toe ring is adorable. I get tons of compliments on my toe ring and love wearing sandles to show it off. <end>  toe ring  I have had this a while and is still in good shape. I l;ike silver because it is more durable than gold. <end>
 B000J4DNGU  Sterling Silver Toe Ring with Channel Set Dark Blue CZ ||	  Beautiful blues to brighten summer toes.  This is one of several toe rings purchased from the same maker, and they are quite spectacular. The material is nice and heavy with enough give to adjust. I have small toes, and this fit perfectly. The stones really sparkle, and the blue color, which is actually lighter than pictured, goes with most bright summer attire. <end>  Add a little spice to your life, and a little dazzle to your feet!  Toe Rings are fairly new to the West, but they have been a part of women's fashions elsewhere for millennia. Men find women's feet sexually exciting, especially when they accessorized with high heeled shoes, and open shoes can be made further enticing with the addition of toe rings.This toe ring is nice and elegant, with excellent eye quality. Its silver and tiny stones sparkle and really come to life. Combine this nice ring with some dangly crystal earrings (like Loot Blue Stacey Swarovski Crystal Earrings!), and a pair of Hilton Black - Multiple Ankle Strap High Heel shoes!I highly recommend that you add toe rings to your jewelry ensemble. Add a little spice to your life, and a little dazzle to your feet!(Review of Sterling Silver Toe Ring with Channel Set Dark Blue CZ) <end>
 B000J4DQ44  Sterling Silver Bracelet with Turquoise & Tiger Eye Stones ||	  Great bracelet!!  I picked this bracelet out and put it on a list for my husband to choose from for me for Mother's Day. I absolutely love it and have received many compliments. The combination of tiger's eye and turquoise is interesting and beautiful. I have not taken it off (literally!) in a month and have had no problems with the clasp or with it not being sturdy. It's a winner! <end>
 B000J4DQ8K  Sterling Silver Tanzanite & Clear CZ Infinity Bracelet ||	  Beautiful  I bought this bracelet along with several other tanzanite jewelry for prom and it is just beautiful <end>
 B000J4DQA8  Sterling Silver Bamboo link Bracelet ||	  nice looking but poor locks that they open & loose it.  I liked it but after wearing it , I lost one for poor lock that I kept my eye on it but I lost it. <end>
 B000J4DQCQ  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Greek Key Bracelet ||	  Lovely, but finish fading fast  Love everything about this bracelet, but after a few short weeks of occasional wear, I'm already noticing that it is looking less yellow gold and more white gold. Still lovely, and good quality, just not the finish I wanted. <end>
 B000J4DQDA  Stunning! Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) fashion Designer link Bracelet ||	  BRACELET LENGTH  The bracelet is beautiful but I took a chance ordering with no length info.It is 7 1/4" long and I prefer 7 1/2" , but rather than returning it, I willgive it as a gift and be more careful in the future. <end>
 B000J4DRPW  Genuine Amethyst Nugget Silver Bali Bead Bracelet ||	  broke apart immediately  I bought three of these- one for myself, one for each of my daughters - and ALL of them broke within 1 week.TERRIBLY MADE PRODUCT.Very pretty, very disappointing. <end>  Difficult to clasp bracelet.  The amethyst nugget silver Bali bead bracelet is quite attractive, but it was difficultto fasten on the recipient, who has a small wrist. <end>
 B000J4DRS4  Genuine Tiger Eye, Carnelian, Aventurine, Amethyst, and Rose Quartz Chip Stretch Bracelet ||	  Love it  Great bracelet for a great price. Ive gotten many compliments on it.The stones are beautiful and it is very comfortable to wear. <end>  good quality  i paid 3 bucks for it,and i love it,it stretches,holds up well to eeryday use,nice enough to wear on a date,and it's got several strings holding it together,seems sturdy.iwill buy more for friends. <end>  disappointing  I liked the look of this bracelet from its pics - the actual product was poorly made - the holes in some of the chips weren't placed properly so some of the chips were sticking out and in less than a week the bracelet burst - it was a very disappointing purchase from this seller - I always purchase stuff from this seller and have never encountered any problems before. <end>  genuine bracelet  Very nice. I wear it all the time with other bracelets it works well with my other braceletsPrice was right too. <end>  Beautiful colors and such a low price!  I have several of these bracelets and just love them! Where else can you get real stones in a stretch bracelet for such a low price?! What a deal! The colors in this bracelet go with everything and look good with other silver bracelets too. Great for small gifts for friends. <end>  Great Gift Idea  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000J4DRSY  Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot Oval Stone Link Tennis Bracelet ||	  Peridot bracelet  Bracelet ordered for a Christmas gift with the recipients birthstones I thought it was pretty... she seemed to like it <end>
 B000J4DRW0  Sterling Silver Pink,Lavender, Dark Pink,Light Yellow, and Light Green CZ, Simulated Amethyst CZ, and Simulated CZ Chunky Multi Color Colorful Tennis Bracelet ||	  beautiful sparkly bracelet  Recently bought this. Its well made solid clasp and looks just like the picture. Its a heavier wider bracelet on the wrist and so it stands out. A good purchase. <end>
 B000J4DS74  Sterling Silver Genuine Green Jade X and Oval Bracelet ||	  Worth Every Penny!  I ordered this bracelet as a gift for someone who picked it out for themselves. When I received it, I was very pleased with how well it is made and the raziliance. This is a heavy weight, durable item that I just may purchase for myself. 5 stars <end>  Looks sort of cheap  Silver part is obviously painted. This bracelet is not bad, but it really does not look as good as the picture makes it out to be. I am not even sure if the jade is real. If it is real then the cheap setting is at least making it look fake. <end>  Good stones, Poorly made  The jade used is very pretty. But the clasp won't close properly and it falls off all the time. I wouldn't buy it again. <end>  A match to my earrings  ) quite lovely....  Amazon is my go to place! I don't have to fight the crowds and I just let my fingers do the walking. The return policy is wonderful too! Easy sneezy! <end>  Shiny sterling and jade bracelet  If you like your bracelets with sparkle, this is one for you. The jade is classic pale green, and the sterling is very polished. Light weight sterling, not a heavy gram weight to it. <end>
 B000J4DSCO  Summer Filigree Butterfly Link Sterling Silver Tennis Bracelet ||	  I was expecting...  a bit more smoothness... Anyway, it came in a little blue bag. It was a gift for my girlfriend..I hope she will like it. <end>
 B000J4FCQY  Sterling Silver Bold polished Lavender Cats Eye Slide/Pendant ||	  Larger than anticipated  It is pretty, but rather large. I was going to wear it directly on a choker around my neck, however, I now have to wear it on a very long chain <end>
 B000J4FCVY  Sterling Silver Filigree Turquoise Cross Pendant ||	  Dainty cross  Have had numerous compliments on this cross. It's so dainty and pretty. I am glad I purchased it. <end>
 B000J4FDJK  Sterling Silver Vintage Abalone Pendant ||	  The necklace was perfect!  I ordered the necklace for my mother. She loved it. I looks great on her. I didn't realize we were getting a chain along with the pendant, so that was just an added bonus! I would order from this company again. <end>
 B000J4FDSQ  Sterling Silver Simulated Tanzanite CZ Cross Pendant NR ||	  Much smaller than I thought  I should have looked at the size specs before I bought this. It is very tiny. I never would have bought it if I knew it was so small. Overall though it is very pretty just wish it were a lot bigger. <end>
 B000J4FK3O  Sterling Silver Marcasite & Lapis Diamond Shaped Locket ||	  MARCASITE LAPIS LOCKET  I was looking for a locket for a present but I didnt want the lockets that you see all the time I wanted something different and wasnt over my budget. I came across this sterling silver diamond shape genuine marcasite lapis locket and liked it. It was very different so I went and ordered the item and when it came in the mail I was very surprise the size it was,the picture doesnt do it justice. The locket was BIGGER then what I thought it would be and much more prettier.The person that the present was for LOVED it,it was a very nice surprise for all.Thanks again!! <end>  beautiful...  i love this locket, it's gorgeous... it really should be on a heavier chain than the one that came with it but, i already had planned for that anyways because i was under the impression that it did not come with a chain but mine did... =) <end>  Great gift!  My mum is a picky lady and this worked out perfect! really nice design, better in person than in the pictures. incredible piece. I'm tempted to order one for myself <end>
 B000J4FKI4  Sterling Silver Aquamarine CZ Briolette Ball Drop Necklace ||	  Ok  This Product came in ok standards was not what I thought and the Chain was so short it would fit around a babys neck <end>
 B000J4FMR8  Sterling Silver Genuine Faceted Onyx Stone Oval Pendant ||	  She loved it  I bought this as a birthday gift for my girlfriend. She really loved it and it was a great size for the price. <end>
 B000J4FMT6  Sterling Silver Filigree Hamsa Hand Pendant ||	  Great  I bought this almost a year ago. I wear it everyday.. It has not tarnished I love the size of it and its still so beautiful! I would DEFINATELY give it 5 stars  )! <end>  I Love This Necklace  I haven't taken this necklace off once since it came. It's absolutely beautiful and everyone wants to know where I got it. It's much sturdier than it looks and can handle wear, which I appreciate. I would definitely recommend this item. <end>  Sterling Silver Filigree Hamsa Pendant  I have had this hamsa pendant on my wish list for months. This month, I finally purchased it. It is bigger than I expected--actually, it is exactly the size that the description says, but I didn't believe it would be that big. It is approximately as long from heel of hand to longest finger as a quarter. I was not sure whether it would come with a chain, and it did.This is a beautiful piece of jewelry, possibly the prettiest hamsa I've seen. It would be a great gift for someone. I am completely delighted with my purchase. <end>  Love It !!!!!  This Hamsa is so pretty, I have received so many compliments. Would highly recommendThe size is perfect,not small and not oversized, just perfect!!!!!Love it, Love it, Love it. Thanks Amazon...... <end>  Special gift  I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my sister along with another Hamsa pendant. The expected arrival date was supposed to be after Christmas but it arrived on Christmas Eve. It looks even better than the picture and the quality was excellent. I was extremely pleased with it and my sister absolutely loved it! I will be happy to purchase from this vendor again. <end>  Very Nice Hamsa Pendant  This will be a nice addition to your selection of Hamsa pendants. Excellent quality and fast delivery. <end>  love it!  I ordered this for myself.It arrieved EARLY and in great shape. I wear it daily,mpst people have no idea what it is so i get a lot of comments o the "uniqueness" of it lol. <end>  Very nice gift.  This was a gift for a very important sister of mine. She loves it and wears it always. Great price for the quality. <end>  beautiful  i really love this charm. it's a nice size -- bigger than i expected (but not too big). very happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000J4FMUA  Sterling Silver Genuine Amber Twisted Silver Border Oval Pendant ||	  very nice  This product looked about the same as the picture. Usually amber has some kind of air bubble or dark inclusion, but the one I received was more or less clear. The setting is very pretty and sets off the stone well. The chain is a bit flimsy, but for the price, it's completely adequate. <end>
 B000J4FMZ0  Sterling Silver Twisted Silver Border Genuine Variscite Stone Oval Pendant ||	  Disappointing Quality  I just received this in the mail today and the pendent's quality was not what I expected at all. It appears too much glue was used during manufacturer, leaving glue visible between the silver border and the stone, on the edges on the stone itself, and all around the backing. Glue is clearly visible when looked at from both the sides and straight on, and was the very first thing I noticed when taking it out of the package.The twisted silver border is far larger and more prominent then it appears in the product image making the stone appear much smaller. Not a good thing when the entire pendent is smaller then a dime. The stone itself is a nice mint green with a very light the marbling effect that is only noticeable when viewed from very close up. The pendent also came with a good quality silver chain. Very disappointing since the product image is so lovely, but I will be seeking a refund from Silver Speck. <end>
 B000J4FPK2  Sterling Silver Daisy Flower Filigree Toe Ring ||	  Nice toe ring. Fits well  I really enjoy my toe rings. I think this one fits well and is comfortable to wear with or without shoes. it is cute and fun to wear. UPDATE four weeks after first putting it on, it broke in two pieces. alas, you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000J4FRLE  Sterling Silver Heart Link Bracelet ||	  Very cheap looking  This is a very cheap looking bracelet. The charm isn't too bad, but the bracelet although quite "chunky" is very light. It certainly isn't sterling. Feels like aluminum. It's suitable for a child who's likely to loose or damage it but not for an adult. <end>  Sterling Silver?  Supposedly sterling silver; however, when I had the heart engraved, the engraving 'popped' out indicating it was probably not sterling silver.... <end>  OK.....  THE BRACLET IS SIZED SMALL AND THE HEART STARTED TO LOOK OLD AFTER A WEEK <end>  Excellent quality!  This is a fantastic bracelet. I never take it off. Very sturdy and very pretty. <end>
 B000J4FRPK  Silver Heart Enamel Ladybug rolo link Anklet/Bracelet ||	  Bugs on a bracelet...  Nice bracelet, although it couldve been painted a little neater. It ended up doing the trick either way. <end>
 B000J4FSMM  18kt Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Tennis Bracelet ||	  Very pretty  I absolutely love this bracelet. I got it as a birthday gift to myself. It looks very expensive and the stones really stand out. You can wear it alone or along with your watch. I would recommend this product to anyone who's looking for a nice piece of jewelry to wear when you have special evening plans...such as dinner parties , weddings, etc. <end>
 B000J4FSSG  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Bracelet ||	  Good Buy  Very good value for money, particularly with the current exchange rate! Nice matching stones. First order of jewellry from Amazon.com as I am in the UK, but very happy with quality and speed of delivery. I would use both the vendor and Amazon.com again. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  I bought this for my stepmother's February birthday last year. She loved it. It looked so good on her with her snow white hair. <end>  Twice as nice  I bought one of these from Kohl's and I broke it falling out of a truck (clutz, I know) and looked everywhere for another one. I can't wait to recieve it. I just hope it isn't pale like the other reviews say! My first one wasn't. <end>  Very pale, not like picture  The stones on this bracelet are extremely pale, more pink than purple. I ended up returning the bracelet because I have amethyst jewelry and it was extremely poor quality. <end>  Amethyst bracelet  The bracelet was stiff at first but wearing has loosened the links. The stones are uniform in color, pale purple.....go very well with lavender colored clothes. Sweet. It arrived VERY quickly! <end>
 B000J4FT7Q  Sterling Silver Half circle Design Bangle ||	  You get what pay for  It is very pretty, no disappointment there. But it is a bit more "fragile" than what I expected. In fact, it can be opened and closed it is so thin. I am not sure if that's a good thing...I'm waiting for it to snap.But still, very pretty and it's not plastic...so I should be able to get some wear out of it. <end>  Good bracelet  Beautiful bracelet. I like that the cuff is adjustable as I have a freakishly small wrist for an adult. however, it does seem to be a bit bottom heavy so it end up flipped around most of the time, requiring adjusting on my part. my only other mild complaint is that the first day I wore it, it ended up having a little chunk taken out of it. But it's still decent for the price. <end>
 B000J4FT9E  Silver Genuine Onyx beaded Necklace w/Heart Pendant ||	  After 2 years, I still love it!  I've had this necklace for about 2 years, and still recieve compliments each time I wear it. I will say, though, that the heart doesn't always stay on the "side" that I fasten it on - I'll think I've put it on with the plain side facing out, and it flips around during the day. It's lovely though! <end>
 B000J4FT9Y  Sterling Silver Turquoise Beaded Bracelet ||	  bracelet  its a bit smaller than i thought it would be... but its very pretty... thank you <end>
 B000J4FTS0  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond CZ Bridal/Wedding Flower Bracelet ||	  pleasantly surprised  i bought this bracelet for myself for my wedding. i bought it to match '1928' bridal set of necklace and earings. it goes really well, very good quality and very beatiful, nice price. i think people will think it's real diamonds in white gold, it's elegant, understated and yet sprinkly enough to shine. i love it! <end>
 B000J4FU3O  Sterling Silver Created White Opal and Genuine Diamond Accent Bracelet ||	  Great Buy!  This bracelet is much better looking then shown in the picture. I wear it everyday even in the shower and it still sparkles! Well worth the money! I absolutely love it. Would make a great gift for someone too! <end>  Nice but not what I expected.  I think this bracelet is very nice. I was not expecting the opals to give off such an orange glow. I will keep it and wear it with something more orange. I would reccomend it to anyone who loves orange. <end>  Decent for the price  This is a decent cheap opal bracelet. It is very pretty, but there were a few drawbacks that I had.-You can't really see the diamond accents as they are very small-The latch on mine had problems and wouldn't come apart. I had to do some modifications to make it work.-I gave this to my girlfriend as a gift and she wore it EVERYWHERE. She never took it off for anything. After 4 or 5 months, one piece of the latch just fell off and disappeared, rendering the bracelet useless. I am impressed with how long it held up, actually.Conclusion  For the price, it can make a nice little gift for someone. Just be aware that there could be a few problems. Try and treat it nice to prevent problems like the one I bought had. <end>  Sterling Silver Opal Bracelet  Was purchased as a gift and was very well received. The quality of the bracelet was great and it was beautiful as well, <end>  Women's Bracelet  I purchased this bracelet with a matching necklace last year for my sister as a Christmas gift. The bracelet broke one month after she received it. Took it to the jewelers to get it fixed, ended up costing alot to be fixed. Not happy with product and will not purchase this kind of jewelry from this vendor. Shipped quickly. <end>  Wow!  First of all, these do look like simulated opals, so be forewarned about that. But for $29, this is a lovely bracelet. I am wearing it now and have worn it often since it arrived. It goes very well with my white gold and silver jewelry, as well as with my white opal pendant. <end>  LOVE this bracelet  I bought this bracelet for myself for my birthday a couple of years ago and have received many compliments when I wear it - especially from others enjoying birthdays in the month of October.Buy this bracelet - you won't regret it.Sorry I did not write a review much sooner. <end>  Love it!!!  I adore this bracelet!! It matched my other light opal pieces very well (a small gamble since opal does vary in color). It is well made with a secure latch. There are more opal than silver links. The opal is good quality, but the diamonds cannot be seen without careful examination. Based on the picture and price, I was not surprised by the small diamonds. I kept going back and forth on buying this item, but I am so glad I did! You could wear it to a wedding or with jeans. Great bracelet!!! <end>
 B000J4FU52  Sterling Silver Filigree Leaf Simulated CZ Bracelet ||	  Wish I could give it no stars  This bracelet is extremely rigid and has no flexibility at all. It actually broke before I even had a chance to wear it. However, when I contacted the company about a refund, they actually responded to me fairly quick and issued me a full refund on shipping and paid for the return shipping so I was pretty happy about that. Wish the bracelet was better quality, but at least they gave me a refund! <end>
 B000J4FU7A  Sterling Silver Bee Bracelet ||	  Cute little bees  Nice little bracelet. You don't see as much bee jewelry as you do things like butterflies. This is more of a childs piece, however it looks very niiice. <end>  A present.  I bought this as a birthday present for a friend of mine. She said she loved it. <end>
 B000J4FUF2  Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot and Jade Bracelet ||	  pretty but not worth the price  I bought this because it looked so pretty and had such good reviews. However 10 days after it was purchased it broke. Not made very well for a bracelette, the metal pc that are the connections are way to thin & fragile. Its VERY light!!!! Wouldnt advise purchase of this <end>  Stunning  This is such an unusual piece of jewellery, it is simply stunning and I love it! <end>  Pale green and gorgeous!  Really pretty jade and bright green peridot bracelet. Only issue I had was the clasp didn't feel really secure and I was worried it would slip off and bust on the floor. Going to get a new clasp on it. I'd still buy it again though it's so pretty. <end>  Lovely Piece`  After returning other products that I just couldn't confidently gift, I ordered this bracelet. The peridot and jade look lovely together and the colors are stunning in person. The latch worked well and I'm excited to present this for an xmas gift. <end>  Just as depicted  This bracelet looks just as it does on-line. The jade pieces are all matched in that delicate shade of green and the peridot's are nicely set. The silver settings are shiny bright and unmarked. A delicate and unusual looking bracelet. I love it. <end>
 B000J4FUIO  Red Genuine Sea Bamboo Coral Chip Stretch Bracelet ||	  very pretty  color on my monitor is not same as picture it is a much deeper red, however it was better than expected. Expectations  you should realize what you are paying before being critical. Love the packaging from Silverspeck, store never disapoints me <end>  sea bamboo coral stretch bracelet  I am lovin this stuff, so much so I ordered more for myself and friends. will, no doubt, order more in the future too! The stretch is what makes it perfect for everyone <end>  BEAUUUUUTIFUL  )  First, you've got a REAL thing, CORAL, not plastic. I love the certain sound all three of these bracelets makes around my wrist; a solid sound. Also, being real, they have a tad weight to them. I dared order all three bracelets upfront, keeping my fingers crossed. I'm very happy i dared! They are truly beautiful, deep red in color, goes with anyting I wear (I wear these bracelets along with my 18k narrow bangles; they are perfect altogether  ). Perfect fit for my 6 & 1/2 wrist size. Also, quality is excellent in strong stretch elastic (been wearing these since Christmas 2010; and I'm an active lady and these have not snapped; I wait not  )). I'm also a fan of Silverspeck. They are prompt in delivery (arrived before Christmas 2010; inspite of my ordering late, 12/19th! Also, I love that these 3 bracelets came in separate velvet pouches (ideal to gift separately, if you choose). Thank you Silverspeck, and thanks Amazon for screening your vendors  ) Happy 2011 to everyone. <end>  Too small  The specification of the bracelet did not indicate that it would be that small, I thought it would be wider. <end>  Lilly  Very happy with my purchase, get a lot of interest by friends the colour exactly as depicted. Comfortable to wear. Thank you. <end>  Coral Bracelet from Amazon  I love the new Sea Bamboo Coral bracelet I bought before Christmas. It matches a ring I have, and they made me feel very festive. Thanks Amazon! <end>  christmas gift  My co-worker loved this gift and matching earring that came with the gift. It was reasonable and helped me to stay on budget. <end>  Purchased this to complete the necklace and earrings  Nice little braclet the makes a good compliment to the necklace and earrings. Great to wear with black outfits. Inexpensive. <end>  Love it!  Great bracelet for a great price. Ive gotten many compliments on it.The stones are beautiful and it is very comfortable to wear. <end>  VERY PLEASED CUSTOMER.  I WAS UNSURE OF THE QUALITY WHEN I MADE MY PURCHASE. I ONLY ORDERED ONE BIG MISTAKE !!!!! I LIKE IT VERY MUCH. I WEAR IT TO WORK AND MY CUSTOMERS LOVE IT. <end>  Bang for the buck. Cheapest gift you will find online.  I read the reviews and I had to give it to a bunch of girls in my family. I ordered 10 of these and it arrived in good packaging and on time. Everyone liked it and for the money, this is a great gift. If you are looking to distribute it for a large crowd, this is very affordable. The stones are attached to a stretchable rubber band. One size fits all. <end>  Love'd it!  Loved it so much had to buy more! Color is excellent fun to wear.Shipping was fast, thank you <end>  devastating marine life only for vanity?  It is very pretty but it is unbelievable sad marine life is at danger only for vanity purposes such as jewerly <end>
 B000J4FUXO  Genuine Amazonite Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Amazonite bracelet  I was very pleased when I saw this bracelet. It is even more beautiful than the photo. I bought a Lapis one also and it was just as beautiful. This is a good size bead for a bracelet and the color is gorgeous. <end>
 B000J4FV1A  Genuine Aragonite Stone 8mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Simple and Beautiful!!  I love genuine stone...the color is rich and pure! I absolutely love the bracelet it is beautiful and simple. I love the softness of the color and how it looks against my skin. <end>
 B000J4FYLW  18k Gold over Sterling Silver Black and Red Enamel Ladybug Bracelet ||	  Ladybug bracelet  This is a very sturdy and affordable little bracelet. Wear it all the time next to my watch and it looks great. Have seen similar bracelets in 14K gold for hundreds of dollars. This is a GREAT choice for the value <end>  looks GREAT  looks awesome and arrived very quickly.Price was nice and it made for an awesome little gift for the fiance...she loves it. <end>  Cute but sophisticated with a 70's vibe  This is a very nice bracelet. It definitely does not look like it cost only $42. The design is stylized, so it doesn't look like a kiddie bracelet. The colors and design give it sort of a 70's vibe. I like it a lot. It is somewhat difficult to put on, like all bracelets with lobster claws. <end>
 B000J4FYQC  Sterling Silver Three Bangle Bracelet Set ||	  Sterling Silver Thin Triple Bracelets  Am very happy with the product. Other than being a bit surprised that they were hooked together (not as I'd imagined, but not necessarily bad), they're exactly what I was looking for. Other products that I'd purchased elsewhere had tarnished. These are looking great! <end>  Simple & Delicate  This 3 bangle bracelet set does not come connected together, which is just the way I like it; playful, simple, small bangles, which makes them versitile enough to accent any outfit, wheather you wear all at once, or singly, but the recipient will most likely want to wear them all together-I was delighted to get these as a gift, and would recommend it an appropriate gift for anyone who appreciates sterling. <end>  Sterling Silver Three Bangle Bracelet Set  I am very disappointed in this product! There is a piece added on the inside of one of the bangles which is very sharp and scratches my arm. All of the bangles have cracks on the "silver" which is supposedly identified on the above-mentioned added piece. I did appreciate the information that the bangles were connected. I would not order from this vendor again. <end>  Beautiful Bangles  These bangles are beautiful. Mine came linked together, which limits the versatility of this product. However, for my purposes it does not detract at all. They have a nice, musical ring when they move on my arm. <end>  BANGLE ELEGANCE  I love my 3 bangle bracelet set and have had so many compliments when wearing them along with my silvertone watch. I like the effect of the three being connected together yet giving the effect of being three separate bangles. The set is a lot lighter weight than I had expected, but certainly a very good value. <end>  Love it  I loved the bracelets so much that i ordered a second set. it matched my expectation of the item seeing. The shipment was fast and the style that I loved . <end>  bangle  /It was a good price, I had look everywhere for one, however it was not! as advertized it look like a toy went it can and did not fit even a ten year old.I returned this bangle last week and have not! got credit back on my card yet. If the product is returned promptly then so should the money be returned quickly. First thing from Amazon that I have ever gotten and I was happy with. Roxann /1-9-2013 <end>
 B000J4FZ52  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Purple & Clear CZ Teardrop Estate Bracelet ||	  Bracelet  Product was of good quality. It was accurately described. Provided good value for the price. <end>
 B000J4FZ84  Genuine Black Swarovski Crystal and silver bead Choker Necklace ||	  Beautiful Choker  Beautiful black crystal choker with silver beads between each crystal. I like how there is no latch to fuss with when you are putting it on or taking it off. Product comes in a lined pouch to protect it while being shipped. Delicate yet durable. Beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Review  Necklace is ok for the price. If I had seen in person would not have ordered. <end>  ok for price  Unfortunately it wasn't what I was expecting. I'm not a fan of chokers that are set on memory wire. Very pretty but uncomfortable to wear. Elastic string would have been much better. <end>  Good product, good value  My wife had been looking for some choker necklaces for some time in retail outlets and there really was not much out there except for some gothic-styles at your typical stores. Iron Crosses, skulls and demonology isn't to her taste apparently. I suggested we go to the internet. Amazon, as usual, partners with some pretty good resellers.I was able to find a few necklaces that I thought she would like, this is one. I purchased two more of differing styles from a UK company that were more money and I find the quality of this one to be equal but for a lower cost.I don't often bother to write reviews but as a husband trying to take care of his beloved wife I thought this review may help another man out there take care of his special someone. <end>  Broke the first day.  The necklace was pretty but it broke the first day I wore it. The beads started falling everywhere. Had I not been home I would not have been able to recover them all. I was able to use super glue to fix it but I was disappointed at the quality. <end>
 B000J4FZOI  Sterling Silver Genuine Tiger Eye Chip Stone Necklace ||	  Beware! The neclace did not look anything like the photo.  I received the necklace in a timely fashion and it was not expensive, but the necklace I received did not look anything like the photo of the necklace I thought I was buying. It was green and white stones not brown tiger eye stone. I don't have the time to spend sending it back, so sadly I will never order anything from Amazon again since it was quite disappointing to receive something I did not really order. <end>
 B000J4FZW0  Sterling Silver 4mm Simulated Pink Coral Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  This and three others perfect!  I bought four of the 15-19" necklaces from Amazon--two genuine stones and two simulated stones--and all four came just as pictured and described (beautifully vivid colors). The necklaces hang even, the beading is secure, and the lobster clasps are easy to use. They are exactly what I wanted. Thank you SilverSpeck and Amazon! <end>
 B000J4GFJ2  Silver Baby Carriage * CHARM for bracelet ||	  pretty  I bought this for a bracelet in honor of my new grandson. I love it. I will order again in the future. <end>
 B000J4GFOC  Murano glass circle Flower Pendant ||	  Murano flower pendant is sure to please  This lovely Murano pendant is similar to ones I've seen in Italy. The colors are pleasing and the workmanship excellent. Only criticism is that I had hoped it would be a bit larger. <end>
 B000J4GFSS  Sterling Silver Dark and Sky Bue Enamel Butterfly Pin ||	  Very elegant  I love the way this butterfly compliments my bussiness suit. It gives it a warm, colorful and playful tone. Very very cute and finely crafted. <end>
 B000J4GOKM  Sterling Silver Genuine Emerald and Genuine Diamond Accent Open Heart Pendant ||	  Almost perfect  I received this as a present. I absolutely love it but people should know that it is not exactly like the photo of it shown. There are only 2 diamond accents not diamond accents all around the heart like the picture suggests. although it is very hard to tell this unless you are looking closely. Other than that the chain is thin and it is very beautiful I love my gift. <end>  Not too bad  Too small, so called diamonds are barely seen. Dissapointed, but for this price it's ok to own couple of emeralds. <end>
 B000J4GR9K  Sterling Silver 4mm Faceted Genuine Onyx Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  .Looks better than it is.  I was very disappointed with this purchase. It looked very cheap. I returned it, however, this won't stop me from shopping at Amazon.I received a refund for the purchase.Just want you to know that this is the first time I was not happy with a purchase from Amazon. I have shopped them many times and was always completely satisfied. <end>
 B000J4GRF4  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Onyx Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  Onyx Stone Set (bracelet, earrings, necklace)  Pricing reasonable for the product. The necklace and bracelet are fine. I lost both earrings first time I wore them. I think I needed to bend the wires a bit to make them less likely to come out. I've never had that problem before with this type of wire hook type earrrings. <end>
 B000J4GWGS  Sterling Silver Aquamarine & Clear CZ Square and Circle Tennis Bracelet ||	  Pretty jewellery  Truly elegant. Well crafted. Admired by family and friends. All amazed at reasonable price. Very pretty, translucsent light colour stones, settings and guards immaculate. So well designed and finished.Worth every penny, excellent service from Amazon.com. Double guard for safety, excellent feature. Will buy more from this company. <end>
 B000J4GX80  Aristocratic Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond and Amethyst cz Teardrop Tennis Bracelet ||	  Beautiful bracelet, not so beautiful clasp  What a beautiful bracelet! What an ugly clasp! The amethysts are gorgeous, CZ are aparkling, the teardrop shape is very flattering on a wrist. But I could not get over the ugly clasp! One of the teardrop shapes ends short at one end of the braceletand that is where it connects to the other end of the bracelet forming not a very attractive sight. I had to return it, I like everything to be neat, and may be even perfect, too. <end>
 B000J4GXBC  Genuine Rose Quartz Stone 4mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Junk  This is a junky, cheap looking piece of c..... The only thing it would be good for is the trash. It looks like something you would get out of a bubble gum maching. <end>  Dainty  My daughter gave this to me for my birthday, among other items. I love pink and especially rose quartz. This bracelet is very feminine. The beads are tiny, but that's part of the charm of this bracelet, in my opinion. I tried pulling it apart, thinking I may have to re-string it, but it's solid and would not break. I pulled it very hard. I highly recommend this darling bracelet. It's perfect for small, petite wrists !!! <end>
 B000J4GXDU  Genuine Lapis Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Looks good, fits better  This bracelet is deep blue in color and the fit is perfect because of the stretch. Sometimes a bracelet won't fit a small wrist and falls off; not this one. <end>  Lapis stretch bracelet  I purchased this for my mother who had a stroke and lost the use of one side of her body. Strokes often cause a person to have tremmers on their good side. She loves wearing this bracelet and rolling the stones between her fingers seems to give her hand something to do, she doesn't appear to have the tremmers as her hand is buisy. This is also a stone known to help stroke recovery. <end>  Love my Buddha beads...  I had one like this before but my daughter and her friend broke it and used it as play food in her kitchen...and the other one was more than twice the cost of this one...im quite happy with it...its simple, seems to be durable, and a great price...thank you!! <end>  denim blue in color  ok bracelet, but not as blue as I was hoping for. For the price worth it for blue jeans.. not dressy. <end>  Boring  Well made, I have to admit. It's double stranded, so if you caught it on something, it's not likely to break easily. It's a dark blue beaded bracelet. No life to it at all. Dull, period. <end>
 B000J4GXFS  Genuine Onyx Stone 8mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Simple Beauty  The simplicity of this bracelet is its strength. It looks fabulous combined with other, fancier bracelets. The beads are shiny and uniform in size and color. Inside unstretched measurement is six inches. <end>  Pretty good  It's a nice bracelet, with good quality onyx stones, however it does fit a little tight. <end>  Genuine Onyx Stone 8mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet  As far as Genuine Onyx Stone 8mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet is concerned, all the necessary information for the purchase if this item has been given. I'm greatly satisfied with the quality of the package and the product, nothing unexpected. Everything was in good condition.Thank you very muchKudryashova Olga <end>  An almost perfect bracelet.  I have rather slim wrists and this bracelet fit perfectly. The beads are very nice and smooth and I enjoyed very much wearing it for the Thirty minutes I did wear it. The quality of the string for this bracelet is embarrassing. This bracelet popped off less than 30 minutes after I first put it on, and when I say popped off I mean the string snapped and the beads went flying. I have not yet contacted the seller, as I'm most likely to just buy some stretch string at a Craft Store. For the price I love having this nice set of Onyx beads, and the string will be cheap to replace. Other than the poor quality of the string, this is a great bracelet. (BUY EXTRA STRING). <end>  Onyx Stone Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet  First of all I don't think this bracelet is 8mm as advertised. It is smaller. Secondly the construction is poor with a tie actually not being hid under the beads. Last thought is that the beads aren't as tight...which allow the bracelet to look like it has gaps in it. Therefore, I would not recommend this product. <end>  simpe and versatile  This is a simple piece but a versatile one.It can be worn casual or well dressed.Either way it will be effective. <end>  Be Carefully  The bracklet looks nice but its not made for everyday wear. Mine popped during the a super bowl party. I only got to wear it for a month. <end>  It's a bracelet  Not much to say about this thing. I wore it as a fashion statement when I was infinitely obsessed with useless crap. I mean, it is just a bracelet. It was made of plastic? I lost it after not caring about it for a while. <end>
 B000J4H136  Genuine Pink Pearl Shell Stone Chip Crescent Stretch Bracelet One Size Fits All ||	  Very pretty bracelet.  Bracelet is a lovely color. The fit is good. I am very satiisfied.Thank you. Mary Jo Martin <end>  Pink Bling  This bracelet is just a little bit lighter in color in person than it is online. It has a pretty, shimmery, iridescent quality, and is very light and comfortable to wear. I like it so much I wish it came in more colors. It's about 7/8" wide. <end>
 B000J4H1BI  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Created Pink Sapphire & Diamond Accent San Marco Bracelet ||	  lovely bracelet  I ordered 3 of these as Christmas gifts, I wore mine to a party and I got several compliments on it. It is very pretty and the price is very reasonable. I am debating on buying 2 more. <end>  beautiful bracelet  I purchased this bracelet as a gift for my daughter and when I saw how pretty it was, I decided to order one for myself. I really is quite pretty and I get lot of compliments! <end>
 B000J4H1LI  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Peridot & Diamond Accent Double X Link Bracelet ||	  LONG and cheap...  The bracelet arrived in a plastic bag (not the most impressive gift packaging), was 8 inches in length (which is HUGE when it comes to a girls wrist) and the construction is cheap. For $30? You get 2 stars. <end>  Beautiful bracelet  This dainty bracelet is a beauty. Sweet and delicate with a strong color to the peridots, it is very noticeable on the wrist. I especially like the double security latches. I am very, very pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000J4H1N6  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Diagonal Link Bracelet ||	  The vermeil was very poor  Although the bracelet itself is well made it has such thin vermeil that it wore off after a few days of use-now I have a silver bracelet that was sold as vermeil. <end>
 B000J4H1NG  18K Rose Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Teardrop Tennis Bracelet ||	  beautiful but didnt last  It sparkles. It is beautiful but didnt last a year. I am extremely careful with my jewelry and take it off every night. But this bracelet broke after about 5 wears. <end>
 B000J4H2CG  Genuine Green Turquoise Chip Necklace ||	  Great, fashionable, classy, but not the same as in the picture  I've bought two necklaces from SilverSpeck and I'm satisfied with their service and my necklaces. It's a short necklace that works with my shirts that are higher cut, but it can be adjusted.I didn't rate it five stars for a few reasons. There were a few chipped pieces in the bag when I got it, but that didn't really bother me. What bothered me was how much different the photo is from the actual product. I have a shirt that I wanted a necklace for, and the product photo is deceivingly blue. The actual necklace was actually a bit darker, slightly blue camo green.So, other than the fact that the product photo is more blue than the product itself, the necklace is great! <end>
 B000J4H31G  9-10mm Hand Knotted Genuine Freshwater Cultured White Pearl 14k Gold Filigree Clasp Necklace 18" ||	  Not my style.  The pearls were not the size or color I wanted. The necklace wasstrung to tight and would not bend or lay on neck smoothly.Sorry. Thank you for your service. <end>
 B000J4H6H2  Sterling Silver Hoops/ Hoop Earrings ||	  Smaller than appeared in picture  I like these but they are much smaller than I thought. For the price, these are very pretty. I wear them to work often! <end>  Sterling Silver Hoops  I ordered these because my girlfriend has a problem with earrings that aren't made from sterling silver - the product arrived well before the expected delivery date, and also arrived well packaged. I do however have one criticism of the earrings and that is that they aren't easy to fasten... it's not easy to get them to clip together, but a great product and so far no irritation! <end>  great for the price!  I really thought they would be bigger, but they are exellent. Never have fallen off like other types might. All things considered I would deffinately buy again <end>
 B000J4H7LM  Round Circle Buckle Cubic Zirconia Omega Silver Earrings ||	  Elegant comfort  These earrings were exactly as described and were of a very high quality. This was a very good purchanse for the money. They look very nice on the ear and are extremely comfortable to wear. They can go daytime or nighttime. The go anywhere earring. <end>
 B000J4H7Z8  Turquoise Stone Euro Back Silver Earrings ||	  Open hook  The earring is different from the one in the picture - it has an open hook, so it is not so safe to wear. The plastic stone is really light in colour, and looks too obviously plastic. It's a pitty as the frame looks really nice. <end>
 B000J4H8S4  Sterling Silver Dangling Drop Pink Cats Eye LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Disappointing  I longed for these earrings for weeks, but was so disappointed when I got them. They are a nice color, but a little too large for my tastes and a bit too heavy. So sad... <end>
 B000J4H8V6  Silver Bali Bead Antique Design Oval Genuine Garnet LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Beautiful  These are beautiful and a GREAT bargain. A little smaller than I thought they would be judging from the picture, but they are just perfect. I bought the matching necklace too. <end>  Great Buy...  I purchased these earings as well as the matching pendent for my daughter. They are beautiful & she really liked them. Definitely worth the money. Shipping was flawless and as promised. <end>  Great quality at an incredible price  Oh my gosh, these are gorgeous! I couldn't believe they were so inexpensive. They are quality earings, trust me! The garnets are a deep rich red and the sterling is perfect. Every time I wear them, I get a compliment.....Thank you! <end>  Positive  Purchased as a Christmas gift to replace a set of which one was lost. I was drawn to this style because the french wire locks, eliminating the risk of losing one of these. <end>  lovely garnet earrings  These earrings are lovely to look at and easy on the ear. The only problem is that the leverback does not always meet the hook that goes though the ear evenly. <end>
 B000J4H9G0  Sterling Silver Red and Simulated CZ Post Earrings ||	  earrings  The earrings are beautiful and a great buy for the money. They match the nechlace perfectly (which is why I bought them). The only thing about them is one of the posts is slightly bigger than the hole in my ear! <end>
 B000J4HB0O  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Oval Genuine Amethyst Leverback Earrings ||	  Quite Lovely  These are truly lovely - just as they're pictured. They seem well made (the stones are even sized and pretty, and the backings seem ok). Seriously, a great value! <end>
 B000J4HB2C  Sterling Silver Scarab Cut Genuine Blue Agate Stone Lever Back Earrings ||	  Excitement to Disappointment  While the silver casings were very nice, I was extremely disappointed with the quality of the scarabs in these earrings. The scarabs were poor quality, and one scarab was smaller than the other. More glue than scarab showed in the setting. Silver Speck refunded my money with no problem, however, retaining my future business. <end>
 B000J4HD5W  Sterling Silver 4mm Genuine Red Tiger Eye Stone 6 Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  TOOOOOO SMALL  Franchement, les perles sont tellement petites que les boucles sont ridicules. En plus, &agrave; voir le prix, aucun int&eacute;rt &agrave; les acheter. <end>
 B000J4HDRA  Sterling Silver 40mm Polished Hoop Earrings ||	  I love these earings!  I bought these earings a year ago from amazon and I wear them ALL the time. They have not tarnished and they have held up well considering I wear them so often. They are a great size both for day and evening. If you are looking for a cute pair of silver hoops that will LAST then these are well worth the money! <end>  Exactly what I've been looking for!  I wanted a pair of sterling large hoop earrings! Having purchased several in stores at a much higher cost I was always disappointed when after a week or so of wearing they would tarnish; even the ones that claim not to.I was about to give up when I came across these. I was a little skeptical due to my past experience and with the price of these being a lot less then what I have purchased before. But I decided to try one more time! I am so glad I did! They are wonderful. I have worn them every day since receiving them in the mail- they HAVE NOT tarnished. They are very comfortable to wear and they go with everything. The price can't be beat! <end>  Strong pair  They're very functional. You can wear them with anything and they're very sturdy. What's best is that they're very dainty. <end>
 B000J4HDS4  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings Oval ||	  nice look  well, there werent any dimensions given (theyre just longer than an inch)and they are a tiny bit larger than i normally can wear for work (dental surgery) but they are a nice shape. i love the oval rather than the hoop. they are super lightweight silver but not poor quality. one earring arrived broken and with one very nice phonecall, a new pair was shipped out to me BEFORE i even sent back the originals! crazy good customer service! <end>
 B000J4IBV2  Sterling Silver Sea *SAIL BOAT CHARM Cute ||	  Great product  These charms are just as desribed. They are being used as earring pendants. They look just like the picture and are very sturdy little charms. Would definitely buy again. <end>  Sailboat  I love this charm!! It is so pretty and I always get complements when I wear it. I would certainly recommend this to anyone. <end>
 B000J4IC84  Stunning! Sterling Silver Lavender Jade Blessing Pendant ||	  Love the pendant, not happy with the clasp for it  I really like the pendant and am very happy with it. Unfortunately, the clasp for the pendant broke the very first time I wore it. <end>
 B000J4II7O  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet Bali Design Silver Pendant ||	  Beautiful  I bought this along with the matching earrings--a splurge on myself to use some gift certificates. It's beautiful! A little smaller than I thought it would be from the picture--but it's just right and a great bargain--arrived well packaged in a little pouch. Also, I wasn't expecting it to come with a sterling silver chain (I didn't notice a chain in the picture), but it's just perfect for the pendant--what a pleasant surprise! <end>  Great Buy  I purchased this pendant & the matching earrings for my daughter. She really liked them. They are beautiful & of good quality. The shipping was flawless and I received them as promised. <end>  Phenomenal quality for such a low price  I ordered both the pendant and earrings for my 15 year old neice for Christmas this year. They arrived almost the next day! They are amazing. They are gorgeous, sparkly and my niece will inevitably say, "I got bling!" They are just stunning and I think I may have to order another set for my best friend as well. Simply top notch and the price is worth it all! <end>
 B000J4IIC4  Sterling Silver Genuine Diamond Accent Sapphire Stone Cross Pendant ||	  Very Nice  I bought this cross to replace a stolen one - it looks almost exactly like the one that I had, except that the one I had was 14K white gold with genuine sapphire and diamonds. This says that it is also genuine sapphire with diamond accents - but I am skeptical of that, being that it is rather inexpensive for something that they claim to be real stones; it is however really sterling silver settings though, it's stamped and everything.Overall, even if the stones aren't real, it's still a beautiful cross; and one shouldn't be surprise if they're not, as the price is very reasonable - that is why I gave it five stars, because the cross really is beautiful. Perfect for a religious moment, or a religious person.Oh, and be aware, the chain that is shown with the pendant in the image is NOT the chain that comes with it - the chain that comes with it is a rope style chain; the one shown in the image is a box chain; but however, I was surprise that it did come with a chain, as I was only expecting a pendant. <end>  Pretty, but.............  This cross is very pretty but has two stones with very visible scratches. For a good job should choose stones best no matter the cost a little more <end>
 B000J4IKQ8  Genuine Picture Jasper Stone Twisted Sterling Silver Border Oval Pendant ||	  Jasper pendant  The pendant is nice; however, it's not nearly the color in the advertized photo. It's more yellowish in color. I would prefer the darker shade, since the features in the jasper seem to stand out more clearly. I was pleasantly surprised that a chain came with it. I've worn it almost incessantly since receiving it. It's a good deal for the price! <end>
 B000J4IKWW  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Stone Filigree Oval Pendant ||	  IMAGE IS MISLEADING!!!  I received this item and it was not what I was looking for. I feel that the image is misleading. The pendant it self is pretty but the chain that was included was a rolo link chain type, very, very, very inexpensive looking and different of the one on the picture. The first time I got a pendant from SilverSpeck, the chain was box chain type (better quality) and made the pendant look even prettier. I ended giving it as a gift to a friend and a week latter I made a second purchase for myself but this time they did let me down. The all set (chain & pendant) looks cheap. They should give more information about their product and describe better on the "Product Descripiton" that the chain they will send is what they have on stock and not what is on the picture.On top of every thing, when I did call SilverSpeck, the person that I spoke with was not friendly and if I can say, there was a bit of rude tone on his voice! <end>  Very happy with this purchase.  Prettier than the picture can show, I was very happy when I opened the package and I wear it often. <end>
 B000J4IKYK  Pink cz Sterling Silver Large Floating Heart Pendant Valentine's Day Love ||	  FLIMSY  way larger than you would expect. looks ok. broke up with the girl so im glad i got her a half ass cheap feeling and looking necklass. LATE <end>
 B000J4IL6M  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Genuine Azurite Stone Oval Pendant ||	  Not Exactly What I Expected...  Okay, to start off this review I just want to say the the pendant is VERY small. Tiny, in fact. Plus, the front of it has the Azurite stone set in it, which is good, however, the pendant has no back to it AT ALL. It is only the front that has the Azurite stone set in it, yet the back is bare. Overall,I was/still am disappointed in this product and would not advice anyone to buy it unless, of course, the aforementioned product that I received is exactly what they are looking for. <end>
 B000J4INPQ  Sterling Silver chain link design Toe Ring ||	  Pretty Silver Toe Ring  A pretty little silver toe ring, very effective when worn and people make nice comments as to how nice it looks. <end>
 B000J4INR4  Sterling Silver Swirl Fiigree Design Toe Ring ||	  Love it  I love this toe ring! It is so super cute and easy to put on and take off. I have had it for months now and I love it just as much now as when I first got it.Buy this one  D <end>
 B000J4IR02  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Bracelet ||	  disappointed  I was disappointed in the color of the stones. The amethyst were much paler than pictured and there was little contrast between them and the surrounding silver. Knowing this, I would still order from this merchant in the future as their customer service is excellent. <end>
 B000J4IRZC  Sterling Silver Black and Red Enamel Ladybug Bracelet ||	  bracelet  I good stocking filler. Flimsy but quite pretty. Probably find its way to the bottom of the drawer but was liked. <end>  So cute!!  I love this bracelet! It is so adorable, sturdy and affordable! I have been searching for a lady bug bracelet just like this. I got one for my mother too from the same seller. Hers is 18k gold over sterling silver. <end>
 B000J4IS2Y  Sterling Silver Created White Opal and Genuine Diamond Accent S and Oval Tennis Bracelet ||	  Not White  The opals in this bracelet are green not white, and not well matched. I returned it. Length 7 3/8", width 5/16". <end>  Be aware.  The item I received was not the item pictured.It has a very different chain link design from the one pictured and the opals are set in a different direction.The clasp is strange and hard to to take off without force.The "genuine diamond accent" is one microscopic stone haphazardly slopped on.As for the diamond itself, despite its size i could see that the stones cut is horrible.It looks like it was cut with a hammer.I may smash a drinking glass on the floor and replace the "genuine diamond accent" with a broken shard for a cleaner look.But that's what i get for buying jewelry online,One gets what one pays for. <end>  Absolutely beautiful  A lovely bracelet for the price and a great value. The opals are luminescent. The piece looks much more expensive than it is. <end>  great bracelet!  I love this bracelet. The opals have alot of color and are well matched. Also the price was right. It looks great on my wrist and I would recommend this to anyone who loves opals like I do. Also it was a quick delivery. <end>
 B000J4IS8S  Sterling Silver 21.8 CT. TGW Genuine Amethyst 3-Row Tennis Bracelet ||	  beautiful bracelet  First one had a defective clasp, the company replaced it promptly upon receiving the defective bracelet back. My only complaint is that since it had a defective clasp, they should have paid the freight back but it was only a couple of bucks so no big deal. We have purchased the silver speck products before and have been uniformly happy with their jewelry. <end>  disappointed  I was disappointed with this bracelet. The stones were too light and it wasn't great quality. You could only see the silver on the bracelet because the stones faded into the silver due to their lack of color. I returned this item. <end>  awsome gift  this was an awsome gift. All my cousins were drooling over how pretty this braclet was I got it on special and it ended up being about 95 dollars with shipping. I did well if i do say so myself! <end>
 B000J4IX9W  Sterling Silver Genuine Blue Topaz Stone Open Heart Necklace 16" ||	  DON'T BUY THIS NECKLACE!!  This necklace is tiny, it's very poorly made and I haven't worn it once since receiving it in the mail. It may look pretty on here but believe me, you will be very disappointed. <end>
 B000J4IXP6  Sterling Silver 4mm Genuine Rose Quartz Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Nice  This is a nice high qaulity necklace. I have been wearing it off and on for about 2 years. It's well built and the quartz stones are real. It's a pretty choker necklace. <end>
 B000J4IY28  Sterling Silver 6mm Simulated Light Green Cats Eye Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Pretty, but....  These beads are pretty but they are strung a little tight so they don't lay as evenly as I would like. <end>
 B000J4J1N4  Sterling Silver Genuine Diamond and Sapphire Hoop Earrings ||	  bracelet and earrings  I bought both the sapphire and diamond bracelet and earrings. I have never purchased jewelry without actually touching it before. I was thrilled with both items. They are heavy and beautifully put together. The clasp on the bracelet is very dependable and keeps the bracelet in place. It is also easy to put on by yourself. I like the weight of the bracelet. The earrings are comfortable to wear and compliment the bracelet. Both products are very shiny and attractive and look like they should have cost much more. I would certainly recommend these products to anyone looking for a nice gift or something for themselves. <end>  Great for the price  These little earrings are great. Much more than I expected for the price. I had been looking for earrings to match a ring and these do perfectly. I'll order them in other stones, too. <end>  Beautiful!!  This is my sister's birthstone, and it made a great gift!! So much better looking in person! <end>  extremely pleased  As with the stud earrings I bought, these were to match my necklace and I couldn't believe how beautiful they were when they arrived. So worth the $15.00 I paid for them! <end>  Love these earrings!  They are a perfect size. Not too big nor too small. I would recommend these.  )It's a good price too! So pretty! ;) <end>  Alright  The metal of the earrings almost overwhelms the small stones. They're pretty, but look a little naked. For the price though, a decent buy. <end>  Absolutely beautiful  I purchased these for a Christmas gift for my daughter. They are absolutely beautifully made with beautiful clarity and craftsmanship. <end>  very nice  My mother-in-law loved these. My husband and I bought these for her as a small token of appreciation for all she had done to make our wedding a success. They were surprisingly nice for the price. <end>  low quality  These are really pretty earrings, but the first time I put them on the post snapped in half. I was planning to wear them at my wedding, but had to return them. No hassels when I returned them. <end>  Nice pair of earrings.  I was looking for a pair of silver earrings with my birth stone, saphire, and I found these. I love them. They are the right size and they look really nice on. Thanks Amazon. <end>  Beautiful and painful  The earrings are gorgeous and well made. Unfortunately, the part that goes through the ear huts mine terribly. It's flat, not a round post. And it's "taller" than a typical post earring wire's diameter. I was in pain putting them in, left them in for a day, and was in even more pain taking them out. I'd love these if they'd just redesign the post part so it is not as tall and thinner overall. Looking carefully at the side view, I can now see this detail, which I didn't catch before ordering.If you have larger holes in your ears and are not sensitive to post diameters, you'll be fine. But my holes have little give and these hurt unfortunately. <end>
 B000J4J1NO  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Lavender Jade Drop Earrings ||	  Vermeil (24kt Gold over Silver) Lavender Genuine Jade Drop earrings  When I received these earrings they are white gold not yellow. I called the company and they apologized but that was the way they were due to oxidation. They are still very pretty earrings. I kept them and they returned my costs on shipping. <end>
 B000J4J1WA  Silver Purple Genuine Swarovski Crystal Earrings ||	  Very nice  These are well made, and a perfect size for my 11 yr old granddaughter.Small, but carry a big sparkle! <end>
 B000J4J2AG  Sterling Silver Genuine Honey Amber Stone Leaf Earrings ||	  exquisite  a really lovely pair of earrings - larger than I expected, but not too big. An excellent value that matches an amber pendant I have. <end>
 B000J4J2GA  Sterling Silver Genuine Freshwater White Cultured Pearl Earrings ||	  silver and pearl  This product is a sterling silver hanging earring with pearls. It is quite cute and the dangle isn't too long. Perfect for adult or teen alike. Very compfortable to wear, and not too heavy. A simple but elegant style. <end>  ...  coolest pair of pearl earrings ever  -). fun & different but not out of place even for the office. good amount of silver but not too heavy to wear. <end>
 B000J4J2K6  Sterling Silver Teardrop Earrings ||	  Looked good in picture.....but  These are not what I thought they were going to be they look good in the picture but when I got them the quality just isn't there. I can't wear them with out completely bending the hooks out of shape. They are more like silver plastic. <end>
 B000J4J3I2  Sterling Silver Pink Genuine Swarovski Disco Ball Crystal LeverBack Lever BackEarrings ||	  adorable  Bought these for my daughter who loves her pretties pretties. She wears them all the time, they are light, and not too big.Very nice and would buy them again in another color <end>
 B000J4J3L4  Sterling Silver Green Murano Glass Bead Millefiori Flower Earrings ||	  Pretty Beads  I love Murano Millefiori beads, in earrings, bracelets and necklaces. These earrings are very pretty, and light-weight. I don't know what the secret is, but it doesn't matter what shade of green is in my outfit, these earrings pick up the hue! They are lovely and I love wearing them. <end>
 B000J4J3T6  Sterling Silver Genuine Lavender Jade Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Jade earrings  A present for my wife, she complained they were too large for the holes in her ears, but kept them. <end>
 B000J4J7EC  Sterling Silver Small Word Kid Mini Letter 'Sexy' and 'Babe' Stud Earrings ||	  Disgusting!  If you're seriously debating getting anything that says "sexy" or "babe" on it, for your CHILD, you should never have reproduced.This is just disgusting. <end>
 B000J4J7J2  Sterling Silver 4mm Pink Simulated Cats Eye Stone 6 Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Excellent Price Excellent quality  I picked these up for my Daughter as a reward. The quality was excellent and with the price being so afforsable there is no hardship if they are lost. Great item, excellent price, Big smiles from the little one. <end>
 B000J4J7K6  Sterling Silver Small Half Hoop Mini Kid Stud Earrings ||	  Cute  Very cute piece of Jewelery, didnt expect them to be so small, they JUST go over my ear lobe, but a nice item to own. <end>
 B000J4J7P6  Sterling Silver Murano Glass Multi Color Flower Millefiori Heart Earrings Valentine's Day ||	  Heart Warming  I am a sucker for anything that's Murano Millefiori, so I just had to order these. They are very nice - the colors are pretty, and the earrings are quite sturdy. I have never ordered anything in a heart shape before, but these have elicited many positive comments when I've worn them. I smile and feel warm when I put these earrings on, because they are just soooo cute. I'm glad that I made this purchase. <end>  Millefiori Heart earrings  I thought I already wrote a review on these lovely earrings; I purchased them to go with a necklace my brother gave me for Christmas. during my search I discovered the red set which I purchased as well. I love valentine shaped things-they bring a smile to my face and since our home burned down, I have sought after things that are at least similiar to ones I lost in the infierno. Thank you so much Amazon for offering so many lovely choices. <end>  MURANO GLASS FRENCH WIRE EARRINGS  THEY ARE SMALL, BUT THE COLORS ARE NOTAS SHARP, IT'S MORE FADED, AND NOT THAT MUCHCOLOR TO IT <end>
 B000J4J7ZG  Sterling Silver Trendy Cat Earrings ||	  Not so amazing...  I ordered these earrings for my mother for Christmas and when they came I was really disappointed with the quality. The cats faces had marks on them and they seemed poor quality for being "sterling silver". My advice is to really watch what jewelry you buy online, the pictures are sometimes miss-leading. <end>  cool earring  I ordered this earrings for my little sister,who likes cats very much.She was very pleased with them.I recommend it for all cat lovers <end>
 B000J4J87I  Sterling Silver & Gold Overlay Two Tone Daisy Flower Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These are very beautiful earrings. The only reason why I'm giving them 4 stars is because of the way they were packaged. They should have been in a small box but instead came in a flat envelope. Because of this the posts on both earrings were bent downwards but fortunately I was able to straighten them without the posts breaking. <end>  cute earrings, bad shipping  For me personally, the photo of these earrings is a little better than the actual product, and they were a littler larger on my ears than I wanted, but that's what happens when you shop by photo only. They don't work for me, but I think they are cute enough for my niece who will be getting her ears pierced soon, and I will save them for her. The shipping was another matter. Most jewelry I order comes in little boxes with gift bags or ribbon - a nice touch. These felt like they were just thrown in a mailer and sent. The posts were bent since there were not protected, and I worried they could break or be weak when I straightened them. So far so good. Maybe a little more attention to detail? <end>  Too darling for words  I love daisies. These earrings are just too precious. They are also easy on the sensitive ears. <end>
 B000J4J8BO  Sterling Silver Claddagh Hoop earrings ||	  Sterling Silver Claddagh EARRINGS  THESE ARE SO BEAUTIFULL, THAT WHEN MY SISTERS AND DAUGTHER SEN THEM, I HAD TO BUY THEM EACH A PAIR, AND THATS ONE OF THIER CHRISTMAS GIFTS, <end>  Great Deal!!!  Took a chance and so glad I did. Very nice set of earring and not light at all. They look and feel expensive. Great price for what I received. Happy with this purchase and by the way they came quickly and in a nice pouch  ) <end>
 B000J4J8DW  18K Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Round Filigree Hoop Earrings ||	  Wear these nearly every day  This set is subtle enough in size and appearance to wear everyday while adding a feminine touch to any outfit without going overboard. My only complaint is that one side of each earring is hollow (cubic zirconias are not on both sides) so you have to be mindful of which ear you put each earring on so that you're not displaying the undecorated side of the jewelery. <end>  good buy  very good, it was for a gift. Looks expensive, serious seller, respnsible and quick delivery. You get what you see. <end>
 B000J4JTH2  Stainless Steel Huggie Earrings w/ Cubic Zirconia Stone 1/2 inch Diameter ||	  heavy  These earrings are very nice. They have a sold design. I like them for daily wear, however, they are very heavy and can not sleep in them. <end>
 B000J4KBB0  18K Gold over Stelring Silver Created White Opal & Diamond Accent Tennis Bracelet ||	  It's as beautiful as it looks like on this site  I bought this bracelet to complete my opal jewelry set and I'm very content with it.The opal has beautiful bright colors, even nicer than you can see in the picture.I really recommend this bracelet. <end>  decent enough for price  The s shape bands look a lot nicer in the photo then they do in person but the stones are a lot better looking so it kind of balances out. Do not expect it to look as nice as the photo though <end>  Nice, well made bracelet  I was a little apprehensive ordering this bracelet because it was so inexpensive. It arrived before the anticipated time, which was a nice surprise.It's a very pretty bracelet and appears to be well made. It looks just like the picture and it's hard to tell the different between this bracelet and my 14K tennis bracelet. I'm very happy with it! <end>  Well made, but not as pretty as the picture  I bought this as a gift for my mom. It is admittedly not to my taste, but my mom has very different taste in jewelry than I do. I was actually kind of excited about it, because it seemed like something she would like a lot.Pros  It seems well made and has a nice clasp. It also arrived pretty quickly.Cons  The somewhat blurry picture gives you a different idea of the opal coloring. This is not a deal breaker for me. The opal is not ugly, just not nearly as subtle as it seems in the picture. However, the s-shaped pieces just look kind of weird in person. They're very flat and have weird bumps on them. Perhaps they're supposed to look like diamond chips? I have no idea. <end>
 B000J4KBG0  18K Gold over Sterling Silver 12.6ct. TGW Emerald & Diamond Accent Vintage Bracelet ||	  Emerald Bracelet  Beautiful ornate emerald bracelet; makes a great cocktail piece, or a bold statement for everyday, quality craftsmanship. <end>  cheep looking  The pictures of this gold and emerald piece look great and antique and nice, The product however looks cheep and gaudy, the clasp is not well fitting and I sent it back quickly. I did receive a prompt refund. <end>  The perfect bracelet for an older woman  This is the perfect bracelet for an older woman. A little too old for me. I gave it to my mother instead of keeping it for myself. She loved it. The picture appears that the stones increase in size, but they are all the same size. Heavy weight. <end>  Lovely!  I love this bracelet and also bought it in opal. "Feels". Like real jewelry. Very nice quality!! <end>  Needs better clasp  It is a beautiful piece for the money but my daughter almost lost it when the clasp opened up unexpectedly. maybe a saftey chain of some sort would help. <end>
 B000J4KBME  18K Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Teardrop Estate Bracelet ||	  Really pretty  great value for the price. Very well made with attention to detail. Lots of sparkle and great for a glamerous occasion. SilberSpeck was fast to ship and item came in a pretty gift pouch. <end>
 B000J4KBSS  Pink Twist Silk Sterling Silver 16" Chain Smooth Necklace ||	  How much do these pices weigh?  Dear SilverSpeck, your pictures are good but your product descriptions are lacking accuracy. Here is a necklace I probably would have purchased  "Sterling Silver Beaded Cross 16 Inch Necklace" but your product description says it weighs "22 pounds." Another piece I really liked, "Sterling Silver Designer Heart Necklace," weighs an unbelievable "36.1 pounds."Last, this lovely pink silk cord showed here weighs "2.7 pounds." For all the pieces I described, you have excessively heavy jewelry. I am afraid to order anything from you.I don't believe your descriptions are accurate but I can't risk buying something I'm unable to wear. Please review the descriptions for all of your products - there are inaccurate descriptions on every piece I looked at.Thanks for asking! <end>
 B000J4KBXS  Sterling Silver Genuine Marcasite Stone Rolo Link Y Necklace ||	  Not very happy with it  The necklace itself is very nice when hanging in the air -- looks as great as the photo. But it doesn't work on the neck. The chain is too short and the beads have a front and back side, and the whole thing is too light, so the necklace tends to bunch up and "roll" on my neck, exposing the underside, getting twisted and buckled and not hanging properly so it just ends up looking slovenly. Proper length and weight is very important with y-necklaces. I wish designers would realize this. <end>
 B000J4KC32  18K Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Wave Chain Link Bracelet ||	  delicate & elegant  This is a very nice bracelet, good quality! I would recommend it if you are looking for a delicate piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000J4KC5U  Genuine Light Blue Swarovski Crystal Necklace ||	  swarovski bue crystal necklace...  Beautiful necklace!!! Gave this to someone as a gift and she was thrilled! Would definitley buy this item again. <end>
 B000J4KCVO  Sterling Silver 6mm Simulated Yellow Cats Eye Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  beads are smaller than i thought but pretty  i dont do well with gauging size without it being visible in front of me so i dont fault them.. the beads are smaller than i thought they would be but they are still very lovely for my mom <end>
 B000J4KCZK  Genuine Honey Brown Amber Silver Chip Necklace ||	  Tiny!  This necklace may be genuine amber, but the chips are very small. The picture shown is larger than the actual necklace. <end>
 B000J4KFR0  Sterling Silver Bold post earrings with green jade stones ||	  Wrong Description and Picture.......  The earrings I looked at on Amazon's site were not the earrings that came to me. The description was (with a picture)for a dark green jade Omega back earring. I got a very light Mint Green Jade with clutch backs. The earrings were beautiful but I sent them back because they weren't even close to those described. I called Customer Service and talked to a man that was not very interested in my problem and told me I could send them back..which I was planning. I want to say again that the earrings were beautiful and well made but I didn't need that color or clutch back. I love omega backs because they just sit much better on my ear. <end>
 B000J4KFS4  Sterling Silver Bali Chandelier earrings with beads ||	  great earrings  I love these earrings. They are really pretty and I get compliments on them every time I wear them. I would have given them 5 stars if the hoop had a different type of closer at the back. It has the type were you have to feed the wire into the hoop tube, and it can take a little while to make sure they are on securely. <end>
 B000J4KGJC  Lavender Genuine Swarovski Crystal Cluster Silver Earrings ||	  Love these  I am so happy with these. They are the prettiest shade of lavender and just the right size. I like light weight earrings and these are perfect. They have become my new favorites. <end>
 B000J4KGUQ  Sterling Silver Pink Coral Chandelier Earrings ||	  Beautiful  I ordered these earrings for my friend on her birthday. She likes them. They are a little smaller than I expected and the colour of the stones is coral, not red. <end>
 B000J4KGXI  14K Gold & .925 Silver Tri Color Earrings $1NR ||	  very dainty earrings  I like dangle earrings but not too long and these fit the bill for me. So pretty! Lots of compliments and the price was right! <end>  excellent product  well made, Craftmanship..brought them a couple a months ago. They are much better than the picture Color is brilliant. Lenght is great dress to casual. <end>
 B000J4KI3G  Sterling Silver Small Hoops/ Hoop Earrings NR ||	  NOT as described!  In the photo, these earrings did indeed look "cute" and "small," as described. They are, in reality, chunky and about the size of a nickel...VERY hard to tell this from the picture. These earrings would be perfect with a bright yellow 80's power suit. Otherwise, steer clear! <end>
 B000J4KI8Q  Sterling Silver Round Pink CZ Leverback Earring ||	  Lovely pink  These lovely pink earrings are prettier than their photo. The cut really sparkles. They arrived in perfect condition. I am very pleased with them and think you would be too!I received them a day earlier than the seller indicated. <end>
 B000J4KIF4  Sterling Silver Bali Antique Design Genuine Onyx Drop LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Unique Earrings  I love these earrings! They are good quality, have a nice weight to them - but aren't too big, and the price is great. I love that they already have sort of a vintage quality about them and over time the silver should oxidize further. These earrings are simple but unique and they match with everything from jeans to your basic little black dress. Fantastic buy! <end>  happy wife happy life!!  Ok so this was a great little gift for my wife. I think for the price you cant go wrong!!! <end>
 B000J4KIGI  Sterling Silver 3.2ct Blue Topaz Leverback Earrings ||	  lovely earrings  i bought these for my niece's birthday. she wanted earrings that she could sleep in. she loved the color and i was impressed by the size. they were not too big but definitely made her feel like she's a "big girl". excellent quality. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  Bought these for my 13 year old daughter. She loves them! They were shipped and received very quickly, less than two weeks. I was a little bummed that the color of the stones were a lighter blue than the photo. They are still gorgeous, but not the London blue color as shown. Very nice earrings, especially for the price. <end>  Great earrings!  These are great earrings-the stones are great quality, although they are lighter than shown in the picture. I liked these earrings so much that I bought them in 4 other colors. I have purchased them for presents for others, and get compliments all the time. <end>
 B000J4KIUO  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz & CZ Rectangle Stud Earrings ||	  Nice but not as dark as in picture  These look elegant for the price. The gem is a very light blue. <end>
 B000J4KJS0  Sterling Silver Genuine Diamond Accent X and Heart Hoop Earrings ||	  Hoops  I just love these earring I wear them quite often if you see them from a distance you would think that they were gold instead of sterling silver <end>
 B000J4KLRE  Sterling Silver 6mm Simulated Purple Cats Eye Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Great Simulation  Love these earrings!! The color is beautiful and the fit in the ear, is great. Sometimes with the dangle hook, one needs to add a back piece to hold it in place. Not with these, the hook is designed to fit the ear and not feel that it would fall out. I hope you enjoy these as much as I do!! <end>
 B000J4KLU6  Sterling Silver Dark Blue Murano Glass Oval Bead Millefiori Earrings ||	  Colors disappointing  Nothing like the photo depicts; I was attracted to the shade of blue (royal) with red/white flowers and splashes of yellow; the ones I received are dark blue with aqua and pale yellow flowers. <end>
 B000J4KLWY  Sterling Silver Letter Small Word Mini Kid 'Good' and 'Bad' Stud Earrings ||	  They are tooo small  i was so excited when i ordered this item...when they arrived man..i couldnt hardly wait to rip the package open...well when i did..i was very dissapointed...the earrings are sooooooooo small..I was expecting for them to atleast be visible from someone sitting next to me at work..people have to continue to ask me.."what does ur earrings say"....now do not get me wrong, they are cute..but they are sooooooo small...i mean very small.. <end>
 B000J4KM00  Sterling Silver 4mm Genuine Tiger Eye Stone 6 Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Great additon to my collection  I am very fond of tiger eye jewelry, price was right and they look great <end>
 B000J4KM14  Sterling Silver 6mm Simulated Red Coral Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Good  Not as red as the photo but adequate . . . . . . . . . . . . <end>
 B000J4KMAU  Sterling Silver 8mm Reconstituted Turquoise Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Not a great buy  I just received these earrings in the mail. I am very disappointed. The stone beads are very small. In this case you definitely get what you pay for. I was skeptical at first when I decided to purchase them, but due to the fact that another buyer gave them five stars I chose to take a gamble. One that didn't pay off.Since I didn't pay too much for them, I will keep them. But I will have to really think about purchasing from this company again. Not only where they earring not what I was expecting, the Free Light Blue Velvet Jewelry Pouch that was shipped with it looks to be stained. Had I know this I would have spent the money on something else. <end>  Something Different  These earrings are very pretty and just as pictured. If you're looking for turquoise jewelry with a more modern look than the typical southwestern jewelry, these are for you. And you can't beat the price. <end>
 B000J4KMLE  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Blue CZ Round Leverback Earrings ||	  cuties  was a bit hesitant to order in case the description was not what the actual product looked like.hey - they are beautiful and perhaps much more than I expected. i also ordered the red and a diamond stone with a bit different pattern. They came with little fabric pouches for each one. I was not a leverback hook persons, but I am hooked now - these earring are much more secure and fit well. LOVE THEM!!! May order some more designs from this company.7.7.11 - update. The earring started discoloring a few months ago- no longer looks gold, It doesnt appear to be gold over silver but more like plain old costumed jewellery. I am so disappointed. <end>
 B000J4KMM8  Sterling Silver 25mm Polished Hoop Earrings ||	  nice earrings but clasp is cheap  These are a nice size and they haven't tarnished yet (after about 3 months). However, the clasp mechanism frequently pops open. At times the earring has fallen out of my ear! <end>
 B000J4KN2W  14K Gold Etched Design Hoop Earrings ||	  Great Value  Excellent clarity, great price. The picture does not do it justice.High quality clasp. <end>
 B000J4MFGO  Sterling Silver 4mm Simulated Pink Pearl Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Small but elegant  These pink pearls are really small, but looked very classy. They are going to be perfect for all of my bridesmaid to wear. <end>
 B000J4MFWI  Sterling Silver 6mm Simulated Pink Coral Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Not even close  I ordered this expecting it to be larger flat beads in a pink tone. When I opened it I found tiny round orange beads. Very disappointed with the necklace. Don't even think it would be worth returning though since I paid so much for shipping... <end>
 B000J4MG2C  Sterling Silver Murano Glass Dark Blue Oval Millefiori Necklace ||	  Don't bother with this one!  Bought this necklace with the matching earrings. The colors of the beads are dull and the clasp andextender are cheap, cheap, cheap. O.K. for a young tween or child but a big disappointment for anadult. No length or width dimensions were posted on the product and the beads look smaller in person.Don't waste your money! <end>
 B000J4MJCO  Silver Small polished Hoops/Hoop Earrings ||	  Fall out!  I bought these for a cartilidge piercing. I like small earrings, but these were almost too small to get in my ear. After 20 minutes, I finally got them in, but I could not close them. This was about 5 days ago and I still have not been able to close the darn things. I have already lost one because it fell out. I would recommend a slightly larger earring with a HINGE clasp. <end>  great purchase  this is a great purchase. Come with a jewelry pouch and total cost was under $10. <end>  Really really small  I was fooled by the size of the picture. These hoops are better suited for a babies ears and not a grown man into accesorizing. <end>  THE RIGHT SIZE  These are the perfect size loops. I have two holes in my cartridge. They are perfect for me. If you are an adult, and you have some type of piercing that require a small (not tiny) earring. These are the ones. I'm purchasing a couple of sets. <end>  Poor quality  I bought 2 pairs of these for my second and third lobe piercings to wear on a daily basis. They were the perfect size, however, they were surprisingly hard to put in. The clasp was incredibly hard to get into the hole in 2 of the earrings.I've had them for a little under a month now and the silver is turning brown/black on the inside of the hoop in all 4 earrings. You do get what you pay for, seeing as they were so inexpensive. These might be good if you plan on taking them out daily. I wouldn't buy them again. <end>  Ridiculously small don't be fooled by the picture  I have made a number of purchases from this vendor through Amazon and generally I have been pleased. These earrings are not suitable for an adult and indeed would probably be too small and too difficult to open for a child. I am returning this pair. They were inexpensive but I would not keep them even if they were free <end>  Small silver earrings  I received these earrings fro my teen daughter and they were very very small don't recommend them to any one. <end>  Not the best  If I could go back and not buy these I would. I should have listened to the reviews because they're right! I bought 6 pairs of these for my ears and thought I could put them in my lobe piercings and the other pair in my cartilage. Well I was wrong. The earrings were really hard to get clipped in the back so it took me over an hour to get 4 pairs in and they didn't fit in my cartilage at all. They were however the size I wanted for my ear. Another thing I noticed, about a week of wearing them the part that goes into your ear started to change color to an almost black color. Next time I'll listen. A few earrings also un clipped and I almost lost them. <end>  hoops  They came in a good amount of time, and look really cute. Thank you so much!! I will look here next time I need earrings. <end>  Great for the price.  These earring are very small perfect for a baby. I bought them for my 18mos old who is constantly pulling her earrings out. the left earring falls out occassionally and has been since I purchased them. Im not sure if thats a defect of my kid working them. each time I have been able to retrieve them so they are GOOD. Ror the money I paid I cant complain. I'd buy them agian. <end>  Very tiny  These are much smaller than I thought they'd be, but I am pleased with them. I like how they stay in - I want to buy some for my daughter so that she doesn't wear-and-lose-half-a-pair of my earrings. I think they will be something that will last for years. <end>  Hey Guys  I bought these earings for my 2yr old dtr. I think they were excellent value for money and small enough so her tiny fingers cannot pull them out. I would only recommend them for small children as they are very very small. All the same,I do like them!!!!!!! <end>  Double shipping!  The earrings were great and a great price...shipping was already high, and then I had to go to the post office to pick them up for insuf. postage...NOT COOL! <end>
 B000J4MJEC  Sterling Silver Genuine Carnelian & Reconstituted Turquoise Chip Earrings ||	  GEMSTONE EARRINGS  GREAT COMBINATION OF COLORS...NATURAL,BEAUTIFUL AND QUALITY GEMSTONES!!!I RECEIVE LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS WITH THESE EARRINGS!!!!A GREAT ADDITION TO MY EVERYDAY COLLECTION!!! <end>
 B000J4MJNS  Sterling Silver Simulated Aquamarine CZ Hoop Earrings ||	  absolutely perfect!  i love my earrings...not too big, not too small...just right...latches are secure...arrived in excellent time..would definitely buy from them again!! <end>  ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!  I was so anxious to get these and they arrived today. I could not be happier with them! Perfect size, not too large, not too small, the color is amazing! LOVE them! <end>
 B000J4MJTC  Sterling Silver Turquoise Stone Chip Earrings ||	  Silver Turquoise earrings  Nice earring, the size very good, the stones fine and looks wonderful when you wear them. Everybody ask me for the price, they couldn't believe how much I paid!!! <end>  Nice little earrings  I wanted some drop style turquoise earrings, but did not want to pay the price most of them demand. These are nice, but did not break the bank. <end>  For $3? It meets expectations  Got someone who likes turquoise? They'll probably like these chip earrings. I saw from a few other reviews that some people were dissatisfied with the color of the turquoise... I didn't have that problem. I gave these as a gift and the girl liked them; she thought they were probably around $10 so I suppose that's a win for me.I can't comment on how durable they are, but they look pretty good when she wears them. They're a bit small, probably you only get 5 or 6 chips per earring, but they work for a simple accessory. If you want something a bit more elegant (and a bit more expensive) I would recommend these Sterling Silver Double Oval Drop Earrings.Thanks for reading  ) <end>  Earrings  Purchased as a gift. They look very nice and she enjoys wearing them. A good value. She recommends them to others. <end>  good  great price- can't beat that. keep in mind - these have more blue and less green in the stones. that was not obvious from the picture so they did not match my bracelet. otherwise- very nice <end>  turquoise chips  these were given as a xmas gift, bought the set of 3 (these, red coral and amethyst) for a very good price. recipient loved these. they look really nice on. <end>  I'm pretty chipper about these chips  I saw not one negative review, and that is understandable  I received exactly what I thought I was getting, with good color, good size, timely shipping & a great price. Also got the bracelet & they are an exceptionally well-matched set. For a simple little surprise gift or stocking stuffer these cannot be beat. <end>  Silver stone chip earrings  I got this same earring in four colors -- onyx, red, turquoise and purple (how did I miss the lapis?) They surely are a bargain, seem to be well made and match a number of necklaces for which I had no appropriate earrings. They are lighter and more comfortable than some of the extremely expensive earrings I own. I recommend them heartily. <end>  Just like in the photo  These are so pretty, just like they do in the photo. Shipping was faster than I expected. Each pair of earrings came with a dark blue velvet bag. And you can't beat the price. I'm very pleased! <end>  Great find  I had a pair of turqoise earrings similar to these and lost one of them. I was delighted to find these since they match my one other earring to a tee! Now I have an extra and the price was fantastic! <end>  I'll keep these  The first words out of my mouth when I unwrapped these was "aah". The color is beautiful and really much nicer than in the picture. It feels so nice to finally be able to say that. They come with a very small fauxvelour bag which is not impressive, so I'll find a box for them since they are a gift. This is a winner! <end>  Pretty Earrings  These earrings are a very pretty blue. The stones are not shiny. The dangle itself is about 25mm in length and 8mm in width. Nice craftsmanship. Sturdy wires. <end>  Very pretty!  These earrings are great. As inexpensive as they are, I was a bit concerned that they would be too small or the quality would be lacking, but no worries! A wonderful gift and she loved them. <end>  Christmas gift  My co-worker loved this gift and matching bracelet that came with the gift. It was reasonable and helped me to stay on budget. <end>  A++  Very well made, beautiful, and very affordable. These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection. I recommend this purchase. <end>  I bought this item as a gift  The price was amazing and it goes with a bracelet I ordered to go with it. Makes a beautiful gift. <end>  Good deal on cute earrings  Product was described accurately. Turquoise stone earrings on sterling silver hooks. Great for people with sensitivity to metal. Product was a good price for its quality. <end>  good earrings  I like the earrings themselves, but they were a suggested buy with a turquoise necklace and bracelet, and the blues are nowhere close to matching. The other 2 pieces are more green and these are more blue. <end>  SORRY TO SAY.....  DON'T LIKE THE COLOR OF STONES. i THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE MORE THE COLOR OF NECKLACE, BUT GUESS THEY ARE FROM TWO DIFFERENT COMPANIES. THE WIRE IS NOT THIN SO DOESN'T LOOK AS DAINTY AS SHOULD.WANT TO SEND THEM BACK, TOO. <end>  Very nice!  These earrings were a Christmas present. Needless to say they went over very well. Fast shipping. Gorgeous earrings! I was very pleased with the design. <end>
 B000J4MK28  Platinum Silver Disk Circular Genuine Mother Of Pearl Dangling Earrings ||	  Silver and Mother of Pearl Earrings  Beautiful earrings and the picture doesn't do them justice. The Mother of Pearl is more white than yellow; wonderful quality and not heavy on the ear. Fast shipping and great detail taken in packaging with earrings shipped in a satchel. <end>
 B000J4MLKE  Silver Dangling Frog Toad Lily Pad Earrings ||	  silver earrings  These are so nice, my daughter-in-law just loves frogs, so when I saw these I thought they were cute and she would like them, When I got them I was shocked at how pretty they are...beautiful polished silver, the picture dosen't do them justice... I can't wait to see her face when she opens them for X-MAS..I received them on time, I would have got them early but MY postal service messed up and sent them to another town "After" they arrived here, so that put a delay on it, but that had nothing to do with the company...this is not the firt time I bought from thid company..they have beatiful merchandise and speedy service......I will be a repeat customer....YOU CAN TRUST THEM!!!!! <end>  Not sterling silver  These are cute earrings, but not silver. They are stamped 925, but are attracted to a magnet. Otherwise, nice. <end>
 B000J4MLPE  Sterling Silver Large Disc Hoop Chandelier Earrings ||	  Too Glam for Me  These were too glam for me, so I took off the bottom 2 rows of diamond shapes, I really like them now, and the quality is nice. They are shiny, so you would have to like the glam appearance of these earrings. <end>
 B000J4MLPY  Sterling Silver Mini Pear Shape Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings!  I love these earrings! I've worn them everyday since I got them 3 months ago. They are beautiful, and they never fall out. I've gotten so many compliments on them! <end>
 B000J4MQ40  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Bezel Genuine Onyx Stone Heart Dangle Teardrop Oval Earrings ||	  Onyx earrings  These were purchased as a gift for my sister, and she loves them. I first saw them during her recent visit, and was pleasantly surprised at how nice they really are. Great quality! <end>
 B000J4MQHM  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Citrine Bali Bead Oval Leverback Earrings ||	  Nice earring for BIG ears  I purchased these earrings because I liked the look of the ornamental part, and for an inexpensive, everyday earring they do not dissapoint in this regard. However, the through-the-hole-leverback part is made for a GIANT. The hook is way too large and about twice as long as it should be, and this makes the entire earring unwearable. I am extremely disappointed. Take this into consideration before you make this purchase. <end>  great!  First off I want to say the shipping for this item was very prompt. I ordered them on Friday and they arrived the following Monday.what you see in the picture is what you get. They are a good size, big enough to see but they aren't gaudy and cheap looking. The stones are a good quality, clear and even color with a cut that makes them sparkle in the right light. I have seen more expensive jewelry with plastic stones that are of lower quality. This price is very reasonable for what you get.The hooks are a little larger than I believe necessary but I have very small ears and even so, it doesn't distract from them at all. The hooks are also nice and sturdy, not too thick to thread through your ear if you typically only wear studs but they aren't flattened or likely to bend if you accidentally fall alseep with them in.As far as the weight goes, they are a little on the heavy side and move if you turn your head but not uncomfortable, even if you wear them all day.All and all if you are looking for drop style gold and citrine earrings, look no further. <end>  Cute earings for the price  The earings are not too bad but they are smaller than what I thought they would be. They are suitable for casual, maybe work. Nothing to jump up about but then again they are still cute. <end>  Simply Lovely!  I wasn't sure what to expect at this price, but I was very nicely surprised. They're nicely made & quite sparkly! I was concerned that they wouldnt be vermeil and instead fade, but so far so good. Also, I saw comments on weak backings for some of the other earrings, but these are OK. They'd make great gifts! <end>  Product was not as great as picture  I was impressed with product description and review given on Amazon. But when this ear-rings arrived, was disappointed because the stones were not same size and shape. It is waste of money and time to buy this ear-rings. Will never buy jewelry again online. <end>
 B000J4MQT0  14K Gold Dangling Spiral Threader Earrings ||	  Earrings  14K Gold Dangling Spiral Threader EarringsWhere are the earrings?I've payed them but I never got them!!!They were an gift for xmas, for our grandma!!I want this earrings!!!OR you must booked back on our credit card.I find it not good, because I bought them, the shipping would be at the 4.12.07, and they never arrived!!Claudia Schunk <end>
 B000J4MQUY  Silver Diamond cut Filligree 28 mm HOOP Earrings ||	  Regift  Initially bought these as a gift, but upon seeing how beautiful they were in person, decided on keeping for myself & giving something else. Just too pretty ) <end>  Lots of sparkle!  Lots of glitz for not a lot of gelt. These are light weight (meaning very comfortable), well made, shine and sparkle like crazy. Anyone will love these. Buy a few pair - they are a standard with any wardrobe. <end>
 B000J4MQVS  Sterling Silver 3x48mm Large Hoop Earrings ||	  hoop earrings  earrings shown as large hoops. Earrings were medium at best.Very disappointed. Picture is not a true representation of size. <end>
 B000J5MO14  Silver Lavender Simulated Diamond baguette Ring S10 ||	  Gorgeous  I thought the ring was gorgeous and it fit perfectly.This was one time that a piece of jewelry surpassed my expectation. <end>  Beautiful  This ring looks better than the picture. The center stone is larger than I expected, the color and sparkle are gorgeous. I just hope the metal's shiny finish holds up well. <end>
 B000J6YFUQ  Sterling Silver 2.0mm Hoop Earrings. Sterling Silver. 16mm Diameter (Available in Several Sizes) ||	  cute for every day  These are good quality, and the perfect size silver hoops, in my opinion. I'm so glad I got them! Very Nice. <end>  Comfortable anytime earrings  These earrings are so comfortable to wear. And they can be everyday earrings as well as classy dressed-up earrings. <end>
 B000JC3YAC  Tiny 15mm Hoops Bali Wrapped Sterling Silver Huggie Neverending Hoop Earrings ||	  Pretty, but too fragile  I really like the way these earrings look, but it took about a half hour to figure out how to put them in and then the wires bent and broke within a couple of days. <end>
 B000JCOE5G  14K White Gold 0.12 ct. Diamond Initial "A" Pendant with Chain ||	  Very Nice  The 14 K Diamond initial Pendant is very nice .. Attractive to the eye ..It came on time .. beautifully boxed. Very satisfied as always.. <end>
 B000JCP4NM  Gorgeous! Women's 14k White-gold Head Yellow-gold Shank Round (2 CT TW) 8MM Moissanite Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  BEAUTIFUL RING  SORYY I HAD TO RETURN THIS BEAUTIFUL RING..THE STONE IS GORGEOUS, BUT THE BAND WAS A LITTLE TOO THIN FOR ME....BE SURE TO READ RETURN POLICY !!!!! <end>
 B000JCQOVI  Heart Diamond Earrings 10K Gold Ladies Stud Post Style ||	  Very classy & the price was even better!!  I love these earrings they are very classy & serves it's purpose. They fit right in the top of my ear & were not to big...... <end>
 B000JD06IY  Black Onyx & Enamel Flower Pendant, by David Sigal ||	  Nice  I bought this necklace for my wife for two reasons 1. She likes lilies.2. Because it had a cord instead of a metal chain (some metals cause an allergic reaction).As another reviewer mentioned, the pendant is heavy, but I kind of like it that way...it doesn't feel cheap or shoddy, and my wife has never complained of its weight.However, reason #2 for buying the necklace is nullified because the back of the pendant itself is a cast metal; the stem of the flower extends around the bottom of the pendant and is held in place by this metal casting. My wife solved this problem by coating the back with clear nail polish so the metal doesn't directly contact her skin. I just wish that more sellers would include pictures of ALL sides of their jewelry, even if it isn't pretty.But with that problem taken care of, my wife loves the necklace and I'm rather impressed with it myself. It's large and substantial without being "showy". A recommended purchase. <end>  wrong size  Good product, just wrong size and shape for my girlfriendThank you <end>  Beautiful. Better in person than in the photo  I purchased as a compliment to my wife's little black dress.It's just the right size and has an "antique" appeal missing in a lot of modern jewelry. If you're looking for a finishing piece with classic beauty, this is pendant is for you. <end>
 B000JD2650  Sterling Silver Square Diamond-Accented Pendant, 18" ||	  Picture is deceiving - Disappointing  Read the measurements carefully...this is MUCH smaller than it appears, and not high quality. I've not been impressed with Amazon's jewelry in the slightest. <end>  Great necklace!  This necklace is beautiful and exactly what I wanted. I wish that they would have given measurements of the square (it's about 8 mm) so I was lucky that it was as small as I hoped. The actual chain looks a bit different than pictured. The links are a bit bigger than I thought, so I just bought a different chain (I bought a 16" chain and it looks great) and transferred the square over. Over all the price is perfect. Much better than Jared Jewelers was quoting me (over $500 for the EXACT same necklace). I'm thinking of ordering a few more for gifts and myself in case I ever lose it since the price is so great. <end>
 B000JD36N6  Sterling Silver, Simulated Chalcedony & Enamel Flowers Pendant by David Sigal, 16" ||	  good buy  I bought this pendant for my friend it is very nice and she likes it a lot <end>
 B000JD36T0  Gold Plated Sterling Silver Byzantine Earrings ||	  earings  The insert piece to lock in the earring broke. I never even got a chance to wear them so I was a little disapointed.I really love the style of this earrings. Can you send me a new pair?Thanks for your concern on this item. <end>
 B000JE9HWE  14K Two-Tone Emerald & Diamond Cross Pendant With 16 inch Chain ||	  Great deal and good quality  The product is the same as I have seen on the web site. The quality of emerald looks good and this is the best deal I can get on the internet. <end>
 B000JEIOKK  10k Multi-Color Gold Filigree Dragonfly Pendant, 18" ||	  Gorgeous, delicate piece of jewelry  My wife loves this necklace - she loves dragonflies. It really is a gorgeous piece of jewelry, and I love the way she looks with it on. Very brilliant and colorful. A tiny negative  The chain is so delicate, I'm afraid it may break with just a slight tug. But so far, so good <end>  Too pretty to give away!  I originally purchased this as a gift, but when I opened the little blue box, I could not bear to part with it! It is much prettier in person than the picture gives it credit for. The white, yellow and rose gold blend perfectly. The detailing is beautiful. This is a great gift for a dragonfly lover, or any jewelry lover. <end>
 B000JEJAD0  Sterling Silver Faceted Black Onyx Ring, Size 8 ||	  Onyx, a classic...  I have always liked Onyx and when I opened up the package for this ring I was amazed at how well it was made. The stone is large but quite nice. It lends itself well with so many outfits and other jewelery. I wear this ring at least once a week and have gotten a lot of compliments on it. It's also well made. You don't always need bling. Onyx is a classic. <end>  awsome  Juanita, the receipient, was delighted with the ring, in fact, she still express her joy in owning it. thanks. <end>  Definitely Not Silver - May Not Even Be Onyx  I bought this ring despite the 2 negative reviews claiming the silver was tarnished. I frankly (sexistly) deduced that both negative reviews were made by men, who perhaps didn't know much about jewelry. I have to admit they were right. The 'tarnish' that they refer to isn't tarnish at all, but more like a wearing away of the metal - it can't be rectified by polishing the ring. It's definitely not silver, which is disappointing, but they've cleverly stamped the '925' (a symbol on sterling pieces) onto the inside of the ring. I'm also relatively certain that the 'onyx' is plastic as the facets are dull and look scratched, but can't be sure about that. The ring still looks relatively cute on, and I may keep it because I bought it to wear with a specific dress to a formal event, but very disappointed that I spent $35 on something that could have very well come out of a vending machine. <end>  Awful  The quality of this ring is horrible. The ring is made of some sort of plastic material and the onyx stone looks fake and horrible. This ring is not worth more than a dollar. <end>  Terrible Quality  After looking at this ring online, this seemed to be a decent quality piece for a good price. In this case you get what you pay for, upon receipt I was very disappointed to find that the silver was miscolored and spotted. I attempted to use a polishing cloth, but this was of no help.I would warn anyone that you get what you pay for with this ring, very cheap feeling and looking. You would be better off getting a ring out of a gumball machine. Luckily Amazon has a good return policy for these things. <end>  Awful costume jewelry  This ring is a very cheap imitation of what nice rings are supposed to be--and a bad one at that. I could not believe how much it DID NOT look like the picture. It was poorly made, and the stone and ring materials were costume quality, not real jewelry quality. To top it all off, the "silver" came tarnished--a supposedly new ring came tarnished as though it was brought up from a shipwreck. <end>
 B000JEKK1Q  10k Two-Tone Gold Filigree Butterfly Pendant, 18" ||	  Tri-tone Butterfly  This is a tri-tone butterfly with white, yellow and rose gold and I think it is laser cut because the shine is awesome. The white and yellow gold are mixed in to the wings and the body is rose gold and the pendant is of good size. I am in to butterflies and when I first saw this pendant, I could not take my eyes off of it. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because it is a tad delicate. The chain is like none I have ever encountered because it actually glitters. It is on the thin side but it truly is beautiful with the pendant and I am going to leave it on. I used to be a strictly a sterling silver and white gold person way before it became into vogue. But now, I am trying to beef up my gold jewelry collection and this was a good purchase to start with. Since I am like the average person and not made of money, I was lucky to get this pendant for half price. Recommended for all butterfly lovers. <end>  Great butterfly for a butterfly lover  It's a really beautiful spakling butterfly.I gave it 4 stars because I think it's small(but not too small) <end>
 B000JEZ9US  Prong Set Round CZ Tennis Bracelet ||	  AMAZING!!  Ive been wearing this bracelet for over 2 weeks now and people are just amazed. Everyone thinks its diamonds since its very shiny an looks incredibly real. Whenever i tell someone its cubic zirconia they laugh at my face! <end>
 B000JFKUBU  14k Rose Gold, Amethyst and Quartz Link Necklace, 18" ||	  flimsy jewellery  I had ordered this chain 5 months ago (Dec 06, and already heavily discounted)It came in and I shipped it right back. It was so flimsy and light that I didn't want to wear it, it looked very cheap. The links between the stones are paper thin, and what looks "hammered" on the photos is just well photographed.At least with Amazon, you get your money back.. <end>
 B000JFN5JY  Southern Enterprises Inc. Richmond Jewelry Armoire ||	  don't buy this  the saying "you get what you pay for" does not apply here. i paid over $300 for this and the craftsmanship is horrendous. nearly every screw on the backside was installed crooked. the unit does not sit level. the space above the side doors is clearly different on each side. only one screw was used to secure the finger handle on one of the side doors so it swiveled...the other sign was fine. to top it off, when the unit arrived, the base that the legs attach to was detached...the dowel pins were sheered in half. i don't understand how someone can stay in business selling something of such poor quality. <end>  SEI Freestanding Jewelry Armoire  It broke before I could get it out of the box. I did manage to fix it, but the wood that holds the drawers in place came loose before it was put together also. I had to reglue them. It is very pretty though. <end>  Decent quality for the price  Nice armoire for the price. The finish could be a little neater, there were some drip edges at the bottom, but not noticeable unless you are looking for it. The drawers don't slide as nicely as they should. It was shipped well packed, and unpacked without any problems. Love the style and design. Only wish that one drawer was dedicated to rings rather than the small top section. All in all, decent for the price. <end>  Great company!  Excellent item came in exactly as described. Very high quality for the price! I would definitely recommend this company and product to anyone looking for a great deal!!! <end>  Great deal  This is a well made jewelry armoire. It it a great mahogany color and went together very easily. My wife is very picky and she found nothing wrong with it. Great product for the price. <end>
 B000JFRFWM  Elegant Round Cubic Zirconia Tennis Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  good buy  great look, nice sparkle. good choice for a birthday gift for my daughter...she really likes it. Timely service too. <end>
 B000JGHQ84  Baroni Love Dream Believe Open Circle Necklace ||	  Awesome piece of art and quality jewelry  What a beautiful and inspirational piece of jewerly! A new twist to the eternity circle design. Very well made with circles that "dance" between and among each other creating a sense of movement. Inspirational message on each of the circles gives the wearer a reminder of things to moviate them. The three circles are a nice thickness but are not heavy and seem to "float" with movement. The snake chain is very substanial and is a wonderful complement to the three rings. I highly recommend this piece as a wonderful gift to someone special or for yourself. Well made, well done and beautiful--well worth the money. <end>
 B000JHKIWE  Gorgeous! Women's 14k White-gold (1/4 CT) 4.00MM Moissanite Solitaire Engagement Ring size 9 ||	  A good way to have an 'I do' answer  My girlfriend was delighted with this ring. I don't really believe in diamond exploitation and it's origin, and Mossianite was a nice option to buy a ring with a beautiful stone. And it also has a very pretty box! It's a nice way to have a good product at a good price. <end>
 B000JHW0FM  Sterling Silver Framed .999 Pure Silver Miniature Walking Liberty Style Millenium Coin Charm Pendant with 18" Box Chain Necklace ||	  Nice Necklace  I received the Walking Liberty Necklace very quickly.I really like it. It is just the right size. Nice chain included. I think coins make interesting jewelry pieces and this one works great. <end>  AAA+++  this piece is very nice. it is exactly what the seller described. The Shipping was very fast and inexpensive. the cost is outstanding! If you like quality craftsmanship and silver this piece is for you! the coin inside the sterling silver chain is .999 <end>  Sterling silver Framed .999 silver miniature coin  My item arrived very quickly and on opening it I was thrilled with the silver coin pendant. Excellent 10 star seller who I would recommend to everyone, very reliable. Sorry I took so long sending feedback it is the first time I have done this, so sorry for the delay. May I~ wish you a happy New Year and hope to do business with you in the future. If you have a larger silver mounted coin I would be very interested particularly if it is 999 quality.Many thanksAnn <end>  Fantastic!  This is really a great necklace, I purchased this for my Grand Daughter and because of the price I wasn't expecting anything special. I must say I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and the great service from the company. Fantastic! <end>  Perfect  This necklace was given to me by my husband for Christmas and I love it! I have gotten so many compliments on it. The price was great for such a beautiful necklace......a great buy. <end>
 B000JIMZ4W  10k White Gold Sapphire and Diamond Ring, Size 6 ||	  A beautiful ring but runs alittle big  I ordered a size 6 as this was a gift but it fits my ring finger and i wear a size 7. I actually expected the stones to be a bit smaller but was surprised by the size and very pleased. If you wear a size 6 I can guarantee it will fit a size 7 finger, so i would order a size down. <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring is very beautiful. The photo makes it look bigger than it is, in my opinion. But it still looks great. Very pretty and delicate. I am not into super large jewelry anyway. I ordered a size 7 based on the ring sizing guide which actually turned out to be a bit big for me. Not sure why since I wear size 7 in other rings I have. Other than that I am happy with this purchase, especially since I got it at an additional 50% discount. <end>
 B000JIMZ9C  10k White Gold Sapphire and Diamond Ring, Size 5 ||	  A beautiful ring but runs alittle big  I ordered a size 6 as this was a gift but it fits my ring finger and i wear a size 7. I actually expected the stones to be a bit smaller but was surprised by the size and very pleased. If you wear a size 6 I can guarantee it will fit a size 7 finger, so i would order a size down. <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring is very beautiful. The photo makes it look bigger than it is, in my opinion. But it still looks great. Very pretty and delicate. I am not into super large jewelry anyway. I ordered a size 7 based on the ring sizing guide which actually turned out to be a bit big for me. Not sure why since I wear size 7 in other rings I have. Other than that I am happy with this purchase, especially since I got it at an additional 50% discount. <end>
 B000JJGJ1Q  18 Inch Long 2mm Diameter Black Rubber Cord Necklace w/Sterling Silver Clasp ||	  Great item  I know it is quite expensive for just a cord. But my old one's clasp is broken and I have been looking for a better cord necklace to replace it. And this is just what I want. It has great quality and nice small clasp. <end>
 B000JJH4RO  18 Inch Long 4mm Diameter Cherry Red Rubber Cord Necklace w/Sterling Silver Clasp ||	  The only 4mm red rubber necklace I can find  All the others are only 3mm, and for a guy the 4mm size is better I think. <end>
 B000JJHE8I  S/S Stellar Snowflake Diam Pend - GHSW158 ||	  great craftsmanship  This is a beautiful piece of jewelry. I have had so many compliments on it.Thanks for your timely delivery. -) K <end>
 B000JJJJDG  14K 2 Tone Cat Outline Pend - GH17237 ||	  Purrfect Pendant  The picture doesn't do it justice. It's a beautiful pendant and great quality. I definitely recommend this for a cat lover. <end>
 B000JJLM40  14K Beer Mug 6M Square Citrine - Gh16666 ||	  I love beer!  My girlfriend and I both bought this charm as we are not only BFF's but Beer Buddies as well. This charm is cute and fun. The Citrine is pretty, love foam detail =} <end>
 B000JJNL1W  14K RN Pendant - GH11842 ||	  Capt. Volt  I gave this to my wife for christmas and she loved it. Great quality just as they stated. <end>
 B000JJNOE6  14K Bypass Butterflies Toe Ring - GH24192 ||	  OMG ,how cute!!!!!  I received my package a day before it was even scheduled to be shipped. It is not thin metal at all and it looks sooooo cute. Very good quality. <end>
 B000JKNVUC  Antiqued Black Hills Gold Men's Horseshoe Ring ||	  Excellent Product  The shipping was fast and great. When I received the ring I was very impressed with the packaging and with the ring itself. I was so happy with it that I had to give it to my financee immediately. He loved it and is wearing it all the time. The product was exactly how it was described and worth every penny. I was very, very impressed and happy. <end>  Gorgeous Ring Indeed!!  I LOVE this ring! I wish I could get one in white gold with a few 2pt. diamonds in the horseshoes nail holes.This is the Most Beautiful Horseshoe Ring I've ever seen. ....I will always check with the Rich Peel Co. for anymore of my jewelry needs. <end>
 B000JL6H8E  Signature 10&#x0027;&#x0027; Diamond Cut Bead Rollo Anklet ||	  great piece!  I bought this as a gift for a friend and she was very pleased with it. She says it's very delicate and girlie like, just like in the pic! I'm so happy she loved it! <end>  Not as daintly as I would like  I was looking for a dainty little bracelet for my ankle and this does not fit the bill once I saw it in person. I think that the spheres are a bit too big for my taste and it does not have that feminine dainty look that I was going for. This is what happens when an item is bought online sight unseen. No fault of the seller, of course, just not to my personal liking. However, item was as described and looks exactly like the pic. Others may like it though. <end>
 B000JLB81A  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Round Amethyst Pendant, 18" ||	  Stone is fine, chain is cheap.  The stone and setting are fine and as described. The chain, however, is possibly the cheapest and flimsiest feeling chain I've ever had the misfortune of owning. The clasp is tiny and difficult to operate, and it feels like one sharp tug would break the chain. I'll be buying a decent gold chain at a department store to put this pendant on. <end>
 B000JLD05W  Surgical Steel 6mm Wedding Band Spinner Ring Laser Etched Roman Numerals on Matte Background, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  No spin to this spinner  Bought this ring to fidget with during class, but when it arrived it didn't spin very well. Used some graphite, helped a little, but then it went back to the poor spinning. Still looks nice, but it doesn't spin well at all. <end>  nice but...  it's a good ring, for the price. I do like the spinners, however the XII is upside down, twelve was XII NOT IIX. At least last I checked! <end>  Fantastic ring!  I bought this ring to give to my boyfriend and when it came in the mail I feel in love with it so much that if he doesn't like it I am totally keeping it for myself! The ring seems to be true to size. The fact that it rotates makes it really cool and the way the whole ring is made seems pretty well done. I would definitely recommend this ring! <end>  Numerals wrong  The numerals (12 was IIX) were wrong but its a good ring otherwise. I got it to cheaply replace my wedding ring. It works. <end>   D  I bought this ring for my friend in Sweden as a friendship gift. I waited for weeks for it to come in and when it finally arrived I was not disappointed. He opened the box and he was amazed at the ring aswell. Now he wont even take it off. <end>  Very nice  I ordered this for myself as I had always wanted a spinner ring. It arrived very quickly and it was just as described. I put it on and was surprised at how comfortable it was. I catch myself spinning the ring all the time. I love this ring. <end>  Love this ring! It looks great!  My friend said it looks just like a Tiffany ring! haha! Honestly though, it's very pretty and looks nice & expensive. It's very sturdy as well. I will definitely buy another ring like this. It's a great ring! I highly recommend it! <end>  Perfect fit. ring spins perfectly and looks ah-mazing! will buy from this seller again  Bought this ring because I thought it looked good and was not disappointed. Perfection. I constantly get compliments about it and it's polished so perfectly people think it's high quality silver when it's only steel. I love it! Highly Recommend it to all and as far as I know their rings are sized perfectly because it fits my size 9 fingers exactly. comfortable and durable. After several weeks of wear, no scratches and still very shiny and polished. <end>  hmmmm  Spinner doesnt work....I bought this ring for my boyfriend because he has a thing with clicking pens, and spinning his watch....thought it would be pretty neat thing for him.... at first it was cool for because he would spin it then it just stopped...it would get stuck so if you want it to because it "spins" it may not. <end>  Spinning in style  I love the contrast of the metals(polished and brushed) of the ring. I've received many compliments, when wearing it. I'm very content with my purchase -]!!! <end>  awesome ring  Really awesome ring. comes in a nice little box, pretty cool. i give this product two thumbs up. <end>
 B000JLMVAM  14KYG Diamond Cross Pendant ||	  Diamond Accent Cross in Circle Pendant  Ordered easily and received promptly.The pendant is cheap, flimsy and disappointing. This came the day before Christmas, if I'd had time to purchase something else, I would have. I was extremely disappointed in every aspect of the quality, and embarrassed to give it as a gift. $50. would have been overpaying. <end>
 B000JM8E3Y  Stainless Steel Cuff Bangle Bracelet with Tribal Design, 8 inch long ||	  A great and inexpensive buy  I am very pleased with the purchase of this bracelet. It has an unique and nice design and it is really worthy.And the service Sabrina provides is great also because they sent it to me soon and packaged as I requested. <end>  Extremely nice Bracelet  I'm very satisfied with this item. The design is nice and the finishing is also of top quality. The price is very affordable and worth ever penny.If you like this kind of tribal pattern and this form of bracelet, go for it! Just make sure it fits on your wrist since it's a bit small.The seller is also very helpful and very prompt with the shippment. <end>
 B000JME5RI  Sterling Silver Lunar Phases of the Moon Spinning Spin Band Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  These rings are beautiful!  UPDATE  I took a bath with the ring on, and the spots disappeared. I am upping my rank to 5 stars. I think it might have just been glue residue from the sizing tag. I love this ring and bought the matching one for my fiance for our wedding.I received the rings today and they are beautiful and highly polished. The band is extremely comfortable. I am also very pleased with the shipping speed and the time it took to arrive at the post office. The ring was beautifully wrapped in a velvet gift bag.The only reason I gave this 4 stars was because the enamel is a little spotty on the full moon, but I like to pretend that the spots are moon craters. It gives the ring character.Other than that, I am extremely pleased. I'd rate this 4.5 stars if the option was available. <end>  Not worth the money  I personally rarely spend much money on jewelry. I thought this item looked like a fun finger toy to have, so I bought it. I don't regret buying it, but I wouldn't buy again. It is fun to spin, but doesn't spin very well. Soap gets caught into it, and it is such a hassle to clean! Buy this if you have a lot of money in your pockets and you want to waste it. <end>  bleeds  The rings look absolutely awesome. Unfortunately they don't like my skin. They bleed out on my skin. Because of that I can't give them a great score. <end>  Great ring!  Looks exactly like it did in the description picture. It spins really well!!! Great little ring. I love it. Which is a good thing since its my wedding ring. But yeah, it's beautifully made as usual. I've never gotten a bad product from Silver Insanity. <end>  It's great to find "That gift"  I ordered this ring as a keepsake for my girlfriend before leaving for college, and after hours of searching for "just the right one," I am so glad I found this. It served perfectly as the special reminder, especially considering how central the moon is in our relationship. When ordering, however, make sure you have the right size. I ordered one size to big, and had to order another (though I don't really mind, since I'm now keeping the larger one. ^_^ ). Next to each other, they look the same, but the difference is big when fitting it on.It works exactly as advertised, and looks just as good. Shipping was fast, especially when expedited. It is a great doo-dad to play with throughout the day, and remind me of my special girl. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because it attracts scuffs easier than the back of an iPod. My ring has gone to shiny to "matte" finish in two weeks, though I don't really mind, since its the symbolism that's most important for me.If this strikes you as "That thing that would be just right," don't hesitate to purchase. Many happy moons! <end>  Awesome Ring  I must say, this ring is even better than I was expecting it to be. It took a little bit of breaking in to make it spin better but it, within the last few hours, has become my new favorite pass time. If you're a fidgety person or are in need of a none harmful nervous habit, this is the ring for you! I have to take the ACT in a couple of weeks and I can't wait to sit and spin the ring for the whole 3 hours. ^_^Highly recommended. <end>  great  I always love the items I get from silverinsanity the spinner ring is great it spins smoothly on its base and fits perfectly <end>  Great  This ring is perfect. I've always been a little on the moony side. And this ring seems to be well made and worth the price <end>  exactly what I asked for  This ring is of good quality. I have seen no sign of it wearing down, and after the first couple halts it spins well. it is true to the picture, and just as pretty. Also, they know their sizing. I tend to order all my rings a little small cause I have skinny fingers so I need the ring to be snug to stay put. Plus, many rings online tend to run large. This manufacture actually puts down the correct size, so while I cant wear the ring on the finger I expected too, It fits very well on the next one over. my only complaint is a personal one. The ring is a spinner, so it is a tad on the bulky side. I work with my hands a lot so I cant wear it as much as I would like. (and you cant get clay out of a spinner ring easily, I suggest a plugged drain and a power wash) <end>  Beautiful phases  It is to expect that sterling silver doesn't last that long under hard daily wear. However, I'm surprised that mine lasted pretty well. If I have money again, I'd definitely order from this guy once more! <end>  I bought this Ring for my younger sister.  I was very pleased that The ring arrived early and with its appearance, flawless. But as my sister was wearing it the outer part of the ring turned black and the ring Tarnished just hours after getting it. Sterling Silver is not supposed to change when water has touched it, this is exactly what happened in my case. Other than that, the ring still spins and she still wears it daily. <end>  It's just what I wanted, but...  The ring is exactly the kind that I have always wanted, but the quality leaves something to be desired. The moons are made of some kind of resin that warps very easily. They will definitely fall out over time. Still, with some silver tarnish and a cotton swab, it's easily remedied. <end>  Ring  Ring was as stated,however it is a spinner ring,and it has a tight spot in it so it doesnt spin as freelyas it should, but a nice ring over all.Im happy with it <end>
 B000JR61N4  Remote Control Holder - "Little Tree" Azure RCH-32 ||	  A unique find!  Several years ago, my mother purchased a remote control holder for me for Christmas/Chanukah. It was a giant black, plastic remote control holder that spun around and held about 6 remotes. I only had 3 remote controls, and did not particularly like the fact that the giant black remote control holder took up much of my small coffee table. Still, I used it, and kept my eye out over the years for something better. Then recently I purchased this Little Tree Azure Hand Painted Remote Control Holder. I have had several friends and family over since I bought this new remote control holder and every single one of them have commented on how cute it is. What a unique find. <end>
 B000JR7YE4  Eyeglass Holder - "Little Tree" Paprika SGH-30 ||	  Not much to say about them but they're cool  They seem well constructed (I've had two of them for a while now). I like the convenient way to store my glasses. The paint jobs are cool and they don't appear cheap at all. <end>
 B000JREB8G  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot cut-out Men's Ring Flawless Quality 5/16 inch wide, sizes 9 to 14 ||	  Great product, slow delivery, think twice about ordering again  The product purchased was great! the delivery time and cost to deliver something this small was terrible. It took all of the alloted time to get here. I love silver and I'm a big fan of the celtic styles. I love this ring, I don't think I would order from this merchant again due to the time it took to get here and the cost to mail something this lite. <end>
 B000JREBPO  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Men's Ring Flawless Quality 3/8 inch wide, sizes 9 to 14 ||	  Not as shown or referenced.  Ring design does not go all the way around. Not shown or referenced. Misleading and they only offer refund of purchase - not a correction or providing ring as advertised. Beware!! Most likely other ring designs too do not go all the way around. <end>  I like the whole design...but...  it's not finished! I should have read the review that was already on here, so I blame myself. But I thought the design was edgy so I bought it right away. Only problem was that it was a promise ring in return to the one my boyfriend gave me. So...giving him a ring with an unfishied love tie was kind of...sad. Other than that it's a good ring, he just turns the blank spot downward. It also shipped very quickly. I really do wish they would SHOW YOU what it looks like, though. <end>
 B000JRO3OI  Three Stone Princess Cut Diamond Ring 1/4ctw in White Gold - Size 6 ||	  Great Ring!  I purchased this as an engagement ring for my girlfriend. The ring arrived very quickly and was very beautiful. It is not a big ring but then again I didn't expect it to be. It is perfect for what I wanted it for. Quality of the ring looks great, no visible problems what-so-ever. I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a great gift or engagement ring that won't break the bank. <end>  beautiful  I love it! it is really so beautiful. I got it almost a week sooner than the estimate they gave me and it is gorgeous. I would highly recomend them to anyone. Thank you! <end>  Diamond-Me  Anybody measured the weight of ring? I happened to do so several months later after I got it. It is 2.2 grams (size 7) instead of 4 grams as shown on the website. <end>  Ring too small  The overall price and description on line was good. However when it was received it was much smaller than expected. In the future can an actual life description be given. <end>  I love it!  My fiance got me this ring. It is beautiful! The shipping was fairly fast. The diamonds are perfect. It is a stunning ring! <end>  Excellent delivery time!  This was the fastest delivery I have ever received and I am also very well pleased with the product <end>  The one ring  The overall quality of the diamond was superb the only complaint that I have is that I ordered the ring with a size "8" instead I received a "7.5" size band. I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for that mistake, however, I will continue to order from Amazon.com <end>  nice ring  I got this as an engagement ring for my girlfriend and she loves it. I really don't care about the ring but if it makes a girl happy, it is a good ring. <end>
 B000JRQ06C  Chelsea's Choice Log Wood Beaded Chunky Collar Necklace ||	  Wife loved it  All I need to say is that the wife loved it and wears it regularly. <end>
 B000JRQ07Q  Sherry's Choice Wood Beaded Long Necklace with Baked Glass Amber Pendant ||	  Okay, but not nearly what I expected  I did order this online through amazon, but did not feel that this is what I thought it to be. The beads are huge, and honestly, I don't think I will wear it. Problem is, when it was sent, nothing was ever said "if you are not satisfied with the purchase please call (insert number here) or send it back in this envelope...I will even pay the postage, I just don't care for it as I the image and description made me believe I would.The price was great, I thought I was getting a great deal. But when I pulled it out of the package, I saw that the beads were big and not quite as long as I expected either.Sorry. <end>
 B000JSFWYW  Ivory Color Natural Tone Lark Bangle Bracelet ||	  Great service!  Item exactly as pictured/described; great quality; prompt shipping. I am very happy w/my purchase! <end>
 B000JSG3TA  Lime Green Multistrand Stretch Beaded Cuff Bracelet ||	  Fashionable and fun  I love this bracelet. I bought it for a friend as a birthday gift and I think I will buy another for myself. The color is nice, not too "lime" as I was originally afraid and the clasp on the bracelet keeps it secure. Its trendy and inexpensive...A must have! <end>  Stunning  Well made, stunning piece. Incredible service from this store! Beautifully presented. I will buy here again. <end>  Lime Green Multistrand Stretch Beaded Cuff  My bracelet is not as attractive as the bracelet shown. The cut out on the buckle is rough and looks slightly flawed. I would not give this item (my particular one) as a gift, but I wore it to work today and got compliments. <end>  Birthday Present  I purchased for my daughter at her request as birthday present and she was very very pleased with it. I can tell after many years which are pleased but just to please me or presents she really likes. This one she really liked. Thanks <end>  Terrible  Typically everything I purchase from Amazon I have been extremely happy with and I rely much on other customer reviews. I have been eyeballing this bracelet for some time now. After debating I decided to go ahead and order it. First off it smells AWFUL! I can't even describe the smell but it smells toxic and like something you shouldn't be putting anywhere near/on your skin. The wooden clasp was all sorts of chipped, uneven and had sharp splinters sticking out all over. Does anyone do a check before sending out defective merchandise???? AND the way the strings of beads are held together from the looks of it I could have made this bracelet myself. The strings were tied and cut way too short and are on the verge of unraveling probably on the first wear. Definitely disappointed because it looked like it would be a piece that would spruce up a would be plain outfit. Do yourself a favor and save your $10. Maybe I got a lemon? But I highly doubt it.Hope this helps someone debating on whether or not to purchase. <end>  amazing...unique!  this has to be by far the coolest bracelet i own! the black cuff makes it! it truly makes an outfit work! everyone loves it!! <end>
 B000JTLUTW  Patti's Choice Round Cut White Shell Dangle Earrings ||	  Cute!  Very cute, but not the best quality. Very thin shell, about an inch in diameter. They get a little tangled up when the wind blows. <end>
 B000JTMGVI  White Mother Of Pearl Traditional Hoop Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Sophisticated  I have a pair of these earrings. While I didnt purchase them from this vendor, I can tell you that these mother of pearl earrings are the epitome of elegance and sophistication. You can find them all over and get a great deal on them (under $50), so keep an eye out (though I cant speak for quality, so judge individually for yourself). People think that mother of pearl has to cost a fortune, but it is widely available and the round cut of these earrings really show off its best features.If you do get these earrings, there is only one precaution I would take...you cant wear these with everything and they can washout some complexions if youre not careful, so make sure that they work with your outfit and makeup. Sometimes I find they look brilliant and other times, its just not happening. These earrings arent for everyday if you ask me. They're for a nice dinner or an important meeting where you want to look 110%.I'm sure that these will be one of your most prized pieces of jewelry! What a bargain! <end>
 B000JTOWNS  Lavender Jade Traditional Hoop Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Beautiful, well made - but.....  These are beautiful earrings, the perfect size for me and well-made, and I'm happy with them. HOWEVER - the color is a fair amount darker than the photograph, which I believe means that they are dyed, not natural lavender jade. I expected them to be the color in the photograph, which is a natural lavender jade color. Untreated lavender jade is nearly always on the pale end of the spectrum. I see other lavender jade on Amazon which is truthfully advertised as dyed; this seller did not advertise their product as dyed, but as dark as it is, I believe that it must be dyed. If it isn't dyed, I would love to see the seller state that. Had I known the earrings were darker in color than the photo and were dyed, I might not have ordered them. There is nothing wrong with them and they are excellent quality, it's just that I would have preferred to purchase a "natural" product because it's considered "better" in the jade/jewelry world; good quality natural/untreated is always better than color-treated, AFAIC. If you want rich-colored, medium-dark lavender and a well-made product, however, these are the earrings for you. <end>
 B000JUFTYS  Hummingbird Pin from the Artazia Collection #607 NP ||	  Attractive & fun pin  I like the pin very much. It is not as colorful as pictured.However, it is an artistic and pretty piece which my wife will enjoy wearing. <end>  She really seemed to love it  A nice and colorful little pin. It was smaller than I imagined it but she thinks it is just right. <end>  poor colours  I gave this product only 2 stars, because it wasn&#8217;t that good as it was described here. on the photo brooch has bright colours, but when I received the product I was really disappointed.colours were very poor. moreover the brooch has crack. for product, that is absolutely ordinary (no gold, no silver, no gemstones) and has visible defect, 78 dollars are more than expensive. <end>
 B000JUV6CW  The Nativity Christmas Music Box by The Bradford Exchange ||	  Nicely done with a spiritual influence  Of the Kinkade pieces I purchased, this was the best music box. There is a sense of awe in the painting on the underside of the lid. The Nativity scene is intricate and reverent. It has an elegance about it that further complements the spiritual nature it portrays. I was VERY pleased with this piece. The sound is good and it plays the whole song unlike two others that just played one line over and over. A true Christmas collectible that you will glad to own or give to someone special. <end>  Wow!  This musical box blew my mind away! It's so lovely and exquisite. The attention to detail (in the nativity scene) is amazing. If you think it looks good in its picture, you should see it in person. Beautiful, beautiful ornament!! <end>  No off switch  Appearance wise, this is a beautiful music box. The music is nice--in tune--although it has a short repeat. I bought this as a gift and had no time to find another or I would have sent it back because once the movement is wound up, it must run down completely. There is no switch on the bottom and no little button on the lid. It just plays and plays and plays. I'm surprised that something so beautiful is missing such a minor feature. <end>
 B000JV9AUQ  14KWR Diamond Heart Charm Earrings ||	  Darling!  I love these yellow gold hearts on the white gold hoops. They are small, go with everything and create a tiny dangle while wearing them. I wish they were a tad larger, but I love them for everyday. <end>
 B000JVXO6M  Emerald Green Hearts Beaded Long Collar Necklace ||	  Beautiful item, poorly made  Its a great product and I love their cause however, the jewlery fell apart after wearing it only twice. <end>
 B000JVXRLY  Green Crochet Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  Disappointed  The "crochet" beads were larger than they appeared in the picture - or course without a pic of it on a person, there is no sense of scale - and not as fine or dainty as my daughter thought it would be. Being called a "collar" necklace, implies that it is fairly short, which would account for her thinking the beads would be smaller than they are. The necklace is actually fairly long - not a "collar" necklace at all. <end>  Looks cheap  I won't be wearing this to work because the crocheted beads look cheap. The color in the picture is deceiving too, because the green is actually brighter. <end>
 B000JWDRV8  Ivory Bone Ring Bangle Stretch Bracelet ||	  Very unique bracelet!  It is a very unique bracelet except it is very small. It should only fit either a young teenager or someone with a very tiny wrist! Too bad!! <end>  junky  got this and put it on. as I put it on, the rings broke and the elastic knot came untied, so the whole thing fell to pieces on the floor. got a refund. not good quality <end>  came broken  I ordered this bracelet recently and when I received it two bands of the bracelet were stretched out. So I am unable to wear the bracelet and feel that I wasted my money. <end>  Bad Quality  The elastic band was on the verge of breakage.The elasticity was totally gone and beads were falling apart.Just initiated a return.Not worth. <end>
 B000JWIEIO  Intricate Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Pattern on Dark Emerald-Green Glass Donut Amulet Pendant ||	  wonderful piece of jewelry  Got this pendant for my daughter and it is more beautiful than the picture. It was reasonably priced and I received it in a timely manner. She enjoys it very much! <end>
 B000JWIEIY  Sterling Silver Celtic Trinity Knot on Black Onyx Hook Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings  I am fully happy with my purchase of these lovely black onyx earring. They actually are lighter than I thought they would be, which is GREAT! I have received alot of compliments on these earrings. I love them! <end>
 B000JWJG86  Egyptian Silver Accessory Chains -16",18",20",22" or 24" ||	  Pretty knecklace  Although I probably could have found a similar Necklace at a store in town, I really liked the fact that it was supposed to be from Egypt. The chain is the perfect link to showcase my cartouche and is well made. A great gift or something for yourself. <end>  Lovely  I bought this for my niece's 16th birthday in December. She hasn't taken it off since she got it. The quality and workmanship are excellent. It is more substantial than the picture shows; nothing flimsy about this pendant! The customer service from this company was excellent, also. <end>  Great product, even better service.  I accidentally had this chain sent to my old address when i ordered it because i didn't change the default to my new address. When i emailed Steve, he completely worked with me and said as long as i was willing to get another one, he would give me free shipping. I would definitely do business with him again. Thanks Steve! <end>  Egyptian Treasures  This is a great company! Quality products at a fair price! Great customer service! I will definitely buy from them again. <end>
 B000JWNKHE  18" Egyptian 18K Gold Pendant Chain ||	  Beautiful Necklace  This is a beautiful necklace! Egyptian Imports truly has quality items at affordable prices. <end>
 B000JWOKWI  Turquoise Bracelet ||	  Definetly Worth the Money  This bracelet is about 8 inches (20 cm) around and stretchy. There are two stretchy, durable threads holding the beads together. The alternating circular and rock turquoise beads are very cute and accentuated by the silver colored beads, however, the silver is already rubbing off on the edges of the beads. This is only noticeable on close inspection, so others won't notice, but it could mean that the silver will eventually completely wear off. However, for less than $3, it's worth it. <end>  Lots of Bling for your Buck!  This is a beautiful bracelet! The stones are darker than they appeared on my computer monitor. They are a beautiful robin's egg blue and the small silver beads accent the blue beautifully. It fits my small wrist and would look just as good on someone with a bigger wrist. And you won't be saying that it's smaller than you thought it would be. It's substantial without being overpowering. Even with the shipping charges, it's still a good deal. <end>
 B000JWVYEA  Loving Family Vermeil Pendant Featuring a Loving Mother and Her Child ||	  Mother & Child Pendant.  I got this for my mum for Christmas. She had it a bit early and wore it the next day to work. She said all the staff were commenting it and they loved it almost as much as she does, maybe a couple of them will be getting their own??? <end>  great mother's day gift  my wife was quite thrilled with this pendant. all of her co-workers admired it as well. for the price it is a great gift for a great lady...the mother of your children. the necklace is a bit long, but that can be replaced easily. <end>
 B000JWXYNE  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her ||	  Top quality  I like the product. The color is great, the material too. I recommended. <end>  NOT RECIEVED ITEM!!!  I ordered this product December 17, 2010 and it is now January 1, 2011. I have not recieved this order at all and still waiting. I am getting very frustrated because I am preparing to get married soon and do not have a ring. What kind of company is this to have such disgrace to they're consumers? I mean really I was really hoping to have this amazing ring to get married with, but can't even do that with this ring. So I am just going to look for another ring else where, where the employee's will actually work to give the products to the right people and to that person as well as send it to get married in. I am so displeased with this company and product that it is coming from. And have a Happy New Years! 2011 <end>  Not remotely like the picture.  This ring is GIANT, i mean "block incoming laser beams from space" giant. I mean "Wonder-twins-activate" giant. too big to be attractive, and if you copy and paste this ring into the search bar in amazon, you will find the same ring from other vendors, that IS correct. What a WIDE ring. <end>  size 7 is not feminine  the seller shipped had fast shipping but the ring was alot thicker than what was said. not much shine , the ring had no life, i had to return it <end>
 B000JXT6YE  14K White Gold Diamond Circle Pendant & 18" Chain ||	  it was ok....  there were some complaints. first, it took some time for it to be shipped out (4 days). i had it shipped expedited 2-3days and it took 6 days to get to my house. second, its cheaper on the website (10% off). third, three of the diamonds were really dull and under size compared to the other ones. the necklace wasn't as sparkling as the photo showed. <end>  This necklace was just what I wanted.  Although Netaya's diamonds don't look as pretty in person as they do online (I also had a Netaya ring bought from My wishlist) this necklace was just what I wanted. <end>
 B000JYJ166  Silver Diamond Initial Pendant "S" with Silver Chain ||	  Overall excellent  Absolutely LOVE this pendant. It still shines and sparkles, is elegant and the quality is excellent. Highly recommend to everyone. <end>
 B000JZ8J40  Southwestern Style Bear with Heartline and Bear Paw Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise and Lapis Chip Inlay for Men or Women, Size 7, #10518 ||	  SOUTHWESTERN STYLE BEAR WITH HEARTLINE  THE RING IN THE PICTURE IS THE RING THAT I ORDERED BUT IT IS NOT THE RING I RECEIVED. THE ONE IN THE PICTURE HAS A TURQUOISE BEAR ON IT WITH A SILVER HEARTLINE THROUGH IT. THE ONE I RECEIVED HAS AN INSET BEAR WTIH BLACK BACKGROUND AND A BEAR PAW ON IT. <end>
 B000K1OWB2  Multi Gemstone Bead Necklace, Adjustable ||	  Perfect!  I was looking for a multicolored necklace that would look simple but beautiful and this one is perfect. Colorful without being overpowering. One of my favorite pieces. I can wear it with anything and it looks great. I would recommend this to anyone. Excellent quality for a great price. <end>
 B000K1QUO4  Swarovski Crystal, Chinese Turquoise and Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  My new favorite bracelet  The colors in this bracelet are gorgeous. Love the mix of the crystals and turquoise. <end>
 B000K29RSY  Sterling Silver and 14k Yellow Gold Citrine Ring, Size 5 ||	  Nice looking ring  For the price, this designer knockoff is a good deal. Obviously, it looks smaller in person, but looks good and actually will look better when allowed to tarnish a bit in the ridges. <end>  Very pretty ring...  I ordered this in the citrine. Love it, and might get the amethyst and peridot ones too! I only gave it a 4 b/c the little gold bands don't really show much (not a problem for me, just not quite like the picture) and the shipping took longer than I'd have liked (but, hey, it was super saver...). All in all, very pretty and comfortable ring! <end>  Lovely ring  I love the ring and it is very unique, it is large as the image indicate and the design is just as pretty up close <end>  Lovely ring  Sterling Silver and 14k Gold Citrine RingThis well made ring is lightweight so pleasant to wear, the stone is bright and lovely....the style mirrors that of a designer ring. <end>  very poor material  i bought this and wore it twice and it's all tarnished and cheap looking. never again on this one. Usually i am very satisified with Amazon but this one is bad. <end>  Nice  I like the ring a lot. It was actually bigger (more substantial) than I thought that it would be. The size was right. I have been wearing it regularly for about a month - it has not tarnished at all. Still very polished and bright. Nice purchase. <end>  LOVE IT!!  I have received many compliments on this ring. My husband and friends were shocked when I told them the price. <end>
 B000K2GMNW  IGI Certified 18k Gold Round-Cut 4-Prong Diamond Studs (1 1/2 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity) ||	  Quite disappointing...  The diamonds were on the lower range described, Color I, Clarity SI2 (not really a surprise...) but the mountings were 14k and not 18k white gold as stated. <end>  Color I / SI2; easy online purchase, good return policy, but no great bargain.  Promptly shipped, nicely packaged, with clear documentation. Stones received were in the lower end of the described range  Color I and Clarity SI2. After Amazon's jewelry sale of 40% discount, the $3800 purchase price seemed to be about the same as Blue Nile or a retail store. Happy with purchase, easily done online, good return policy, but no great bargain. <end>  A girl's best friend  It had been a tough couple of years for my wife of 21 years and me but she stuck with me when many women probably would not have. Now stronger than ever it seemed like an important time to emphasize just how much my wife's strength and love meant to me, thus the opening for a rather extravagant gift. I was concerned that she might think that she already had more than enough jewelery or that the financial outlay might be a turn off...Forget it. Her eyes lit up like the gleam of these little sparklers and it was immediately clear that I'd made the right call. The earrings are beautiful and at least as good as advertised. The stones are bright and clear and reflect light beautifully. The mountings are top quality with secure closures. A great decision to buy. <end>
 B000K2IN16  10k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Studs (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Itsy-bitsy, teeny-weeny and downright embarrassing  These stones are miniscule, teeny-weeny cheap-looking things. Much too small for a teenager or adult. The photo on the website is deceptive. The backing may actually be larger than the stone. Planned to present them as a gift, but would be embarrassed to give them to anyone. They are so tiny, they'd be lost in a jewelry box. Back they go to Amazon. Lots of trouble and expense for something so trivial. <end>  Good but not great!  It's what you'd expect for the price. The diamonds aren't the best quality but they do their job. A great "just because" gift. <end>  Just what I thought they would be  These are small and simple--just what I wanted. There are no noticable flaws and the clarity is better than I expected for the price. <end>  1/4 cut diamond earings  Arrived 4 days early. They are more than I expected. They look amazing and the clarity is brilliant. I have had compliments in just one day on how beautiful they are. <end>  Was Happy with there look  I was very happy with the look of these ear rings BUT one of the clasps was laying insde the jewelry box and would not work i.m sure Amazon is not to blame but it was like some one had opened these before I did. <end>  Cheep nice looking earings  They look pretty nice for as cheep as they are but anybody that knows jewelry will know they are budget earings, they also have a really crappy back that almost fell apart when I took it out of the box but you get what you pay for <end>  Diamonds!  I got these for my wife for V-Day. I was a little unsure because of all the reviews that said that the diamonds were so small and the picture was misleading. She opened them up and loved them. She put them in right then and they looked amazing to me. I guess if your looking for a huge diamond then don't get 1/4 cttw diamonds! Let's be real about this! The picture is "enlarged" so you can get a better look at them. I Love these diamonds and so does my wife. I would recommend these to anyone looking to get their wife some beautiful earrings. Thank! <end>  meh...so so  These were nice, but VERY small, but hey you get what you pay for.Nice for babies, but not so much for adults..... <end>  Great gift for somebody special  I bought these earrings for my wife's birthday and she loves them. When the earrings arrived, I was surprised on how small they are. The diamond is 1/8" x 1/8" and free of any visible defects. The great thing about buying from Amazon is the high probability you are getting a good value for your money. The earrings come in dark blue formal paper box with the earrings in a fabric bag, just wrap the box and the gift is ready to go. <end>  Princess cut earings  Beautiful in sparkle and clairity. I wish they would put something in the picture so you can see the actual size. They are smaller than I thought they would be. BUT, they are definitely great for a third earring hole. My only concern is that the posts seem thinner than posts in the past. I have had trouble keeping newer earrings in because the backs fall off. And though this pair seems like it is tight enough, the thin post is a worry. Other than that they arrived quickly and are perfect for me. <end>  Very Small  Beautiful - and a sweet little gift for my daughters BF - but "little" being the operative word here .They are very small - and although we knew that at the price they were not going to be what "appeared" in the picture shown - we were still taken aback at how tiny they were. <end>
 B000K2K4YU  14k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Studs (1/3 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  too small  save your money and wait for something larger. i opened the box and thought it was empty. <end>  Can't beat the price  I have purchased diamonds for my wife that have cost way more and shine the same. These are great for a budget diamond earring! <end>  A Good Buy  These were on sale on amazon and I went for them! They're really nice for the price and while I can see the imperfections (dark spots/inclusions), they're not that bad and they definitely sparkle. They're very pretty and I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>  Nice pair of inexpensive earrings  I had originally purchased a pair of .5 carat studs from another amazon retailer and ended up returning them. They looked like glass or better yet rock salt! I ended up buying these ones and I was extremely happy with them. They are very clear, not cloudy at all with a great sparkle.If you're looking for a nice, quality pair of diamond earrings, I would recommend these. <end>  worth the price  I bought this on sale, and definitely worth the price! The diamonds sparkle with few inclusions. I don't think people will be able to look close enough to notice the inclusions when I am wearing them so the few imperfections do not bother me. The only thing that's keeping me from giving this a five star is the gold part -- it's rather thin, I'm afraid it might easily break. <end>  great price for such beautiful diamond earrings  this was quite a surprise when i received them. they were not what i (to my delight) expected. Hurray Amazon. what great deals!!!! <end>  Really nice earrings!  I ordered these earrings and gave them to my wife for a christmas gift. They were just the right size and believe it or not the diamonds sparkle. My wife loves these earrings! <end>  ok for the price  Its ok for the price, but doesnt come with papers or any avaluation, good size stone but the gold is very thin, not like the photo. <end>  Disappointed  This is the first item that was very disappointing. The diamonds do not have much sparkle, actual cloudy and they didn't even look the same size. Had I had more time, I would have returned them. The color and clarity ratings were definitely incorrect.Anne <end>  Okay...  They were inexpensive, but if you want diamonds that look like crushed ice with dirt inside, then these are for you! <end>  Love my earrings  I have been waiting for diamond earrings for years so I decided to buy them for myself for christmas. They arrived quickly and are beautiful. Not to mention affordable. <end>
 B000K2L4T4  Godmother Gift Bracelet - Godchild/Godmother Set ||	  Loved This Bracelet!  I gave this bracelet to my sister (the Godmother) on my daughter's Christening Day. She absolutely loved it and all the other Godmother's in my family want it now too. The baby bracelet is so precious! The quality is beautiful and the packaging was so pretty. I made an error in the order which the company fixed and still got it to me in time for the Christening (3 days). <end>  Gorgeous item to give to Godmother  Item came as described, and looks great and quality is excellent. Definitely recommend to those looking to buy their Godmothers something special. My son's God mom was impressed with it. <end>
 B000K2N9CO  Nativity His Story Bracelet ||	  Nativity Bracelet  I was very pleased with the bracelet and love to wear it. Would make great gifts for your loved ones. A card is enclosed with the bracelet that tells His Story. I would recommend this to friends and family. I don't believe you will be disappointed. <end>
 B000K2NYG0  IGI Certified 14k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Studs (3/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Earrings are ok  The earrings were a good price, but I would have preferred to pay more and get a better quality diamond. Unfortunately, buying in Canada requires additional expenses - broker fees, duty taxes etc. It would not have been worth it to return and buy better. <end>  Very Pleased  I bought these for a Birthday present, they are everything I was looking for and more. They truly are beautiful, with a price that is hard to match for the quality of the stones <end>
 B000K2O0G8  10k Gold Round-Cut Diamond Studs (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Pay Attention to Color and Clarity  I was not very impressed with this order. Received earrings in a little velet bag with "Made in China" on it. Color was not great, but OK, however the Clarity was poor. I checked and these are even a poor I3 for clarity. Was a late Christmas order so I did not have time to do anything else. <end>  OK product  I got about what I expected for the price. There was not a better price on the internet for earrings in this size. The color was decent, but the clarity was just ok. Definitely some spots if you look hard enough. <end>  Terrible Quality, no sparkle at all  My father used to be a jeweler. My wife used to work in the jewelry business. Both have always said, when buying earrings get a low quality stone. No one will notice, there's no sense in spending a lot for top quality when it's an earring. These are the exception. They are SO white/cloudy that there is almost no reflection and therefore no sparkle.Tried to save a buck, now they are going back. <end>  Diamond earrings  The earrings were a gift for a very finicky person. She was happy with the gift, I'm glad to say. The quality of the earrings were good and the price reasonable. I looked in many places and the price for the size of the diamonds were the best I found. <end>  GOOD QUALITY  this is some nice earrings for male or for female. mostly for male, there the right size so they show no matter where you are the shin just right, although alot of males wear bigger CZ earrings, at least your are real and cost more, great product, they are noticably real no question about it <end>  insatisfecha  Realmente no quede satisfecha con los aretes, no traen un certificado de origen ni especificaciones del diamante. solo MADE IN CHINA., la caja no es la presentaci&oacute;n que ofrecen que es de madera, y por detr&aacute;s un mini sobre vac&iacute;o, que creo debe ir la certificaci&oacute;n y descripci&oacute;n de diamante. muchas gracias. <end>
 B000K2OFPE  Pair of Glass Barbs  00g Ruby ||	  Super cute!  My brother bought these for me for my birthday and I love them. Warning though  they are somewhat heavy at the 00g. <end>
 B000K36D76  Princess Cut 2.00 carat Swiss Blue Topaz Ring Size 13 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Not happy!  The ring itself is beautiful. But after about 4 months of wear the band started changing colors. I type at a computer all day so my hands arent in hard chemicals and I dont wear it in the shower. For the money I spent on this ring I was not that impressed that it started changing colors so quickly. Won't be buying another ring from this company anytime soon! <end>
 B000K36DBC  Oval Shape 1.25 carat Peridot Ring Size 10 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Love it!!  Needed a new birthstone ring.. Great choice. Looks beautiful. The color of the stone is perfect. Has a unique design. I love it! <end>  Love it!  I bought this ring almost a year ago, and I wear it everyday. It's not too big and it doesn't sit too high off the finger. The silver around the band isn't as shiny or smooth as it was when I bought it, but I do wear it everyday, so that probably has to do something with it. I've gotten many compliments from this ring and people are very surprised to hear that I found it on amazon. It arrived quickly, and I had no problem with the seller. <end>
 B000K36DD0  Princess Cut 1.50 carat Amethyst Ring Size 11 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Dazzling Purple!  I was very happy with this ring! So was my sister, who recieved it! I thought it was prettier, once I saw the real product. She hasn't taken it off since she recieved it! It looks like it was a hit! <end>
 B000K36DFS  Radiant Cut White Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 11 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great ring!  It was nice to find a ring that fit and looked authentic without being gaudy. I really enjoy it, plus it doesn't snag on anything, another plus compared to my wedding ring. <end>
 B000K3C6FE  Princess Cut 2.00 carat London Blue Topaz Ring Size 13 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great color  This is a simple ring but I love the color and it's very comfortable. Nice for the price and great that it comes in my size. <end>
 B000K3Y2H4  Zoe's Choice Tibetan Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  looks better in the picture than in real life  I was really excited about this necklace. The picture looked really cool. But in real life, there are symbols carved onto some of the beads (they look kind of arabic to me, I don't know if they are, but I sure don't know what they are or what they mean). The larger beads are not really "beads" they are woven balls (they are not hard). This is not something I would wear. <end>
 B000K3ZS04  Fuschia Beaded Resin Pendant Necklace with Crochet Beads ||	  I feel like a shaman wearing it but that's ok.  Yeah it's a little ornate and foofy but I still like it. It's well-made, light, and the colors are brilliant. <end>
 B000K3ZS36  Cappuccino Blend Resin Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  beaded necklace  the materials used were of moderate quality, decent enough for the price. I was somewhat disappointed to see how over-sized it was. Not one of the better products that I purchased. <end>
 B000K41P0U  Emerald Green Glass Crochet Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  Pretty, but one small concern  It's the same as for their purple necklace - the sides that go around the neck are a little too stiff, so the necklace moves around a little too much when you move your neck, I wish they were more flexible, so that it draped better. <end>
 B000K41P3M  Sultry Orange Multistrand Wood Medallion Collar Necklace ||	  WAY too big!  I didn't see anything on the product that gave the dimensions as being so huge. I was expecting a cute little choker and got a monstrosity of a thing that I'd never wear. The medallion is the size of my palm!Because the necklace was so cheap, however, it wasn't worth it to send it back. I simply removed the medallion and wear the multistrand part of the necklace.Just be warned that there is nothing cute or little about this necklace! <end>
 B000K4SVCA  Phantom of the Opera Mask Sterling Silver Earrings with sterling silver ear wires poto-04 ||	  A bit small  The earrings are as pictured but the phantom mask is really a bit small. I ordered this for my wife and I suppose a clue might have been the hook that goes in the ear and its size to that but I didn't pick up on it. They are okay just too small. <end>
 B000K6A9IW  14K Gold 3.5mm Herringbone Necklace 18" ||	  herringbone necklace  Was extremely satisfied with quality of necklace. The actual packaging was absolutely above and beyond. It was a blue velveteen folder type that made a beautiful presentation. I could not have been any more pleased with the price, quality and service. <end>
 B000K6AAVI  14K Yellow Gold Diamond Pave Earrings ||	  Hero  My wife knew what she was getting for Christmas, a nice gold bangle (she loves bangle style bracelets). It was nice, but she knew it was under the tree.No real surprise there.I surfed my favorite on-line shopping place (Amazon.com) hoping to find that little extra something.What I found surprised me.I found that I could get a beautiful pair of diamond pave earrings without having to go into debt.I found the proper pronunciation of pave - it's "pah-vaey."I found that after all these years I can still give my wife a wonderful surprise on Christmas morning.I found that it was my turn to be the hero.It's good to be the hero. . . <end>
 B000K6CZSO  Sterling Silver Flat Curb Link Bracelet 8" ||	  best buy!!!!!!  Was totally awed by this bracelet at this price point.......it's just beautiful!!!!! Shipped fast and presentaion was very nice. <end>
 B000K6QULW  Lord's Prayer Bracelet ||	  A great gift for that special person  I am very happy with the Lord's Prayer bracelet. I recommend buying them for almost anyone for no reason or a special occasion, such as Confirmation, First Communion or any spiritual occasion. <end>
 B000K7CV5A  14k White Gold Moissanite Solitaire Ring (2 cttw equivalent), Size 6 ||	  A brief comment  I've found Moissanite indistinguishable from diamond in day-to-day wearing. I've researched diamond simulants and substitutes extensively over the last several months, and I don't believe the websites that claim that it chips easily and they had to sell diamonds to clients to replace them, as Moissanite's hardness is actually greater than sapphire at 9.25. Also, they claim that it has a greenish cast, but that's incorrect, too, from what I've seen. Maybe the early ones did, but the one I bought doesn't. It has more of a grayish cast, which is what actual diamonds have too. Moissanite does exhibit double refraction, but that's only visible under a microscope, no one can tell with it on your finger. The diamond vested interests must be really worried about Moissanite to resort to the sort of misinformation I saw, and for good reason. The price is one-tenth of what you'd pay for a two-carat diamond, and you can put the savings in the bank or invest it, which would be the smart thing to do, especially for a young couple.The diamond websites also claim that it's hard to find Moissanite with excellent clarity and lack of inclusions compared to the best diamonds, but still, even if true, you can't tell except under much higher magnification. Even an average quality 2 carat diamond is going to run around $12,000, but my Moissanite was only about $1400 even after taxes. The diamond websites I saw like to give you the impression that there's something wrong with Moissanite, but there's nothing wrong with having a ruby or sapphire or emerald, and as I said, Moissanite is actually slightly harder than sapphire at 9.25, and substantially harder than emerald, which is softer than sapphire at about 8.5. So really, it's like having a clear sapphire, but even harder, in terms of hardness and durability.Moissanite does have slightly higher light dispersion and refraction than diamond, but that just makes it look a bit more sparkly. It's not as dramatic a difference as cubic zirconia, which has much higher dispersion than diamond, and now I can tell the difference with cubic zirconia and diamond without much problem. But I don't think anyone but an expert, and maybe not even them, could tell with it just on your finger. I think they'd have to resort to the specialized tests. So overall, it's a great substitute for diamond that can save you many thousands of dollars, and I've been very happy with mine. <end>  Beautiful, sophisticated, distinctive and perfect  One of the most beautiful moissanite rings. The stone is beautiful and sparkles like it's on fire. Also, the shank is very modern and simple. The ring looks designer. <end>  We like Moissanite  I've been buying Moissanite for a few years now. My girlfriend is very happy with the pendants and earrings I've gotten her. No problems with chips but she is not hard on her jewelry. We feel that it has a bit more color sparkle than a real diamond. We really like that. We don't like cubic zircona and feel that Moissanite looks much better. Diamonds look plain to us. CZ looks cheap. Moissanite looks great.If you want to pass it off as a diamond, you can. Her friends are amazed when she tells them her stones are not real diamonds.We really like her Moissanite jewelry. I am about to order her 4th set. <end>  beautiful! but mine chipped in less than one year  (  I have a moissanite ... SO beautiful. A huge piece chipped off in less than 1 year, although my diamond (similar wear and tear) lasted 18 years with nary a scratch. I thought moissanites were supposed to be hard! But apparently that's different from shatter-proof  ( <end>  A disappointment  I really was hoping this ring would look similar to a diamond but when I got it, right away I could tell it wasn't even close. Then I put it up against a real diamond and two cubic zirconia rings and it absolutely looks more like a CZ than anything else. I bought this ring based on the other two good reviews but I have to disagree, this ring is a disappointment. Save your money and just buy a CZ or spend more and buy the real thing. <end>
 B000K7GO7Q  Silver Diamond Initial Pendant "K" with Silk Cord ||	  Beautiful pendant, needs better clasp  It was beautiful in the that week we had it. Unfortunately the clasp didn't hold and now it's gone. Have another letter which is fine, maybe we just got a dud or maybe it's a problem with the K. <end>
 B000K883EM  6.5 to 7mm Genuine AA Quality Japanese Akoya Black Pearl Earrings in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Wife is pleased  This was a gift for my wife on her birthday - it arrived on time and she was ecstatic! <end>  Pleased the Recipient  This was a gift; I never saw it as I had it direct shipped to Mom but she was very pleased. <end>  pearl studs  The color of the pearls was a bit more purple-ish than pictured, but a very nice set nevertheless. <end>  Just Beatiful  These are so pretty, I'd like to have a whole box of them just to look at.Originally, CoolStyles mis-shipped my order, but acted quickly to make sure that I got my shipment by Christmas. I was very pleased with that. <end>  Beautiful and cheap  I bought these and made a set with a necklace for my girl. They look gorgeous on her. Really really worth the effort, and unique.I highly recommend this seller.The reward I got for the gift... well, let's just say I'm buying stuff from them in the future, for sure! <end>  Akoya Black Pearl  correction  None of the Akoya Pearls come in a natural black colour. All Akoya Pearls are white pearls. The Akoya pearls that are offered in black colour are treated pearls, either died black or sccientifically treated black in silver nitrate. It therefore should mention 'Akoya black treated pearls' or 'Akoya died black pearls'Rudi Zingg <end>  Beautiful earrings--AWESOME customer service!  The earrings are gorgeous, kind of a hematite color--but they look darker, nearly black, against fair skin. Beautiful! And this COMPANY! The earrings went on sale after I ordered (and paid for) them and they automatically credited my card/account for the difference. Wow! I am *very* happy with this purchase and will definitely buy from Securehoop again! <end>  Gorgeous Earrings, Very Satisfied  These earrings are very pretty-- not too big not too small, just right. For the price you can't go wrong. The gift box they arrived in was sort of cheesy, but they were for ME so I didn't mind. If I were giving them as a gift I'd put them in a prettier box before giving them to the recipient.Overall very pretty earrings, good value, no complaints. <end>  Great price and product!  This is an excellent quality product for the price. The pearl is fastened well on the stem and the white gold stem seems sturdy and strong. The pearls match well with no visible blemishes and good nacre. <end>  Wow!  I was really impressed by these pearls! The price is amazing for the quality that you get! The pearl earrings I ordered shipped fast and came in a little gift box. It made for the perfect Christmas present. Without a doubt I would recommend these earrings or this seller to anyone who's interested in pearls! <end>  Very pleased with my purchase  I am very pleased with my purchase of these classic black pearl earrings. I bought two pair because I had a gift certificate. One pair is more luminescent then the other pair, but I like them both. The clasps are well made, so I don't fear losing them - which has happened to me in the past.I would highly recommend these earrings if you like a classic black pearl earring, with nice luster and a snug fit. <end>  PERLAS HERMOSAS  It is a beautiful pearl very regular and with good luster, is a bit small, but well mounted and for people allergic like me, is excellent in the saddle gold 14 K. I'm happy with my purchase. Only thing that is very bad if it is for gift presentation, comes in a small plastic bag and a bag of cloth then, the pledge could put a box more suitable to their quality <end>  Nice, for the price  Very smooth, dark gray, not black. Small, but the size advertised, which is what I was looking for. <end>  Great color and quality  I'm wearing these earrings now. I love them ! The color and quality are excellent, shipping was fast and they are recognized as more expensive pearls when I wear them. They are the perfect size for a single hole earring setting. Not too big and yet big enough to be seen easily. I'm pleased with them for the money. <end>
 B000K9NWDS  Classy! 14k White-gold Women's Three Stone 1 3/4CT TW Moissanite Anniversary Band ||	  Classy 14K white-sold 1 3/4 ct moissanite anniversary ring  I cannot describe just how much I love this ring. It is the most beautiful ring that I have ever owned. The moissanite diamonds are just awesome and sparkle better than any diamond that I have ever owned. The ring itself is very substantial and suits the stones perfectly. Nothing cheap about this ring......If you think you like this style ring...by all means..do not hesitate to order this one....I can only rate this entire transaction 5 stars.......Even 6 if I could...VERY PLEASED..... ) <end>
 B000K9O6TM  Silver Oval Pendant Lamp Shade ||	  Love it  Whats not to love? It's cheap, beautiful and it gets comments all the time. <end>
 B000K9XN1E  Gorgeous! Women's 14k White-gold (1 CT) Moissanite Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  I asked her...  ...and she said "yes"! ;)A beautiful ring and the stone sparkles like crazy. Also, it's very comforting to know where the stone came from... <end>  Love it!  I fell in love with this ring, and the knowledge that it is a green product. I have gotten so many compliments on the sparkle!  ) <end>  moissanite is prettier than diamond  I have some moissanite jewelry, and I also have very high quality diamond jewelry. I must say that the moissanite looks better than diamond. it sparkles more and has more fire. I get more compliments from the moissanite jewelry. <end>
 B000KA50IC  14k Yellow Gold 5 Stone Emerald Earrings ||	  14k Yellow Gold Emerald Earrings  I was disappointed when I received these earrings. The emeralds were cloudy and very small. I returned them. <end>  exactly what I wanted, perfect for every day  I ordered both the emerald and the ruby, same earrings. Exactly what I wanted for every day wear. Not too flashy. Small but you can definitely see the color of the stones. <end>
 B000KAZXIY  Catholic Rosary Beads Italian Made Sterling Silver Cross 5mm Bracelet 7.5" ||	  LOVE IT  Excellent quality, the length is a bit long for my wrist, but I never take it off. It has not lost it's shine and is still in tact. The chain is very strong. The cross is small yet elegant. Highly recommended to anyone. <end>  Sterling Silver Rosary Bracelet  Very nice quality rosary bracelet for the price. Has a small delicate cross and strong box chain. <end>
 B000KBAM98  18k White Gold Prong-Set Engagement Ring Setting with Princess-Cut Sidestones (1/3 cttw) ||	  Very Nice Ring  I purchsed this engagement setting along with a 1 karat diamond. My girl, who is now my wife, was very pleased. This setting along with the top quality diamond really makes a great statement. My wife was/is thrilled. Everything in the process of purchasing this ring went exactly as Amazon had said. We had no problem having the ring sized by a local jeweler either. Backed up by the appaisals furnished by Amazon, it was a pleasant shopping experience. <end>
 B000KBBBIO  Sterling Silver and Amethyst Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  Wonderful Ring!  Great quality! Love the ring. I have large fingers (size 9), but this ring actually makes my fingers look great!Thanks! <end>  At last, a truly purple amethyst!  I had heard of the Sajen mark of quality. But, the designs have always been too ornate for my taste - until I was fortunate enough to have found this beautiful ring. It is a lovely shade of purple with a magnificent cut. The size is large, about a 1/2" to 3/4" from top to bottom (and I like to wear a big "statement" ring on my right hand, despite my petite frame.) The design was refreshingly streamlined with no unnecessary flowers or squiggles. There is an extremely generous amount of silver used. The stone is well protected on all four sides (I know because I accidentally dropped it in the sink - no damage at all!) The thick band in the back makes it extremely comfortable, and I am not afraid to do work while I wear it.Here is one case where the ring is nicer than it's picture. I can only suggest, from my experience, to order a 1/2 size up. My particluar ring was tight and had to be worn on an undesignated finger. I really didn't mind! Sajen, "Please design a few more pieces that are as streamlined as this - I had been looking for an amethyst ring like this for a very long time." Thank you! <end>  I agree!  Definitley a winner, looks as described, very eye catching. Though the stone is not as colorful, it's received positive comments and i love wearing it. <end>  Balinese Beauty  This is probably the most conservative ring you'll ever see from Sajen (Offerings, the Balinese design/manufacturing company). It is large and the amethyst is, too, but it's not overstated because of the simplicity of the design. Sajen puts A LOT of silver in their pieces, good gems and a smooth, comfortable finish on the finger. Quality stuff. OK, so I'm a big fan of theirs - I guess it shows! <end>
 B000KBC9GW  Sterling Silver Stackable Ring in Bali Design ||	  sharp edges  Love the design but the raised relief on the band itself is very sharp and catches on clothing and can easily scratch skin. <end>  very nice  very delicate, in hind sight I should have gotten more to 'stack' as the name indicates. <end>  Unhappy!  This ring looks great online but once I received it I was disappointed. Maybe it's because I only got one but I was not happy with it and I must say I will be returning this item. It looks so much better online than what it did when I got it. In my opinion even if I would of bought more than one its not worth the $ that they are asking for. This seller does have a very nice presentation when u receive your package and you will recieve your purchase within the promised time frame. <end>  Love it  I got 2 and stacked them with a plain band in between and it looks great! The design of the ring is so different and unique and so pretty!! <end>
 B000KBCPGQ  18k White Gold Prong-Set Engagement Ring Setting with Pear-Cut Sidestones (1/4 cttw) ||	  Engagement Ring  Overall, the band is very pretty and a good value for the money. The side stones go well with my wife's .8ct stone with an I color.Our only complaint is the prongs, they are somewhat sharp on the edges and it hurts when you scrape it against skin, espeically when holding hands. I am going to take it to a friend and see if he can smooth it out somewhat. <end>
 B000KBED20  Sterling Silver Squiggle Huggy Earrings ||	  Cute Earrings  These earrings are very well made,they turn out to be a little bigger than i expected, they are about the size of a nickel. A little on the heavy side, so they tend to drag the earlobes downward a bit. There are multiple tiny crystals around the squiggly design, to create a little more shine. They go well in any occasions, definitely recommend them. <end>
 B000KBEDSO  Sterling Silver Continuous Letter X Ring ||	  Almost Perfect - I Like It Still!  Was looking originally for a ring with just one X or 3 X's. But came across this continous X ring sold by Eve's Addicition here on Amazon. The ring runs a lil small (Don't think it was a true size 6) but it looks very cool. On a side note I contacted EA about the ring and they quickly and happily fixed any problems by sending me a size 7. Anyways back to the ring... Negatives  1) Ring runs a lil small so may want to consider one size up when buying 2)Gets dirty/smugy/unshiny very easily. Even if you take the best of care & don't wear it much. So you have to clean it fairly often either by using silver polish or by running under hot water and drying off with soft cloth. Positives  Looks cool, Is Edgy, Its Silver. All said I would still recommend this ring (and the seller) to everyone who loves edgy, cool looking, is fans of letters or even ppl who are straight edge looking for something to symbolize being SXE or ppl who think X=kisses. <end>
 B000KBFL9E  Sterling Silver Aquamarine Dangle Earrings, by Sajen ||	  These are beautiful...  I bought these as a birthday gift for a friend - they are very nice quality and she LOVED them! I would recommend. <end>  Nice for the price  These earrings appear to be very sturdy. I think they are nice for the price, but not as classy as some of the other silver items I have purchased. I am keeping them to give as small Christmas presents. <end>
 B000KBFLOO  Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Absolutely Gorgeous...  Of all the Sajen rings I have (approx. 16), this is probably the most beautiful one I own. The stone is really unbelievable -- a very dark red -- and the faceting of the stone is spectacular. The silver of the ring is also exquisite, both in color and in its high polish. The silver is almost a white silver, it is that bright. And the weight of the ring is substantial; as with all Sajen rings, the band is very thick and sturdy. As for the design -- there are silver swirls not only on the band, but also on the vertical sides of the gemstone setting, which you cannot really see in the photo, but which is hinted at in the description. This ring is stunning enough for evening wear, yet it is such a neat size, you could easily wear it to the office. <end>
 B000KBG8M8  Pave CZ Skull & Crossbones Sterling Silver Anklet ||	  Looks even better in person.  I love my new anklet. It looks even better in person and it was a speedy delivery. <end>
 B000KBGHXI  Turquoise Drop Sterling Silver Heart Lariat ||	  Pretty but not functional  This necklace is very attractive, but the catch is not functional. I was disappointed to see there is no return policy. Now I have to have it repaired before I can even wear it. <end>  Very Pretty!  I bought this lariat a while ago and I love it! It has a simple design and is not too heavy. I really like the turquoise color and I wear it with a lot of outfits. A great buy for under $40. <end>  Really nice necklace  Pity I didn't keep this item for myself  the person I gave it to as a present didn't deserve it! <end>
 B000KBNC6S  Stainless Steel Overlaying Secret Love Message Polished Band ||	  thanks  this product made for a great gift and great memorize for my love and me. It something we will always have. a helping gift from the heart that always shows you care. <end>
 B000KCUBAC  Maine Lobster Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Beautiful - perfect for your lobster lover  These are well-made, shiny, classy looking and fun. My husband was very happy to received them as a gift. They are easy to use as well. Just the right touch of saltiness! <end>
 B000KD0AQ6  Capsule Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Sophisticated  I got these for my father and he loved them. The idea is novel and they look great. Probably will get a pair for myself. <end>
 B000KD4OQI  Sardelli - 14k Medium Cultured Pearl Leverback Earrings ||	  Cute pearl earring  I like small earrings and lever backs are so comfortable. I loved these till one pearl fell out. I found it and glued it in. Then I lost the other pearl. The gold, though fragile, has not bent on me. Going to find another pearl. <end>
 B000KD8MDY  Sardelli - 14k Emerald Shape Peridot Earrings ||	  too small  its cute..but too small...and way too expensive for the price.I ordered it for my mom's birthday and had to buy something else for her and keep this for myself. <end>
 B000KDURVO  14k White Gold Amethyst & Diamond Accent Side Stones Ring, Size 5 ||	  Little dissappointing  The ring is definitely nice, but wasn't constructed as solidly as I would have liked. I expected the amethyst to be bigger (as it was quite small Granted it's marked under $100---but I was just expecting a little nicer ring. <end>
 B000KDYSZ0  Tungsten Carbide 5mm Comfort Fit Domed Wedding Band Ring for Him & Her Mirror Polished Finish, sizes 5 to 15 ||	  I returned it so really no review, it was just too big  I returned this item bc it was too big. It was nice though. Just remember these rings cannot be resized. <end>  Excellent men ring  I broght it for my husband it was the only ring who fix it 13.5 it was excellent choice and he love it. <end>  Good Product, Slow Shipping  The product is what I expected from a tungsten carbide ring. As I was replacing one I had lost. However, the shipping process was delayed for an in stock item. It took almost two weeks for the order to arrive. Would I order one again? For the price yes, for the customer service no. <end>  Bad customer service experience  I originally purchased the 8mm ring as a wedding band for my fiance, and exchanged it for the 5mm ring per his request. We were married 2 months later, and the ring turned out to be too big (not sure if the person sizing his finger wasn't accurate, or the ring was a little larger than a size 8). I requested to exchange the ring for a smaller size, and the company refused because I had already exchanged the ring once and 2 months had passed.Personally, I think 2 months for a man's wedding ring is acceptable considering the groom doesn't wear the ring as soon as it is received (who wants to fret over the wedding band arriving on time?). I also think that exchanging the ring once for preference and once for size is not terribly inappropriate, considering it's a wedding band.Granted, I can fork over another $20 for a different ring, but will certainly find it somewhere else. <end>  Correct sizing.  My husbands ring size went up due to arthritis and his titanium band no longer fit. He is rough on rings so I decided to get him tungsten carbide because it will not bend or scratch. The ring arrived in a timely fashion. The size was correct and fits perfectly. Thus far it has held up to all the abuse he has put it through while working on our jeep. <end>  Toxicity of Tungsten  I used to wear this ring every day, and I absolutely loved it. I also love Sabrina Silver and think their customer service is excellent. I've bought several rings from them. However, after reading about the toxicity of tungsten, I no longer feel I can wear this ring. Tungsten implanted in the human body causes tumors, so I find it very improbable that wearing it against my skin would be harmless. I think this is one of those things they're going to figure out 20 years down the road, that it's harmful to your health to wear tungsten jewelry. So, despite really missing the great look of my tungsten ring, I've gone back to a good old stainless steel ring, also from Sabrina Silver. I still gave the ring 5 stars because I don't feel Sabrina Silver should be faulted for the toxicity of tungsten. I just wanted to help make others aware of this issue. <end>  Exaclty as expected  I've lost three wedding bands. This is a perfect replacement. Looks good, has a nice heft, is comfortable, and is really, really inexpensive. Will buy again when I lose this one. <end>  Nice, but not scratch resistant.  I looked at tons of rings on Amazon for one that is more scratch-resistant and durable, and settled on this one for the color and supposed hardness. I ordered this tungsten carbide ring for my fiancee, in a size 6.5. The shipping was timely and the ring itself is beautiful- a medium dark blueish gray. However, the ring is NOT scratch resistant at all. He's worn it for 3 whole days and there are scratches around the entire perimeter of the ring. He does not have a heavy duty job (he's a bank teller and touches coins with the other hand) or rough lifestyle. I am disappointed in this ring and am thinking of returning it, although my fiancee still likes it. <end>  Love the ring.  This is a nice ring. I was worried it out be thin and cheap looking, but it's not. It's a very pretty stylish ring. Go for it. <end>  Great ring  Purchased this as a replacement for the (much nicer) one I lost while trying to learn to windsurf. I've had it over a year, and it is as shiny and scratch-free as the day I bought it, even though I've put it through a lot of abuse. <end>  Tried others b4 settling on this ring. A+  After a accident, the expensive platinum wedding band I wore for 12 years had to be cut off at the hospital to save my finger. Four months later and fully healed led me to start searching for a replacement...I love this ring for its price to perceived value. This was the third one that I tried, and let me save you some hassle by sharing my opinion. First of all, Amazon is great for returns, and I kept looking at the 10 mm and other substantial looking rings by metal masters and others. I purchased and returned two because the look on the hand wasn't right. When you buy a wide ring and it is under $100, it is going to be high profile, in other words, it will stand up tall out from your finger and not "look" right. By going with the skinny 5 mm, the ring lays down lower on the finger and gives the look a much more expensive feel. I love this ring for the impression it gives out that it is no "cheapo". You will not be disappointed. 5 stars. <end>  Very nice ring.  I ordered this ring because I thought that I lost my wedding band (it was misplaced). However, when I received it I was pleased with quality and a great look. Unfortunately using ring conversion chart from the internet to convert my size from European to US, I end up ordered wrong size, asked local jewelers and googled possibility of resizing it, it is impossible. Next step, I will order two one for me, one for my wife for marriage anniversary. Hope to get right sizes. <end>  great value for $$$  my wife bought me this ring almost a year ago. i have worn it since the day she gave it to me. we decided to go with a non traditional metal for my ring since i tend to be a bit destructive with things. so far it has held up wonderfully. still looks like the day i got it. and i have tried my hardest to scratch it just to prove her wrong. (open bottles, knives, even a brick wall) nothing has phased it. my only complaint is that it is darker than the picture shows. also i have fairly slender fingers so i ended up ordering a half size smaller, but should have ordered a whole size smaller instead. the ring also has a nice bit of heft to it for the size that it is. <end>  Love it!  This was the perfect wedding band for my husband. It's tough, sleek, and I love the gunmetal color that it actually showed up as. He's gotten lots of compliments on it, and I love that it'll last! The price was definitely amazing - I'd recommend this to anyone. <end>  Gorgeous Ring! Very professional service  Once I received this ring and opened it, oh my, it is much better than on the image, jsut as some review mentioned. To me, it is exactly what I like  a little bit cooler color than white gold, and just right feel of weight, make it looks and feels like a high end ring. Gorgeous!! What a high value ring for such a price. And right, it won't scratch! The feel on finger is very nice, with comfort fit. Perfect!And have to mention the professinal service of the seller. I got a size 9.5 initially, emailed request to seller for possible repalcement with size 9; yeah, got replacement back without extra shipping fee. Now wearing the right size 9. Very happy. Highly recommend this seller!Ben <end>  Nice bargain  Just bought a pair of these (see also 8mm ring) for my wife and I as more casual wedding bands. For the price (~$32 for a pair as of writing) it was hard to go wrong. But the thing I noticed immediately is the comfort fit - so much easier to slide on and off and indeed comfortable.Everyone says to go a 1/2 size smaller for comfort rings, and they were right. So I also wanted to mention it. <end>  Very nicely constructed ring at a fantastic price  I lost my wedding band a few days ago (took it off at the gym to workout and then forgot to zip the pocket on my bag). It was a 7mm plain style, comfort fit stainless steel band. It looked good for the first month or so but then it started to show lots of scratches until eventually, over the course of the last 4 years, it was covered in them. I spent the last few days researching potential replacements and decided on tungsten since it is reportedly very scratch resistant.I purchased two 5mm comfort fit tungsten rings in size 10.5 from two different manufacturers, Bling Jewelry and Sabrina Silver. The Bling ringBling Jewelry 5mm Comfort Fit Unisex Tungsten Wedding Band Ring - Size 13arrived first. By the way, contrary to what the link says, it too is a size 10.5.Even though both rings are smaller than my old one, they feel heavier. Tungsten is dense. Keep this in mind when you're ordering because a big ring may feel too heavy for everyday wear. The fit on the Bling ring was a little looser than my last ring and while it is comfortable, it doesn't feel like a true comfort fit (i.e., the inside doesn't feel like it has been rounded smooth). I am generally happy with it though.The Sabrina Silver ring is sized exactly. It's also thicker, slightly heavier and has a true comfort fit. The overall quality seems better. It also feels great on my finger. It's also roughly the same price ($17.76 and free shipping compared to the $17.88 I paid for the other one). This is my everyday ring whereas the other one is going in a drawer as a spare.If you prefer thicker rings, like me, then this is the way to go. If you want a slightly thinner ring you may want to look at Bling. Oh, one last thing, this ring says "Tungsten Carbide" on the inside. The Bling ring is blank on the inside. So if you are looking for a ring to inscribe that may be a better choice. <end>  A Value Purchase  I purchased two of these rings, size 10.5 and size 6 on 14-AUG-2008. The 6 ring is flawless but the larger ring is very badly corroded. This started off with a dulling of the finish and then it slowly turned ashen and would not clean up to a mirror finish. Now, it hardly resembles anything like it did when purchased. I contacted the seller, Sabrina Silver and I was advised that since my order was so long ago, and the price was so low that I would have to get another ring and just take the hit. I was told that this is the risk you take with rings priced this low. (From the seller, mind you) SO, that's something to keep in mind. <end>  Great Ring  The ring is excellent and you cannot beat the price. It looks like a very expensive ring. It was bought as an everyday ring since my husbands wedding band was a little big. Now my husband likes better than his very expensive gold wedding band. <end>  Tungsten 5mm  Would buy again in a heart beat. Beautiful and well worth the price. Slightly darker than silver but nice highly polished sheen.Update--still wearing it after two years and just like new... <end>  Awesome ring for sensitive skin  I've been married for 8 years and the entire time I struggled with my wedding band and what it did to my poor finger (irritated skin, red marks, etc) I usually left it off until I actually left the house so I wouldn't have so many issues. This ring has solved all of that. I've had it for a couple of months and haven't had to remove it once. It's awesome!!!!! I would definitely recommend it to anyone that has sensitive skin. The price made it easy to try out too! <end>  Excellent product  This ring is an excellent buy. It replaced my gold band that was uncomfortable and would leave sores on my finger. I stopped wearing my original band some time ago and my wife pestered me until I finally got a replacement. I now wear this all the time - no discomfort at all! I love the weight and feel. I have also had several compliments regarding the ring.Only caution - I ordered a 1/2 size smaller than my original and glad I did. The comfort fit design is a bit looser than traditional rings - and you cannot have this ring sized afterwards. <end>  Tungsten Carbide Ring 5mm  Ring arrived within a few days of ordering it. Very comfortable, looks good, doesn't seem to scratch even after banging it against things. I am very pleased with my new ring. <end>  LOVE!  Great ring, looks wonderful. And best of all it does not scratch. My husband took a file to the inside to test it out and nothing! Great ring, great price can't get any better. <end>  Great Ring,  This ring is amazing. It fits perfectly on my wedding ring finger and looks so good. I have gotten compliments about the ring. People think I paid a lot of money for the ring. I just let them to believe it. I highly recommend this ring. <end>  Great purchase  We bought them as wedding bands and they do their job. Very nice and presentable. Haven't scratched them yet and I work rings hard. <end>  It has been a great ring  I bought this ring for my wedding with my fiancee, I chose this one for me because I wanted to symbolize strength of my love with a strong material. And so far it has done the job. It has been hit many times and not a single scratch has been formed and looks as good as new everytime <end>  Durable, affordable band  I have worn this daily for a month and only rarely take it off. It still looks like the day I got it. I would say it is slightly darker than the picture shows, between a black and a silver, but very shiny. I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>  AWESOME  First off, I ordered this item on Dec. 21 and was not expecting to receive it until after christmas. It was not a xmas present, but to my surprise it arrive super super fast on christmas eve, Dec.24!!! This item was shipping from KY to CA!! This was with the free shipping amazon was offering!! I was so HAPPY to find it in my mailbox!!!  ) The ring is very nice! My boyfriend loves it!! He had a size 13 before, which was a lil big, so I decided to order a size 12.5 and it was the same size as the 13 if not a lil bigger. I'm not sure if this type of ring runs a little bigger than other rings. But overall I still love it!!! I would order form this seller AGAIN!!! <end>  Great ring!  Exactly what I was looking for. It is nicer then the ring it is replacing that cost over $100. <end>  Tungsten Carbide 5mm Wedding Band  My husband absolutely LOVES this ring. He has had it for over a year now, and he works with his hands, and still no scratches. I would definately buy this again. The packaging was great, and it was delivered very fast. Thanks!!!!! <end>  Perfect!  I bought this ring about a year and a half ago for my husband to replace his Tungsten Carbide wedding band (it was getting too small). Initially I was attracted by the great price, but it was also the perfect size, shape, and finish. My husband has absolutely loved this ring. He says that it is much more comfortable than his old one and I think it looks fantastic. He gets compliments on it on a regular basis too. We have recommended this ring to engaged friends and family members and honestly, I would buy it again in a second! <end>  good ring and fast shipping  so far so good--ring is as described. much less that local shops. fits well. fast shipping. <end>  Best ring ever....  I've had this ring for a month now and it is the most comfortable and durable ring ive ever had. I ddo pretty hard work and my old ring looked like it was 2 years old in a week. This one still looks brand new. Not even a scratch on it. <end>  exactly as advertised  This item was exactly as advertised. True to size. Fast shipping. I didn't know how silky tungsten would feel, or how heavy it would be. The ring is perfect, and extremely easy and comfortable to wear. <end>  Love it  I bought this ring for an everyday ring I wear to work. Since I work at an animal hospital I did not want my good weeding band to be ruined or bent while handling the animals. My husband also has a tungsten ring he wears to his job at a warehouse. They are very sturdy and scratch resistant. Plus the rings are very pretty and look brand new even on everyday wear. I would recommend this ring. <end>  Very different from web image  This is a very nice piece; good feel/weight to it, high quality--especially for the great price. Sadly, I am sending it back because the picture is pretty misleading. In the picture, it looks almost like white gold (which is what I wanted) but when you get it, the metal is dark. Other than that, it's a good looking ring, just not what I wanted. <end>  Great product  Both my wife and I work with our hands alot at our jobs and at home and we figured this would be the best ring for us to get. She tried a fancier ring at first but it just didn't hold up. I've had mine for a while and wear it to work, I handle hardend tool steel that would eat up a regular ring in no time at all. So far no scratchs or marks. Great ring for the working person. <end>  Perfect.  I had to replace my wedding ring (don't ask) and this has been the perfect replacement. Comfortable fit, durable, and a fraction of the prices found in stores. The width is just right. Not too bulky, but not super skinny. It's perfect. <end>  My wedding band  Was looking for a band locally, gold is insanely priced, and they actually wanted $150+ for tungsten locally.This ring was $20, has a high polish shine and no visible defects. I've very happy with the product, I know they can't be re-sized, but at this price can easily be replaced. <end>  Great  It is a very nice ring perfect for my husband who is a mechanic. The ring looked exactly like the picture, I am very pleased <end>  Just what I expected  I recently lost my original wedding band (also tungsten. Bought from King's Jewelry for close to $200). This ring is exactly what I was looking for, it is almost identical to what I lost. This one is actually better. The reason I lost mine was because when I bought it I was told the smallest size the ring came in was an 8...I wear between a 7-7.5. I really liked the ring so I bought it anyway. Well it's always been too big and that's why I lost it (it fell off outside in the snow the other day.) This is the same exact style but actually comes in my size...and for 10% of the price!!!!!!!!The color is a lot darker than the photo, but I was expecting that, having a tungsten ring before. Shipping was pretty slow but I think that was on the part of FedEx/Post Office. The order shipped in less than 2 days after ordering, but actual order didn't arrive until over a week later. Then again, I also chose the free Super Saver shipping, so you get what you pay for.Having paid $200 for my first ring, I was very hesitant about ordering this based on the extremely low cost. But from what I can tell this is the same as the one I lost. I thought maybe it was just tungsten plated or a lower grade tungsten. I tried to scratch it just to test it and it is just as scratch proof and durable as my old one. I am kicking myself I didn't check Amazon the first time I was looking for a ring. <end>  Decent ring, but recommend titanium  Bought this ring and wore if for about 6 months before switching to the same design in a titanium model. Hard to believe, but the weight of a ring make a huge difference in comfort! Would recommend buying such a ring in titanium for the comfort aspect! <end>  A little bulky for women  I bought this ring for my wife o wear on our vacation... So we didn't loose the real wedding ring... She said its really bulky but its not to flashy to be wearing in Central America... <end>  Wonder ring for the price  Had this ring for about 2 months now. I break rings. So I needed something strong. Ring still looks like the day we received it! And I bang mine, abuse it to all ends. (Not on purpose. Just my line of work) I get complimented all the time. You just get married? I said no, been married for over a year. (But just got the rings a couple months ago) They ask if I just put it on. I answer with a smile "no" I wear it all the time. They are amazed at how shiny and knick free it is. I would highly recommend this product. Sabrina Silver was were we bought ours on here and very professional seller. <end>  Best Ring Ever  I bouth it to save my wedding ring, actually I preffer this one, looks great and last forever shining ...First I bought the 5mm ring, it fits excellent, then I order the same in size 4 and 6mm, usually change everyday each size but all are excellent options. Tungsten Carbide is an excellent material for wedding rings, last forever ...I really enjoy to use those rings every day. <end>  Great ring, great price!  I have been wearing this ring 24 hours a day(okay, not when swimming) for 6 months and not a single scratch, scruff, anything; perfectly new. This is the perfect wedding ring for a man. <end>  love this ring  This is a great ring, I'm very happy with it. The color is shiny but a little darker than the white gold. I think it is heavier than the same size white gold ring. I would purchase again. Great everyday ring. <end>  Great Item  Is a great ring. Holds up very well, more then I would have thought. Keeps a shine. Great value. <end>  Nice ring!  This is a great ring and the comfort fit is perfect!! I also ordered the size 6 in this ring, for my roommate/partner, but came to find out that it wasn't available. The seller contacted me and was able to substitute another ring, same size, almost the same ring, except that it is a little wider. The shipping was fast and the seller is very professional. I would definitely recommed this seller and would buy from them again. <end>  Tungsten Carbide  The ring was perfect. Shipping was superfast. Only thing was that I needed a 4 1/2 and they didn't carry it so I had to return it. The return process went smoothly and communication was excellent. <end>  Very Nice  Nice weight and comfortable feel! Wish it came in a size 4.5 but other then that, its a fantastic value! Highly recommended! <end>  Hmm...  The ring was fine. Very plain if you like that kind of design. since my husband is allergic to certain metals, we decided to buy something simple just to exchange for our wedding ceremony. We bought this because tungston is supposed to be non-reactive well, it wasn't. after 2 days his finger broke out in a terrible rash around his ring finger that didn't go away for 2 weeks. he no longer wears the ring. but he looked good in it for those 2 days. <end>  Great Ring Great Price  I purchased a 400 dollar white gold wedding band when i was married, and i was sad to see just how soft gold really is. So for 30 dollars i thought i would try tungsten. So far it has been money well spent. It is beautiful looking and you really can't get a better ring for your money. But one you'll see! <end>  Great Ring  I bought one of these almost 4 years ago for my 3 year anniversary. I had REALLY messed up my gold ring over the previous three years so my wife got me something tough and scratch resistant. I've been wearing the ring almost 24/7 for the past 4 years and it doesn't even have a scratch on it doing the same stuff that messed up my gold ring. Only negative is that the ring doesn't grow like my fat fingers do, so I'm going to be getting another one in a larger size. As long as they haven't changed the way the rings are made, I expect to wear the next ring as long as it fits and will never get a scratch on it either. I bought the first one at $34 and now they're only $14 so I'm psyched about that too. Heck, I might even buy the next two sizes up just to be safe! <end>  So comfortable!  My husband and I bought tungsten steel bands so we wouldn't have to take our nice rings when we travel. These are so great- he has started wearing his all the time. They are great for men and women who are constantly working their hands and might sratch or damage regular gold or platinum. <end>  Nice solid ring!  it is true. tungsten carbide is indestructible and will last forever. i've been wearing this ring daily for over 2 years and it still looks and feels the same as the day i bought it. in fact it is so comfortable to wear i sometimes forget i have it on. still looks brand new and not a scratch on it. definitely worth the money i paid and will last a lifetime. <end>  runs .5 to .75 size too big  Great looking ring. nice hefty weight. masculine colorimg and style. fast and cheap shipping. highly recommended. BUT be aware these run large so order 2, one in your size and one 1/2 size "too small". <end>  Wonderful  This ring fit perfectly and it is absolutely the most wonderful thing to be wearing if you do alot of work with your hands. I wear mine almost everyday and save my more expensive bands with stones for special occasions. This ring has yet to get any scratches and it is shiny and very comfortable. It is more of a grey than a silver but very nice. I am super happy with mine and i can't believe they are so inexpensive for the quality! <end>  Excellent product  Received the ring on time, it is now my wedding band. It's slightly heavy, but that's to be expected of the metal it's made from, looks amazing and haven't been able to scratch or scuff it yet (Not trying on purpose, but I've banged it against just about everything. <end>  nice in a way  very nice shiney and heavy ring, thought to myself in my line of work this is the ring for me, until one day stand and talking to a friend the ring broke into 3 pieces. called the company I purchased it from and they said that it is comon for that to happen because they are so hard.they would not warrantee or refund money so not the ring for me. <end>  Great ring!!!  I bought this ring for myself in November 2011. (I also bought Husband the 8mm) I can't be happier!! There is not a mark on it yet and I am not gentle on my rings! And how great Husbands still looks truely amazes me! True to size for comfort fit bands. ((A word of caution....There is no way to cut a tungsten ring off! They have to be smashed/cracked off with vise-grips so do NOT try to force one on that is too small!!)) I wish I could give more that 5 stars!!! <end>  As good as new, or is it better?  After my husband lost his first wedding ring, I was wary of buying him another expensive ring. This ring is absolutely perfect! It's lovely and feels very well-made. No one would ever guess this was not the original (and much more expensive) ring. Honestly, I wish I'd found this before we got married and purchased from here originally. I saw an almost identical ring in a jewelry store recently for five times as much! I will be highly recommending this product (and other rings sold on Amazon) to engaged friends as well as anyone looking for a replacement wedding band. <end>  Very Nice  I was tired of resizing the wedding ring I was married with, but I still wanted to wear a ring. I found this one surfing Amazon, and liked the looks and reviews, so I tried it out. The ring is a really cool greyish color, depending on the light it can look black or light gray. It is very shiny. I had not worn a comfort fit ring before, my gold ring is a regular fit, this one is far more comfortable. The width takes a little getting used to, but it's not sharp like my other ring, I wouldn't go back. I used the method described on the web to determine my ring size, and based on the other reviews ordered one half size smaller, it's a perfect fit. The ring is fairly heavy, there is a lot of metal in this ring. I'm very happy with it, and wear it every day, I hardly know it's there. <end>  An Excellent Choice  I purchased this and the 4mm ring for my husband and I. We want matching rings to wear day to day, so we can keep our other, more delicate, rings tucked away for special occasions. These rings are both smooth, flawless, highly polished and far more comfortable than our original set. Comfort fit certainly lives up to its name. For the price, these are unbeatable. <end>  You can't go wrong  I've had it a month. Worn it daily. Looks new still. It turns out my fingers change size alot. But it is the size I ordered. I'm very happy with it. <end>  mens wedding band  gorgeous ring! my hubby to be loves it, great color- darker than silver so he feels like he is wearing a man's ring! fits true to size and has a nice heavy feel to it. so far so good! <end>  Ring  Great ring, well polished, fits perfectly. Great customer service, fast delivery. I would not hesitate to buy from this seller again and again. <end>  Better than the ones in stores selling for $175+  Amazing! Nicer than the ones I've seen in stores selling for more than $175. Arrived very quick (4 days), and I'm in the northeast. <end>  Great ring, couldn't be happier.  This is truly a great ring. Looks great, feels great, extremely scratch resistant, what more can a say. I've been asked if it was platinum by several people. Definitely the best value out there. <end>  Really nice ring  Excellent ring. Shipping was fast. At first I was concerned I had bought 1/2 size too big, but turned out to not be a problem. Also, with the 1 free trade-in policy, wouldn't have been an issue at all. Good shopping experience. <end>  Can't beat the price  I ordered this ring for my husband to replace the wedding ring he lost. It has a good, study, heavy feel. He says it is comfortable to wear. And you really just can't beat the price! <end>  no complaints  My husband wears this for a wedding band. It's masculine, extremely scratch resistant, and great for men who are constantly getting their hands dirty. I also have one that I wear to the gym or while traveling and it's perfect. <end>  pretty darn good  This ring is awesome,nice weight,scratch resistant,and well worth the money try it out you wont regret it <end>
 B000KDZGXS  Tungsten Carbide 8 mm Domed Wedding Band Ring Gold Tone Etched Triangular Pattern, sizes 7 to 14 ||	  WOW!!  This ring looks even better in person, and the weight is heavy and the thickness is comfortable. My husband was well pleased. Im going to look for a ring for myself. Thanks Sabrina <end>  Couldn't be happier with Sabrina Silver  It was a real pleasure doing business with Sabrina Silver. I ordered a few things from them and each one is very nice quality and rec'd items in the time promised. Also, I needed to do some returns and exchanges due to sizing and it was extremely easy. Gigi was very nice and accommodating. I would order from this company again with complete confidence. <end>  Only the best  I bought this ring right after I got married and it's great! I've had so many comments from men and women about how much they like it and they've never seen one like it before. I'm buying enough to last a lifetime, that's how much I like this ring. The only negative thing towards it is that it can get a little scuffed up, other than that it is flawless. Not disappointed at all. <end>
 B000KDZH50  Tungsten Carbide 8 mm Domed Wedding Band Ring for Him & Her Gold Tone Etched Stripes, sizes 7 to 14 ||	  Nice man's ring  Bought this for my husband and he really likes it. Would make a good wedding band. <end>  Great Seller  This product FAR exceeded my expectations. I had to return twice because of my own fault of not getting the correct size. The Seller IMMEDIATELY exchanged the product FREE of charge. I WILL definitely buy from them again~ <end>  Tungsten Carbide ring  I have been wearing this ring for a few weeks and I'm very pleased with it. It is very shiny and does not seem to scratch like gold. <end>  Love It!  I purchased this ring for my husband's wedding band, and when I got it I knew I had picked the right ring-the pictures do it no justice, it is beautiful and is just his style. He's gotten so many compliments on the ring, people assume it cost a pretty penny because of the way it looks. He loves it, it fits him perfectly, and it has not a scratch on it even though he works with his hands daily. Great ring, and the price was unbeliveable-I saw rings in the jewelry stores that didn't look nearly as good but were priced $300+. I would highly recommend this ring and Sabrina Silver. <end>  Tungsten Carbidde Comfort Band  Stunning and quality built ring. It was the perfect gift and so glad that I got it. <end>  Scratch Free and Gorgeous  This is an excellent ring, low priced and heavy. There is no scratches even with heavy hand use. It's well balanced, looks expensive and I would happily choose this over gold options. <end>  Super Gorgeous Ring*  I cannot describe how pleased I am with this product, it looks way better in person, it has a tremendous quality and seems to be much more expensive!. My husband and I bought this as an alternative ring to wear at work, but honestly I like it better than my original set. If you buy it you'll be 100% satisfied. If you have trouble with the size, the seller is great at exchanges, just one time at no cost, and they are fast delivering the rings to you. Buy it and you won't regret! thanks Sabrina silver =] <end>  Wow  The picture does not do the ring justice. I could not be more pleased. The shipping was fast and the product is of good quality. <end>  nice ring  Hey. This ring is really nice and has a heavy quality. My fiance' tried it on but he says he wanted a full gold ring. He wants his to cost as much as mine did. he is a big baby LOL. But if your looking for a good price and quality ring this is it. The only problem is that it was a tad to big. I recieved the ring in about 4-5 days. Thanks Jennifer <end>  Beautiful Rings  The Tungsten Carbide Ring was beautiful! Great look and feel. Just stunning. Couldn't have been more pleased with product and service! <end>  Nice ring  In the picture it looks like there are some black marble-looking swirls. The actual ring does not have these. It just looks like a gold ring with greyish gold stripes. The ring definately comes at least 1/2 size larger than what you expect after getting sized at the jewelry store. I had read some of the other reviews that said this but still ordered a size 10. When the ring came it was actually a 10 1/2 so I am exchanging it. They are very good about exchanging it. One other thing about this ring that you may be interested in knowing is that there are some faint lines running across the stripes every quarter inch all the way around the ring. you can only see them on the grey stripes and you have to look close, but they are there. Overall a great ring! <end>  ring  Fast service and very friendly - with ease of return!!! The ring was too big and we didn't like the width on my fiance's hand but it was excellent quality and very very nice people to deal with! Definitely recommend!! <end>  Looks better in person  Received it in just a few days and it was more than I expected! I had no problem with the size. I hear the ring size chart you can print out on here is always off since most printers shrink it once it`s printed, so it`s not the sellers fault.Will be shopping with them again! <end>  Nice ring  This is a nice ring. Unfortunately, it did not fit and there was not one in my size. I received a prompt refund. <end>  Great ring  My husband got this for himself but gave it to me. Its perfect for those not so pretty days...Or baseball days...I wear my bridal set on occassions. This is great..looks like reall gold..Heavy. A tough material..Recommended for anyone!! <end>  Great Wedding ring replacement or newly wed  I love this ring. Since I work on my car alot. My gold ring got beat up quickly. This ring looks better than my 18k ring, is very durable, and always looks great. I recommend this to all who love the comfort fit and who is tough on wedding rings. Perfect for newly weds. If I was to do it all over again I would have bought this ring over my original gold wedding ban. Very happy with it and get several great comments. <end>  Amazing Ring, Great Price!!  Wow!! I found this same ring on another website for 700 U.S. dollars! The price is amazing and the ring is beyond beautiful! The picture doesn't do much justice. It has a little bit of weight to it, which my husband likes. You won't be disappointed! <end>  Sabrina Silver is Great!!!!!  The rings are beautiful, The pictures do not do the rings justice. We ordered the rings and expected to wait 10 days before we got the rings, instead we received the rings in 7 days, used standard Shipping since did not need by a specific date. The rings are more beautiful and a little heavyer than expected but once I got used to the weight every thing is perfect. I can not believe the cost, high cost Jewlery Store Quality at a bargin rate, I will definately be shopping Sabrina Silver again!!!!! <end>  great quality  This is a great ring, with great quality, it also looks more expensive than amazon price. <end>  Truly Outstanding - Don't Pass It Up  Guy's, you are going to love this ring! I've researched tungsten rings via the internet and found this exact ring elsewhere for $200.00! The ring itself is substantial in weight, and the "comfort fit" just glides on and off your finger. I normally wear a size 13 ring, but ordered a 1/2 size smaller. Perfect fit! It matches my gold jewelry to a "T". When they say it won't scratch...BELIEVE IT...it doesn't. One of the best ring purchases ever! This ring is definately a winner and a keeper! <end>  The Best Value for money you will ever get !  I bought this ring for my wedding in March 2007. I was a bit surprised in the longer than normal delivery time frame despite placing the order on expedite shippping.The product however is exceptionally great. You would be surprised by the heaviness of such a ring.The picture does not do the ring justice.Trust me if you buy it you will not regret it.I had a jeweller friend examine the ring and he could not believe the low price i paid for it. <end>  Excellent ring  The ring is more great than it looks on the website, it's comfort, elegant,and heavy. The delivery was just on time. <end>  quality at a great price  My wife order this ring for me which is a great ring at a good price. The only problem was that is was a 1/2 size to big. It was exchanged without hassle and in a short time frame. The ring looks even better than the picture. Highly recommended!! <end>  Excellent value for what it costs  I'll make it quick. The ring is made of tungsten carbide with zirconium nitride coating... ZrN is HARD! It's almost as hard as tungsten carbide. While the coating isn't bullet proof or impossible to scratch, it's damn close. I've grabbed metal poles and bumped into hard metals without a scratch. It's much better than having a gold/titanium/platinum ring, as they are more expensive and more likely to scratch. I love this ring. I'm about to buy another just just in case something crazy happens. <end>  Fantastic Ring!  My husband and I both got this ring to use as our wear to work rings. I work in a metal shop and my ring goes through a lot. I have been wearing it for 6 months now and it is still shiny and there are ZERO scratches. It still looks brand new! I wanted to have a tungsten ring becasue, if there were an accident in my metal shop and my had got smashed, the ring will not bend. If anything were to happen, it would end up shattering due to it's brittle and not malleable nature. The ring is VERY confortable! I am a big fan of the smoothe comfort fit. And one more plus to the whole buying experience, the seller was very promp getting the rings to me. I will buy from them again. <end>  This Ring is really pretty!  I ordered this ring, after months of research about this material, Tungsten Carbide. Best value for MY money! The pic. doesn't do it justice, people are RIGHT! I ordered it on Friday evening and got it today, which is Wednesday. No problems what-so-ever with the delivery. I'll shop with this dealer as often as I can, afford to do so!LOL!Great price, we looked at the Jewerly store at the mall, and they wanted 4-5 times what I just paid for it! Same stuff, just Fancy store prices!We love it! He had his ring measurement at the fancy store, and I ordered the size 9, and it was perfect! No size discrepancies!I Promise you, you will not be disappointed in any way, shape or form with this ring and the Dealer!Thank-you for being one the "smooth" areas of planning a wedding! <end>  Elegant yet tough ring - Save $$$ for your honeymoon - Looks better than our gold ring!  Update 1/3/09  One thing to consider is that not only can this ring not be resized, but would be EXTREMELY difficult to remove because it can't be cut off (very easily). I don't know how that would be done in an emergency situation at a hospital; Just something to keep in mind when considering this ring. But two years later, we're still married, and hubby is still wearing this ring. It is virtually unscratched.My husband has a gold wedding band, but he uses his hands alot while working, so we were concerned about 1  Him losing his gold wedding band and 2  the band getting damaged while he works.I searched on Amazon and ordered this ring. We were looking for a two-tone ring that would withstand his working conditions, and not break our bank account if it happens to get lost.This ring arrived well packaged with padding and a plastic bag. It is GORGEOUS! Most tungsten rings we've seen look like someone took a pipe from a home improvement store and sliced it so they could wear it on their finger (and that's really how they make these rings). This banded ring looks like a real piece of fine jewelry. The two-tone finish makes the ring look more like a gold ring, and therefore, it looks more expensive, than your typical tungsten rings. Most people are stunned when we tell them its a tungsten ring because they assume its a two-toned gold/white gold ring.The only drawbacks about this ring are that it cannot be resized, and you can't have any engraving done on it. However, we paid over $700 for hubby's resized engraved gold ring, so that is the cost of sentimental value. If those options are not a priority, I would highly recommend this ring, and use the saved $$$ on your honeymoon. Hubby has worn this ring continuously since January, and it is still as lovely as when we first bought it. The expensive ring sits in a box, and doesn't even make it to special occasions because hubby stresses about it. With this ring, he can relax and not worry about banging it on the counters. <end>  Such a deal!  I bought this ring at the same time I purchased my wedding band. Great price and a beautiful ring. Personally, I think the Tungsten Carbide is the way to go. Better than Titanium which tends to scratch more. No scratches on this ring and the shine and luster make this ring look way more expensive than it is. Fast shipment and the best "deal" I have had in a long time. You will not regret buying this ring. <end>  Great Ring, Great Value !  My finger must have shrunk slightly over the past 13 years because my wedding band was starting to be too loose...it flew off a couple times and I almost lost it. Due to the wide, thin shape of the band I'm not sure if shrinking was an option, so I decided to just tuck my original wedding band in a safe spot and buy a smaller replacement one to wear day-to-day. This is the same width as my original band, and I couldn't be happier with it. Great look and feel. It is a bit thicker/heavier than my original gold band, but I love the feel of it. I agree with some other reviewers that I think it probably runs 1/2-size large, but I compensated for that with my size selection. This is a very sharp-looking ring. I was expecting to pay much more for a replacement, but I didn't have to ! I've used tungsten to weight pinewood derby cars before, but never expected to be wearing tungsten for my wedding band ! <end>  Tungsten Ring, Zirconium Plated  I feel that this is a very nice ring, it is solid not hollow as many are these days, the plating is tough, I attempted to scratch it inside the band and was unable to do so. I am not saying it wont scratch, I am saying it wont scratch easily... <end>  Ok ring  This ring is nice, however it did scratch! I thought they were not suppose to sratch? but it is a nice ring, maybe its the finish that did. <end>  Great for almost one year exactly  I purchased this ring for my husband for our 5 year anniversary last year. It looked great, was comfortable and fit well. Almost a year to the day I ordered it he called me at work to tell me that it had broke. It is now in two pieces. It is so bizzare because it broke it two perfact halves. I can't complain too much since I paid under $50 for it, but I thought it would last more than one year. <end>  A nice wedding band.  I needed a new wedding band. Still had the original and it was 35 years old. This filled the ticket. I wanted something simple and had no interest in spending a lot of money for it. The ring looks nice and is holding up to wear. No complaints. <end>  Fabulously Beautiful Ring!!!  Sorry for the late review but we are about to celebrate our 3rd anniversary and the ring is as beautiful as the day I received it. My husband loves it. It is very comfortable & durable!!! Thank you! <end>  awesome  this ring keeps its shine and doesn't scratch and doesn't fade in color....no matter what I do with it. Granted, I've only had it for a couple of months, but if what I've noticed so far continues, this will be the best ring I've ever had. <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring is beautiful and has a hefty feel to it. I lost my wedding band after 20 years and rather than get an expensive gold replacement ring I asked my wife to get me this one for Christmas. Mine has a lighter gold-coloring than the one pictured but it is very attractive and I think I like it better than the picture. Like several people have noted, the rings run small. <end>
 B000KE1DC0  Tungsten Carbide 8 mm Faceted Dome Wedding Band Ring Octagon Patterns, sizes 5 to 14 ||	  Nice heavy band  Stunning band, heavy and solid. True to size. If you like a ring that shines, this is one of the best. <end>  Nice ring!  My husband's wedding ring broke and I wanted to get him something that wasn't easy to damage, but still looked nice. This ring is gorgeous. It's quite shiny and the facets really set this ring off. <end>  very comfortable  when they say comfort fit they mean it. however it will slip off your finger quite easily when you wash your hands. it's tungsten carbide so it can fall in a pile of gravel and not get scratched. great for the active guy on the move. <end>  excellent ring - very happy with it.  The ring that I purchased was actually more beautiful than I expected. My husband was very happy with it. <end>  can't go wrong  I received this ring as a valentines present from my wife. The ring is very durable and looks great. It has just enough "flash". If you are in the market for a great ring with flash, you can't go wrong with this ring. Great ring........ <end>  Excellent ring  Love this ring its very durable and looks "BLING BLING".The comfort fit is awesome. Great buy. Looks 10 times better in person than in the picture. <end>
 B000KEK8M6  The Katie Collection - Sterling Silver 7" Stars Bracelet ||	  Not solid  but shiny. The stars are not solid, rather being sort of clam-like. Each star folds together and inserts into the next, leaving a visible gap which makes the bracelet look cheap. It is also very light. One side of the stars is puffy and the other side is flatter, and both sides were easily scratched during normal wear. So much for my 5-year anniversary gift. <end>  Is that a Tiffany's bracelet?  I had a friend of mine ask me this because she said it looked like their logo. When I told her I'd gotten it from Amazon and for a decent price, she was stunned. It's very feminine and looks nice on my small wrist. I love it. <end>
 B000KENJS6  Sterling Silver Bezel Set Sapphire Eternity Band ||	  No...no...no...  Read consumer feedback FIRST! The ring looks better online than it does in reality. Apparently this jewelry is supposed to be "Tiffany inspired"? But for this particular item, more like Tiffany's sister.....I kept the ring though because I needed a blue-stoned pinky ring. It fulfills its purpose....for now....In general, I find that the Eve's Addiction simulated stone rings are overpriced for the cheap-looking creations you end up getting. Their stainless steel line is great though, that's your better bet. <end>  Sapphire Eternity Band  Let's just say... I will be wearing this eternity band for an eternity. I LOVE IT! shipped very quickly and great for price. <end>
 B000KEP948  Sterling Silver Rhodium Coreana Chain ||	  Great chain  Bought this as a gift. very pleased with the packaging and the presentation. The chain is a very nice addition to the silver colection. Would recommend buying this one. <end>
 B000KFKYF6  Spider - Passion Pink Gem Belly Ring ||	  Cheap made.  Hasn't broken or anything, but made the hole really red and sore and I've had the piercing for YEARs! <end>
 B000KFOWLS  Black Enamel Skeleton Bones Dangle Belly Ring ||	  really cool  he's neat, i'm just worried i'm gonna catch an arm or leg on my clothing and yank it off! <end>  Perfect for special nights  When heading to rock concerts or halloween this was a prefect decoration to my belly. Seems large and heavy but not so much dangles nicely. i would suggest purchase to those wild enough to wear it! <end>
 B000KFRE0E  Athena Crystalline Cross Belly Button Ring ||	  Only the barbell is stainless steel  I loved this design and was looking for a cross that didn't dangle. But after about two weeks of showering, the cross began to change colors (because of the cheap metal) and the center stone fell out, which is not prong set. Overall it was very disappointing. Nice design but poor overall quality. <end>
 B000KFSJ26  Powell Pine Jewelry Armoire ||	  Good for the price and plenty of space  I bought this for my wife and it was just what I was looking for and she loves it. There is plenty of space.There was only one con and that was a few things I had to fix taking it out of the box like the mirror fell off.I was able to fix these and nothing to difficult more annoying than anything else but what do you expect these days.I would buy it again just remember your might have to fix a couple of little things on it. <end>  Powell Pine Jewelry Armoire  Poor! Poor! Poor!!! Poor craftsmanship! Poor shipping! Poor customer service from Powell Company! I will never do business with this backwoods outfit. The item came with damaged mirror and the craftsmanship of the whole item was bad. Glue was everywhere, drawers did not align. It was supposed to be a birthday present for my wife and now I have to return the whole item because the Powell Company does not have parts. Amazon NEEDS to DROP this vendor. Amazon customer service was good.... but Powell Company has been... by FAR my worse experience with an associated vendor of Amazon. Amazon, please do not darken your purse strings with these crack heads.http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KFSJ26/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleCan I give this item minus 5 stars? <end>  Poor Design  Arrived with two 1.5 inch separated glued-joints where hinged top attaches. Very poor design. No visible shipping damage to carton. Heavy item from China. Also not all pine. Mostly pine veneer on plywoood and particle board. Not worth the money even without the defect. Amazon was very good about the return, no shipping charge. <end>  Nice jewelry storage!  I really like this jewelry armoire. Good quality, packaged securely for shipping.I especially like that there are two rows of hooks on each side for my necklaces. <end>
 B000KFWJAY  Powell Heirloom Cherry Jewlry Armoire ||	  Could Not Be Worse  Order placed on 12/10. As of 12/17, no update to order - still hasn't shipped. Amazon has no way to contact shipper, and cannot cancel the order. Customer sevice rep at Amazon was clueless, and supervisor refused to get on the phone with me. Had to ask for her boss in order to talk with someone with some options for me.Amazon, Powell may be the seller, but you're the ones that took my credit card. You're the ones that offer this garbage on your website. You're the ones that accept customer service supervisors that refuse to take legitimate customer calls. What in the world is going on? Merry Christmas... <end>  Much less quality armoire than expected  The jewelry armoire arrived very quickly and was packaged great. It was a lighter color (and more red) than shown in advertising pictures. I was surprised how little real wood was in the armoire. The legs, drawer fronts, and lid were wood. Everything else appeared as composite wood or plywood or MDF. What dissapointed me the most were the quality of the drawer sides, bottoms, and back and the support structure of the case. They were composite type wood (or chip core) and not very pleasant to slide in/out. The drawer rough bottom edges made their use unpleasant and hard to slide. I bought this for my wife as a gift. I was disappointed enough with it to go out and buy her another one immediately at my local furniture store. I will get rid of this one. <end>
 B000KG8N44  1/2ctw Diamond Princess Stud Earrings (GH/VS) in White Gold ||	  Beautiful!  These earrings are exactly as described. I searched many different retailers seeking good quality, reasonably priced, Princess cut diamond stud earrings for my daughter. There are better 'prices' on 1/2ctw earrings, but not a better value for the quality. They shipped quickly - were packaged nicely - and even came with a gemologist appraisal. She's going to be thrilled and I'm going to get the Best Dad Award! Highly recommend this seller and this product. <end>
 B000KG8NQM  Heirloom Quality Sterling Silver Marcasite / Natural Garnet Heart Locket. ||	  Great gift for my wife  I bought this as a gift for my wife for a birthday. Was very pretty in person and perfect for what she wanted. It is a little heavy, but I translate to sturdy instead of a light item that can break or be easily crushed. <end>
 B000KGASAQ  Large Southwestern Style Indian Chief Headdress Ring with Turquoise & Coral Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver for Men, Size 13, #10535 ||	  WOW!!! and a POW WOW of a RING!!!  This is a fantastic looking ring and will cause a sensation when you wear it....Every American should wear this ring to honor our native Americans who have suffered greatly at the hands of our unjust government and theirbroken promises....Marlin Brando would have loved this ring and worn it proudly to show his support of all native Americans.... <end>  Worth the money!  I bought this ring at a local pow wow three years ago for $120 - but in a size 9. It has a good weight, very sturdy and wears well. I would buy another one in a heartbeat! <end>
 B000KGESMK  5mm Wide Sterling Silver Double Link Chain Charm Necklace 18" ||	  Nice chain for the price  This is a really nice chain for the price,but not as heavy as I expected. Also it is not good for pendants as it lies flat. However, as a chain to wear by itself, it is a nice look for a reasonable price <end>
 B000KGIM7W  PalmBeach Jewelry Garnet Necklace 18&quot; ||	  Nice necklace for the price  The image gave me the impression the nuggets would have more variation but they are a consistently very dark reddish-violet. Not complaining, I like the necklace. Goes well with casual tops. Can't go wrong with the price. <end>
 B000KGMN1S  Large Black Agate Oval Donut Pendant ||	  Stylish  I use this with either a silver chain or a black cord. It is a simple yet striking piece which I find quite versatile. <end>
 B000KGOXB6  Mens Diamond Accent Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  BRACELET  MEN'S DIAMONT ACCENT STERLING SILVERT BRACELEST IT IS A LITLE IN THE SMALL SICE FOR A MEN BUTT NICE LOKES GREATS FEALTS GOOD IT A GOOD BITE NOT TO BEAT; <end>
 B000KHGIGS  Blue Howlite Earrings ||	  lapis earrings  I have wanted several pair of lapis earrings -different styles but not ones that one would find in a "regular" jewelry store or catalog. I found one pair when i went on a trip to Turkey last year that were unusual. Since i won't be traveling anytime soon, I checked Amazon as i have bought a number of jewelry items and have been vey pleased.I purchased this earrings from Amazon. There was a good description and could enhance the picture of them so i could really see how they looked. When i received the earrings, i was not disappointed. The 3 "stones" were each a slightly different shape and different hues of blue. i love them and have received compliments whenever i wear them. The price was very reasonable. Margo Rice. (I didn't proof read this email) <end>  Love these blue lapis earrings  My favorite color is blue. These are a gorgeous blue color lapis. They are really perfect to wear with anything. <end>
 B000KHGII6  Chalcedony and Pearl Earrings - Stones are Smaller Than Pictured ||	  Gorgeous!  I irdered these earrings because they were cute and so reasonable in price. I had no idea they were going to be gorgeous! They are more delicate, shiny and lighter in color than they appear in the picture and just somehow look as if they sort of glow from inside. I put them on as soon as the arrived and when my husband came home he complemented me on them right away. Wonderful! <end>
 B000KHGIRM  Pewter Goddess Necklace with Colorful Crystal Beads, Adjustable ||	  Good People  this is a company that CARES about its clientele. you can order from them with confidence that they are honest and reliable. I'd buy from them again. Kym O. <end>
 B000KHH2PE  Sterling Silver Teardrop Pink Crystal 1 inch Long Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful  Wow! This crystal pendant is so pretty! Wear it on an 18 inch or 30 inch chain and like it both ways. Had purchased a clear heart shaped crystal pendant and gave it to my hairdresser. She loves it, but I love this pink pendant best. <end>  Outstanding buy!  My wife and our daughter love all 3 with the blue and vitrail (multicolor) pendants! Though I would give one to each and 3rd to my wifes aunt but they like to trade off so I dont know which is whos.And they ALL look terrific when the sun hits them! <end>  Pink Crystal  I bought this and the Bermuda Blue as gifts for fellow employees in my office and they both love the colors and clarity as well as the perfect size of the crystals. <end>  Lovely  Nice color, like Rose de France - not too pink, not too pale and very sparkly. Faceting is beautiful. Substantial size. <end>
 B000KHJ2C0  SCER120 Sterling Silver Enchanting 10mm Turquoise Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Perfect!  I lost one of my french hook turquoise earrings and needed a replacement pair that wouldn't be so easy to lose. Leverbacks are the answer! I was most pleasantly surprised to find these earrings are well made, sterling silver, not too big and heavy, and just the right color turquoise. Best of all I'm not going to lose them easily. I would certainly buy from this seller again. <end>  Beautiful Earrings with Nice turquoise color  These earrings are even prettier than the online pictures and very well made. The crystal sparkles and the turquoise is a beautiful color - not too blue and not too green. They arrived very quickly. I highly recommend them! <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These are just perfect in every way. I wanted a pair of turquoise earrings that were not too big, but were unique enough to be noticed. This pair did the trick <end>  BEAUTIFUL!  These are some of the prettiest earrings I have seen. They are just the right length and I have gotten many compliments. <end>  very cute and elegant  Very cute earrings that are smaller than what i thought they were but still they show well in spite of the long hair that i have. They suit any face and look stylish and elegant. I am glad I bought them. <end>  have to agree with the other five star reviews  these earrings are just beautiful. The picture does not do them justice - they really have a nice shine and sparkle. They are really eye-catching and unique. <end>  Wow! These are Beautiful  They sounded so pretty and came so highly recommended, I decided to order these and was surprised to discover they are even prettier than I thought they would be! Love that kind of surprise. They are dainty without appearing delicate, real eye catchers! The turquoise has a rich lustre, the crystal elements in clear, solid black and clear turquoise all sparkle, and the little nobbed bead above the turquoise is a perfect compliment. The lever back silver mounting is good quality as well. These little earrings are just gorgeous and I'm thrilled with them. Can't beat the price either. <end>  beautiful earrings  I like the earrings very much.they look cute when i wear them.i would have liked more if they are little more bigger size. <end>  Very pretty, well-made earrings!  I purchased these as a Christmas gift for my brother-in-law's girlfriend. They were much nicer than expected! She liked them a lot. Very pretty turquoise color, and seemed to be made well. I would wear them myself! <end>  Excellent !!!!!!!!!!!!!  I ordered this pair of earrings for my friend on her birthday, and she was very happy after receiving it. It is perfect in size . The color of earrings is gorgeous and looks so elegant. I am very happy that it was great gift for my friend. Thanks lot. <end>  JOHUN  VERY PRETTY SHINY CRYSTALS. QUALITY SEEMS GOOD FOR PRICE. LEVERBACK SEEMS TO WORK OK , CLOSES , OPENS LITTLE SLUGGISH <end>  simple and nice.  I ordered these for my girlfriend, and she seemed to love them. Only problem is that the box it came it looks very very cheap. <end>  Turquoise Pendant  This was a very pretty set of ear rings I got for my wife. I could not believe I got them for the price I did. Shipping was and on time. I could not be more satisfied. <end>  well-made earrings  These earrings are very nice, the turquoise is a very pretty blue and the added crystals really bring it all together very nicely. Not too heavy on the ear, very dainty. Sterling silver leverback, so easy off and on. I would recommend these earrings and this seller. <end>  Astonishing  These earrings are beautiful, they went very well with my turqouise summer dress, and exact match. The price was right and the package and delivery was excellent. <end>  Great gift!!!!  Bought this earrings as a present for my mother, hope she will like them.i received order and was very impressed with quality and beauty of this little earrings. They even better than on the picture.want to order a pair of earrings from this seller for myself))) <end>  Excellent Service  Quick and responsive merchant. I highly recommend them for your next purchase. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I bought these for a supervisor for a Secret Santa. She was very pleased! They were very classy, pretty and nice looking. The turquoise is lovely. Nice lever back clasp too! <end>  Great gift!  I got this gift for my mom for mother's day and she loved it. Also, since I couldn't be there for mother's day, I decided to mail it to her and the product was there just on time for mother's day. The company shipped it fast! <end>  Love These Earrings!  I love these earrings and have worn them several times. Enough said! Thank you so very, very much for a beautiful product! <end>  Jenn  These are very pretty and match the necklace I also purchased. I love the latching hook style and the stones were nicer than they appeared in the picture. <end>  Nice! The 'perfect' earrings!  I was looking for what I consider a 'perfect' pair of earrings - something that I can let in my ears when I go to bed and not fuss with changing each day. I like leverbacks because I have long hair. Fishhooks get caught in my hair. Post earrings are sometimes difficult to sleep in. These earrings fit the bill for me. The weight is light enough for daily use. The length is perfect for casual everyday wear - not so long as to look silly with jeans and a t-shirt. However, with their vintage look, Swarovski crystals, and Sterling silver findings, they also go very nicely with dressier attire. Very pleased with them! <end>
 B000KHJ306  14 KT Yellow Gold 8 MM X 6 MM Pink Topaz Gemstone 14K Leverback Drop Earrings ||	  Very Satisfied  I was very pleased with the quality of these earrings. I had previously purchased a similar pair from ice.com which were cheesey in comparison and I returned them. These are very lovely, sturdy enough but still very delicate. I would definitly trust using this particular vendor in the future as the product stood up to it's description. I am especially pleased because these are a gift for my sister who has just completed breast cancer surgery. Her birthstone is topaz and the pink color for breast cancer survivor. <end>
 B000KHMN8K  Chakra Earrings with Silver Wire Wrap ||	  Chakra Earrings  These earrings arrived quickly and are absolutely stunning!I was quite impressed with the entire experience.I give this company an A+. <end>  Beautiful!  I wasn't sure when I ordered the earrings if I was that crazy about them, but I wanted an affordable Chakra earring. They arrived in 3 days and are so beautiful. The first day I wore them I received compliments from every person I came in contact with. For less than $20 they are definitely worth it. I love them! <end>
 B000KIVSQC  My Fireman in Red Heart Italian Charm 18k Gold and Glitter Enamel Love Theme by Casa D'Oro ||	  clearly charming  i had no problems with my order from clearly charming.my item was delivered to me in about 3 days which i thought was very quick.i recieved my item as described and have ordered from them since. <end>
 B000KJ7SDI  .925 Sterling Silver Wire Bracelet - Charm Bracelet - 7 inches ||	  Silver wire bracelet  Had a bracelet like this in the early 80's lost it over the years. I wanted to replace it and so I did. I really have enjoyed wearing this bracelet as much as my original one. <end>
 B000KK8FVG  Ring - R43 - Swarovski (tm) Crystal Stretch - Square Style - Size Lg ~ Rose (Pink) ||	  Huge Disappointment!  I bought this ring and was so anxious to receive it. When I opened the package, it was just as it said very beautiful. Unfortunately within 2 days the "Rose" coloring started to come off and by the 3rd day the stones were all clear white! I am very disappointed and would NOT recommend this product to anyone looking for a "Rose" colored Swarovski ring...you may as well color yours in at home for free. <end>
 B000KKMFPI  Dragonfly Earrings in Blue Topaz and Sterling Silver ||	  Magnificent  These earrings are beautiful and large. I got them for my sister, whocollects dragonflies. She loved them. Just one of the nice jewelry I'vereceived from Amazon. <end>  Pretty earrings!  I was surprised when I received these earrings. They're such a nice size. They were a birthday gift for my 10 year old grand daughter. I think they were a perfect size and fit, with wonderful sparkle. A very nice product. <end>  nice earrings  these are very nice earrings. they shipped fast and came with free shipping and a coupon. nice packaging. <end>  Bright and Shiny  The silver is polished perfectly, and the blue topaz sparkles. These are beautiful earrings my wife and daughter love them. <end>  Stone fell out  cute but disappointed stone fell out. Hard to say a lot about the product they look good but when the stone fell out you can't fix it, or do you want to pay to have the stone replaced return it after it is worn. <end>
 B000KM315E  Sterling Silver Bold Mariner Link Bracelet 7" ||	  Sorry to return this one! Bracelet a little long for me  This bracelet seemed a little long for me and was actually a little more than 7" - I need a 7" bracelet tops. It was very pretty and the width of the link was great. I was sorry to send it back but the company was very good about giving me a credit. If you like a 7 1/4" bracelet, you may like this one. <end>
 B000KM32EY  Sterling Silver Onyx Slide Pendant with 17" Leather Necklace ||	  Prettier than pictured  This is a beautiful necklace, it will stand out and look great with my evening wear. <end>
 B000KM32IU  Sterling Silver Curb Link W/Station & 5Round Cz Charm 16" ||	  I LIKE IT!  THE NECKLACE IS EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED. VERY NICE WEIGHT TO IT TOO. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE. <end>
 B000KM33ES  Sterling Silver & Diamond Circles Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Sterling Silver & Diamond Circle Pendant with 18" Chain  I was so surprised when this Pendant arrived.The diamonds are not cloudy, and the size of the pendant is just right. It's not small nor too big...I recommend this pendant highly! I am purchasing more as future gifts... <end>  Not worth more than $20  I was so excited to get this and was very surprised at how small it was. The 'diamonds' are more like diamond dust or diamond chips and in all honesty the setting is more sparkely than the diamonds are. It is pretty and I am sure it will look nice on but my first impression was "OH! This is all it is?!" <end>  VERY NICE  BOUGHT THIS FOR MY BIRTH MOM THAT I JUST MET A YEAR AND HALF AGO. SHE LOVES IT! TAHNKS FOR MAKING US HAPPY! <end>  Love it  I love it, it is great. It looks wonderful and is very pretty <end>  Beware of Costume Jewelry!!  "I ordered the Sterling Silver & Diamond Circles Pendant with 18" Chain. Not only were the items late, but when they did arrive the "diamonds" in the necklace looked like costume jewerly. The necklace was retailed at $99.99, but I highly doubt that its even worth the $20 I paid for it. My next jewerly purchase will be made through a real jewerly store." <end>  Love it!  The picture listed here does not do this necklace justice. It is very pretty! <end>
 B000KM4CU2  Sterling Silver Amethyst Circle Drop Earrings ||	  Just a little too late and not put together well!  This was a first time for me.I expereinced an extremely late delivery. When I did recieve the earrings one was broken, or apart, and seperate from the other earring which was in a plastic and zipped envelope????Since I had allot of expereince with making my own jewelry, I was able to use my personal jewelry tools to put the earrings back together.Once this was accomplished,and the earrings were on my ears, they did not face forward, they seemed to turn in the wrong direction.After lots of tweaking, being careful not to break the metal, I was able to adjust the earring to face front ward.For the price and time spent selecting these earrings....I felt this purchase was not worth all the trouble and repair time I had to spend....The delivery was seperate, even though I requested these earrings be combined with additonal purchases, I had made / purchased the same day, therefore S&H; was additional so I felt for all the trouble and cost, these earrings were just not worth my efforts.They are also weigh heavy on my ears...Rather than return these earring and incur yet additional S&H; fee's, I will gift them to a friend. <end>
 B000KM4DDI  Sterling Silver Butterfly Pendant W/Diamond ||	  Poor little butterfly!  The butterfly was larger than I expected. Mine didn't come with a chain, but perhaps it wasn't supposed to. The piece felt hollow. I would call it molded rather than crafted. Diamond chips were barely visible. Sorry, but it was cheap looking. I would never give as a gift. This company has been great with returns (plus their gift boxes are very nice), so I know there will be no problem returning. <end>  this was a wonderful gift..  i actually bought this for my granddaughter for christmas, a few years ago, and my daughter actually took ownership of it, and still wears it to this day, it's a beautiful piece.. <end>
 B000KM4YP0  SilverBin Sterling Silver High Polish Cutout Army Band Ring ||	  gift was liked  I bought this ring for an Army veteran and He loved it. It is a classy way to say Army and I served my Country...Great feel to the ring smooth and comfortable to wear. Thank You <end>  excellence  This ring was a gift for my brother. It will serve as a momento of his service to our country. I would highly recommend it. <end>
 B000KM53V4  14K Yellow Gold Guardian Angel w/ Diamond w/ Light French Rope - 18'' ||	  Guardian Angel pendant  It was a beautiful pendant - given as a gift. The packaging was very nice and a great added value. <end>
 B000KM5530  14K Yellow Gold 'Victori Lady' Agate Cameo Pendant - 1" x 3/4" ||	  Unique pendant  The cameo pendant with a most novel shape immediately captured my interest. My spouse loves unique jewelry, esp when chosen with her in mind.The purchase exceeded the pictures and descriptions by miles. It has become my wife's favorite piece of jewelry. If you enjoy cameos, you can probably do no better than this pendant! <end>  Very Nice Cameo  The pendant design was interesting, and the wormanship was excellent. The price was very good, and delivery was as promised. <end>
 B000KM5620  Silver Framed Guardian Angel Agate Cameo with 18" Chain ||	  Excellent workmanship  I ordered this Guardian Angel cameo for my 6-year-old daughter and was very impressed with the quality of the necklace when I received it. She saves it for extra special occasions and really treasures it. Thank you for creating such a nice product. <end>  pretty  The chain was kind of cheap, but the cameo was nice. A little lighter than I would have imagined... I bought it as a gift for a friend. She loves it. <end>
 B000KM76WI  14kt Gold Initial "A" Charm Pendant with 20" Chain ||	  Perfect size for man or woman  The rich color of this piece is quality. Brought it for teenage son, he loves it, the size is not too small it gets lost and not too big its tacky. <end>
 B000KM8I2A  Sterling Silver 3-Drop Fresh Water Pearl Earring ||	  Cute but very hard to put on!  Very hard clasp to close- nearly lost the earrings twice- they are cute but beware! <end>
 B000KPP50A  Sterling Silver Twist Drop Earrings ||	  chunky and a bit cartoony  These earrings are much bigger than they seem and rather clunky and cheap looking. They have a "made in china" label engraved on them! They remind me of something Wilma Flintstone would wear. I have no idea what to do with them... <end>
 B000KPRE9U  14k Gold Diamond and Yellow Sapphire Cat Charm ||	  I think this piece is gorgeous  I've been very happy with every piece I have from Harris Michael, and I think this piece is gorgeous. I hope I get it for Christmas ;-) <end>
 B000KPRJYK  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Filigree Dangle Earrings ||	  Absolutely Stunning  I purchased these earrings in December and I absolutely love them. They are very stunning and quite an attention grabber. I have had several people stop me to ask to see them and they too thought them to be quite beautiful. <end>  ear rings  Ilove the silver.with my short hair the ear rings really stand out. I love them and was not disapointed. <end>
 B000KPRKZI  Sterling Silver Round CZ Post Earrings ||	  Cloudy stones and flimsy silver  Given the price, my expectations were very low. Those expectations were appropriate. Compared to other CZ jewelry we have lying around, these stones are cloudy, and the silver settings were gray and extremely flimsy.The final product does not resemble the Amazon photo. <end>
 B000KRK4SG  Bright Mix Freshwater Pearl Sterling Spiral Necklace ||	  Great service  This was a Christmas gift for my step-daughter. She was so excited that she put them on right then and wore them the rest of the day. The product was received on time as promised and we had no issues at all with this seller. <end>
 B000KRKG34  Sterling Silver Necklace / Bracelet with a Star Slide ||	  Perfect  I bought 4 of these bracelet's for my neices ages 8 - 13. It was perfect for all of them. It was great that I could get them the same thing, but a little different. Great service fast service. Thanks <end>
 B000KSY6BG  Live Laugh Love Ring Necklace ||	  Simple and Stylish  I liked this necklace so much I had to go back and order it for a couple of my friends. It is very simple and elegant, and goes well with casual or dressy outfits. As a gift it is perfect - it has both beauty and inspiration in one gift. <end>  not as pictured  It's a nice item but it didn't look like the pic. the words seemed thick and were painted outside the line. <end>  Disappointing Chain Quality  I really liked the actual pendants for this necklace, but was disappointed with the quality of the chain...they looked almost plastic, which cheapens the whole gift. <end>
 B000KTVCZI  14kt. Yellow Gold, 1 ct. tw. 7 Stone Journey Diamond Pendant ||	  Beautiful piece of jewelry.  The diamonds are beautiful and I couldn't be happier with how the necklace looks. The only thing I don't like is that the chain is so thin I worry that it will easily break. A chain that is not so delicate would be a better choice. <end>
 B000KU9IA8  Sterling Silver 6.0mm Rolo Link Bracelet 7.5" ||	  Nice!  Nice Shiny round rolo bracelet that compliments my other bracelets on the same hand beautifully. I have ordered several bracelets from Netaya and have not been disappointed once. Seller also ships promptly with tracking info provided. <end>
 B000KV3V8C  Sterling Silver Crystal and Imitation Pearl Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very Disappointed  I was very disappointed when I received this bracelet this morning. It was to be a gift for my mother, but in my opinion it looks quite cheap. No where near the value of the sale price, let alone the original price. I will be returning it. <end>  D Parsley T  This is such a beautiful bracelet. The crystals are really gorgeous when any light shines on them. <end>
 B000KVFH9I  Sterling Silver Pink & Clear Crystal Anklet 9 to 10 inch Ankle Bracelet Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Pretty and dainty....  This bracelet is delicate, yet strong and so pretty. It has such clarity to the crystals, they just shine. And it is very comfortable. I have already had compliments on it.And the service was great, along with the price. I highly recommend Gem Avenue. <end>
 B000KVH1OM  Black Enameled Bulls Eye Cufflinks Silver-Tone Cuff Links ||	  Poor quality, photo misrepresented item  I found these cufflinks to be poor quality and barely resembling the photo in the listing. The silver tone film had bubbles on the face of the piece, the craftmanship was rough and inprecise. Overall, I was quite dissapointed. The vendor handled the return satisfactorily, promptly and courteously. <end>  cuff links  These cuff links are pretty and are good in quality but a bit too big. <end>  Poor Quality  These broke almost immediately after purchasing. If you are someone who is going to wear cufflinks often then invest in something more quality. <end>  Ver low quality  The item is very low quality for anybodies eyes. Dont buy it. Looks very cheap and ugly. <end>
 B000KWDAGO  Mens Diamond Wedding Ring 14K Yellow Gold Channel Set ||	  Ring review  This wedding band is very unique from the curved channel set diamond to the combination brushed and polished look. The clean, flat inner face makes it very easy to inscribe for the love of your life. My husband always got compliments, usually other guys. It was very reasonably priced and difficult to replace as the features of this ring are so unique. If I found another I would surely purchase it. <end>
 B000KWGO3A  Sterling Silver Ring Ladies Fancy Bypass Style Band ||	  unusual design  I got this ring as a gift. I love it because of its unusual and beautiful design. My only comment for those who are considering buying it is that the image makes it look bigger. It's not as big or thick as it looks in the picture. Very beautiful though. <end>  Excellent service and product....  I purchased 3 rings from GEMaffair and my order was delivered very quickly and the products were packed very secure and in perfect condition. They contacted me several times to let me know the status of my order. I would highly recommend this company if you are interested in unique silver rings and other jewelry. <end>
 B000KX9MHO  Amazon.com  .925 Sterling Silver Clarinet Earrings  Clothing ||	  satisfied customer  The product was in excellent condition and arrived in a timely manner. I would order from this seller again in the future. <end>
 B000KXZMAK  Sterling Silver Marquise Peridot Gemstone Band Ring Size 10 ||	  Beautiful!  This ring was absolutely perfect!!! And the gift box it came in was so pretty I put it in my curio. I would definitely buy from this store again. It's become my new favorite! <end>  Beauty!  This ring is beautiful! I have been searching for a pretty peridot ring for years now and finally found this one. I love it I wish I had one in every color now. <end>  Beautiful!  Peridot Gemstone Band .925 Sterling Silver RingThis ring is beautiful work of art, I love the way it was made, many comments on the styleand color of the gemstone. <end>  Not what I expected  In my opinion, the stone was not of a high quality and did not reflect light. <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring is quite lovely in person. The stone is a nice size, but it was a surprise to see that it is flat, it is not a raised stone. I like the ring anyway. I would recommend this seller as well. The box that the ring came in was really nice and it was packaged very well too. <end>
 B000KYSBXY  18k White Gold or Yellow Gold Channel-Set Diamond Band (H/SI2, 1/2 ct. tw.) ||	  Wife Loved It!  I wasn't that impressed. From the photos I had expected the stones to have a larger appearance in the ring setting.The price was right though -- about $700. I had expected to pay more, and probably should have done so by buying something else.But...........It wasn't bought for my enjoyment, and it seems to have fit the need! <end>
 B000KYTYUI  18k White Gold or Yellow Gold Channel-Set Diamond Band (H/SI2, 1/3 ct. tw.) ||	  Love my ring!  My husband bought me this ring (in white gold)as an anniversary present and I love it. It looks good by itself or with an engagement ring. Would love to eventually get one in yellow gold to wear on the occasions I wear yellow gold jewelry. <end>
 B000L2C7UI  10 KT Solid Yellow Gold 1mm Chain Necklace ||	  Very nice chain.  I was looking for an affordable solid gold chain, and this was it. It's very pretty -- and excellent quality at a good price. <end>
 B000L2LHNG  Fuze Illuminated Necklace, Natural ||	  What a mistake  I ordered two of these, one was for a gift for a friend. Each necklace is suppose to come in a nice gift box and both necklaces should have batteries installed in them and a set of spare ones. I received only one necklace in a nice box and it did NOT even have batteries IN the necklace, I attempted to install the spares that were provided and those were dead. The other necklace which should have been in a nice box, because thats what I paid for, was carelessly thrown in a plastic bag. And to top it all off it took a week to get here and Im a Prime Member. This company business model is poor, now Im faced with going to the battery store to get batteries for the first one cause there is no time to return these as I see my friend this weekend. Also both necklaces were completely different. This company should not be on Amazon. Period. Dont buy from them. <end>  Nice concept... Bad Presentation  I purchased this for a friend to use with her costume. The Necklace did not arrive in a silver box as the pictures show, but in a plastic bag. The other big negative I have with this product is that the necklace is not coated with any sort of material. After 30 minutes wearing the item my friends neck started feeling sore due to the strands of wire randomly pinching her neck. I would of requested to return this product but she felt better using it as a decoration in her kids room <end>
 B000L3RWXE  Purple Genuine Russian Charoite and Rainbow Moonstone Sterling Silver Slide Pendant ||	  Dainty  This item is very beautiful and dainty, but a lot smaller than I thought. The stones could also be better, but the design is so catching that it makes up for it. I should also add that Charoite is a very hard stone to find at a good price, so if you are looking at affordable, this is it. Trust me, I spent several hours searching. Overall I really like this pendant. <end>  beautiful  I love this pendant. My only complaint was that the stone needs to be polished but, other than that, it's perfect. The design really stands out and I get compliments on it often.  ) <end>  Bought as gift, beautiful...  I bought this for my mother and she loves it. Says she gets tons of compliments. Comes just as pendant, but you can put it on a silver chain, a cord, or anything else really. <end>  Love it!  I am very happy with the weight and quality of this product. I wear this necklace often and love it! <end>
 B000L3ZV64  Charlotte Embellished Velvet Jewelry Box - Small (3"H x 4"L) ||	  like it  There is a tag on the bottom of this item that says it might cause cancer to wahs your hands after touching! <end>
 B000L4GUZO  Gorgeous Cubic Zirconia Stud Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  lots of sparkle  Its hard to tell that they are not real. They seem to be very well made and they sure do sparkle! <end>
 B000L4VCOS  14k White 3 mm Childrens Ball Post Stud Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  comfortable, comfortable!!!!!!!!!!!!  Love the children's earrings. Use them in the topholes of my ear. only take them out for cleaning. Theydon't stick into your head, while sleeping. Gracie <end>
 B000L4VDQK  14k Yellow 3 mm Childrens Ball Screw-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  One fell off immediately...  My daughter loses earrings at an alarming rate. So I bought 2 pairs of these. Within 2 days she had lost one. I replaced it and now it has been about 4 months and no further loses.The earrings are nice, small, simple studs with the screwback. <end>
 B000L4ZJWO  14k Yellow 4 mm Round Dark-Red Created Coral Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  coral earrings  Beautiful coral earrings shipped quickly. Exactly what I was looking for.Excellent quality. <end>
 B000L513ZK  Solid 14k Yellow 7mm Ball Screw-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Cannot be worn because they don't screw in far and hang  I wanted gold studs with a screw back so that I could wear them all the time without worry. They do have screw backs, but the screw apparatus does not have a back opening for the post to pass through, so the earrings cannot be made to snugly fit. Instead, they are balls on posts that stick out in front. I wanted the screw back, so I paid three times as much as similar earrings with a push back, but these do not look right. By the way, the backs in the photo are not what I received.I would love to contact the seller for different backs, however I don't see how I can do this, as this is not one of the "available actions". <end>  shoddy  these took a long time to arrive and when they did one of the screwbacks wouldnt go on all the way and the company has been unresponsive regarding this. can't use just one earring so ended up being a waste of money. I wouldnt recommend! <end>  The gold balls are hollow & the screw-on backs are tiny  These gold round balls are hollow & the screw-on backs so tiny that it's difficult to screw them on to the earring posts. As I prefer a "brushed" finish, my husband used very fine steel wool to achieve this look. One earring's hollow ball indented in the process but it wasn't visible when wearing it. As these earrings are so difficult to put on, I was reluctant to remove them. After a relatively short time one of the tiny screw-on backs came off at home and I never found it. The earrings are so light-weight that it would take at least 20 pairs to achieve the minimum pennyweight to sell them as scrap gold. <end>  Very Pretty  Got exactly what I expected! Perfect to wear in uniform. Item is sturdier than the previous pair I used to wear (which dented somehow while in my ear?) These look great. <end>
 B000L5177O  14k Yellow Ball Lever-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  14k yellow ball lever-back earrings  The ball is much smaller than expected. Apart from that, we are happy with the product. <end>
 B000L7ZQTC  St. Joseph Sterling Silver Medal Pendant 18" Steel Necklace Chain ||	  St. Joseph medal  The medallion is ok, not great. I am afraid the chain will tarnish on my son's neck. Not really worth the $19.95. <end>
 B000L83WHY  St. Christopher Sterling Silver Us Air Force Protect.20" Steel Necklace Chain ||	  Nice... but small  I didn't realize that the pendant would be so small. By boyfriend loved it, because he is in the airforce and his name is Chris. St. Christopher has always meant a lot to him and his family. Besides the pendant being small, it is very nice. My only other complaint is that the chain is very small, and it actually broke after about a week. I didn't mind that much because we had a chain laying around so he just put it on that chain, but it still shouldn't have broken after only a week.  ( <end>
 B000L8PPRO  10K White Gold 0.15 ct. Diamond Palm Tree Pendant with Chain ||	  Great Service...Thank You!!  Thank you for such a great product. The order and delivery very very prompt. and <end>
 B000L9G8A6  Crystal Pineapple Pendant in 14K Yellow Gold - Medium ||	  JUST ANOTHER CHAIN LETTER  I'VE ALREADY WRITTEN IT,AND WAS READY TO REVIEW IT WHEN MY DAMN PC WIPED EVERTHING CLEAN.THE BOTTOM LINE IS,I LOVE THE CHARM,BUT NO CHAIN,NO CHARM MAYBE I'LL BUY LATER. MAHALO!,Eric S/New Orleans <end>  Purchased aboard Golden Princess...  I purchased this pineapple pendant from the boutique aboard the Golden Princess on a recent trip to Hawaii. There is no chain with this pendant, but the pendant itself is beautiful. The crystal sparkles and shines with many colors. I also bought the small pendant. The pineapple is the symbol of hospitality, and this would make a great gift for a mother or wife or sister who loves to entertain. <end>
 B000L9YVDC  Chesley Adler Sterling Silver Leaf Necklace ||	  Beautiful, just beautiful  I would have really liked this necklace to have a more delicate chain. It is beautiful and exactly what I expected. <end>
 B000LAJMIA  EXP Handmade Tibetan Black Leather Jewelry Box With Children Playing ||	  Beautiful  This is definitely not machine made. Time was clearly taken with the details of this box. This served as a wonderful gift. <end>
 B000LAKVJO  Made with Swarovski Elements Smokey Topaz Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings ||	  Love these Earrings!  These earrings are fun and playful, sparkly and spunky, and you can't beat the price! The seller shipped very quickly and I am extremely pleased with them. <end>
 B000LAQB1G  Made with Swarovski Elements Tanzanite Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings ||	  Very pretty, nice quality  The earrings arrived well packaged and as pretty as the pictures. They seem to be constructed well and I am very happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000LB6YHQ  Graceful Standing Horse in Heart Sterling Silver Hook Pony Earrings ||	  Pretty Earrings Nicely Made  I really like these earrings. For such a small item there's a lot of detail on the mane and tail. The width of the earrings is 7/8 inch. The height is 3/4 inch. If they were a full circle they'd be about as big as a quarter. They look delicate, but they're sturdy. The ones I received look just like the online picture. If you're a horse lover you will really like these. <end>  Nicely detailed and sturdy  I was pleased with the quality of these earrings. The horse figures were clearly detailed and the earrings themselves appear well-made. <end>  Better looking in person.  Bought for a friend's birthday. She was absolutely delighted with them and calls to tell me when she's wearing them. Really cute earrings. <end>
 B000LB6YO4  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot and Genuine Marquise Amethyst Brooch or Bar Pin ||	  Too Small  This brooch is far too small and expensive for its size. I was shocked when I pulled it out of its pouch. May I iterate, it is far too small. Without a moment's hesitation this brooch was immediately returned. <end>
 B000LBAUT4  Small Brown Enameled Striding Running Horse Sterling Silver Dangling Hook Earrings ||	  Perfect for horse-crazy girls!  We bought these for our 5 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas. She's going to love them! Very cute, dainty, detailed. We also bought a horse treasure box and these will be in the box when she opens it. <end>
 B000LCZ4EO  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Arizona Cardinals ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LCZ52A  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Houston Texans ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD15XW  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Buffalo Bills ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD3TEK  MLB Snowman Football Earring (Set of 2) MLB Team  st. Louis Cardinals ||	  Red Sox Earrings  Very nice if you're a Red Sox fan. Only draw back is they're a little heavy. <end>
 B000LD3U1M  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Detroit Lions ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LDAGFU  14k White Gold Journey Curve Pendant (1/2 cttw, H Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  Beautiful necklace  This is a great purchase, the individual diamonds really show and sparkle. I have seen some negative reviews for the smaller version of this necklace, do not be deterred, THIS is a great piece at a great price.If you give this as a gift, it will be well received. <end>  Cautioned Buyer  Well being the first time to buy a neckless over the internet without seeing what you are buying other than a picture and a discribtion.I was not dissapointed the neckless was better than it was discribed.the diamonds were very clear and was looked at by a local jewely store because of the latch and they them self said it was a very nice piece and the clarity was excellent. So was a good buying experince <end>  Journey curve pendant  The diamonds have very good clarity, they are matched well and clear. The cut is good, and the mounting is secure. The only thing that I would change is the length of the chain. I replaced the 18 inch one with a 20 inch chain and it is much better. <end>  Nice piece at an affordable price  This necklace is indeed small as the 7 diamonds equal only carat (as advertised) but the diamonds are of pretty good quality. I had a local jeweler look at the necklace and it appeared to be closely in line with the Amazon rating for the color and clarity. The box chain necklace is small and unfortunately, the pendant has a tendency to flip over, rather than facing forward. If you're looking for an affordable journey necklace, the $300 that this was purchased for is a good price. The recipient of this purchase was very pleased with the gift. <end>  First jewelry purchase  This was my first purchase of jewelry through Amazon. I have purchase many other products from Amazon, so I was pretty confident.I was not disappointed.The pendant looks very nice. I am happy to be giving this as a Christmas gift this year. As one of the previous reviewers said, it would be good to upgrade the packaging. I received the pendant in a typical jewelry box. It appears that the packaging changes from time to time. <end>  Delightful  Very pleased with the design and appearance. Lovely pendant on very tightly made white gold box chain. Oppotunity for improvement  packaging. Would have preferred simple jewelry box to plastic bag inside cardboard sleeve-type box. My wife loves it. <end>  Not a stone quarry but eye-catching.  It's easy to read the title quickly and ignore the longer description. 1/2 carats is the approximate total weight of the 7 diamonds, not the weight per diamond. At first, this "journey" pendant appeared diminutive to my eyes. It's not the pendulous chain of rocks Richard Burton would have purchased for Elizabeth Taylor, but it's luminescent, alluring, and guaranteed to sparkle in the eyes of the receiver. It's also an undeniable value at this price--high-quality diamonds carefully mounted, arranged, and strung. As for the number "7" and the slightly shortened length of the chain (accounting for the slight curve in the pendant), those details are not accidental, incidental, random or flawed. They're integral with the numerology and symbolism of the journey design. (The owner may wish to research the meanings for herself, though the imagination can do just as well.) <end>  Too small to identify on a beautiful woman  (  I bought this for my dear lovely sister...however it was too small!!! in fact you can get similar design in stores at a dirt cheap rate..i had to return this.Full marks for amazon for their return policy!!! <end>  must buy  this is my first review and I dont like writing reviews but I have to you all the spark I saw in my girl's eyes when she saw it. It is gorgeous and she loved it.glamorous and shiny, elegant piece. Perfect value for the price. <end>  LITTLE BIT LITTLE  A little smaller than I expectred for the price. Chain is very thin. Comes in nice box. Clarity could hve been better for price. Worth the sale price but not the full price. <end>  VERY UPSET - POOR QUALITY ASSURANCE  I received this necklace yesterday and gave it to my wife early as we are about to go on a cruise and I felt she could wear it while we were gone. I was totally embarrassed when she opened the box. The chain was in a knot that looked like someone spent the whole day tying it up. There was only 1" of chain there, the rest of it was in a huge knot. I had to take it to a jeweler and it took him almost an hour and cost me an additional $25.00 and he spoke very poorly of the quality of the necklace. I will never buy from this company again. If they can't check the items prior to shipping, I had rather pay a few dollars more to get better service. <end>  Crown Jewelers Sell this same necklace and pendant  whom ever is selling this item its in other Jewelery stores like Crown Jewelers. I have a lot of Jewelers at good price and sometime your have too search stores too find the best price for what your looking for. <end>  Chain Broke  The chain broke on the first night I gave it to my wife. I sent it back and they gave me a full refund, but my wife is still giving me grief over the whole incident. <end>  Beautiful Piece with a Beautiful Price  I was fortunate enough to access my email in time to take advantage of one of Amazon's Deals of the Day (or hour). I was able to purchase this for $189.99, and using a promo code I also had free shipping. I made the purchase on a Sunday and on Tuesday it was delivered by the UPS. WONDERFUL! The wooden box it comes in, makes a nice presentation, too. <end>  Great stones, great design, great gift.  Gave this necklace to my fiance for her birthday; she was thrilled and so was I. The chain is a little thin, but still very nice, and the stones are beautiful. My purchase came in a small velvet box, which provided a nice presentation. <end>  small, nice and pretty  very nice product, received well and wears on a daily basis. it is a little small but it's reasonably priced. it looks pretty and have received compliments on it. the clasp is hard to undo and reconnect by ones self. very good purchase and i recommend it if you're in the market for one. <end>  14k White Gold Journey Curve Pendant (1/2 cttw, H Color, I1 Clarity)  This is a beautiful pendant and the chain is delicate and beautiful. The pendant comes in a very nice wood box that is padded inside. It also comes with instructions on cleaning. My wife of 29 years loves it. I purchased it just before valentines day (2008). We normally do not exchange gifts for valentines day but the pendant was down from $999 to $499 to $279. My wife deserves much more than that for putting up with me for so long.I would highly recommend this pendant and chain to anyone. <end>  Perfect gift for my wife  I was looking for something different to give to my wife for Christmas (2007) and this looked good online. I was a little hesitant, but when I received it and she opened it on Christmas morning, we were both very pleasantly surprised! I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a bargain, but also something that returns much more for the price than expected. <end>  Great Purchase  My fiance loved this pendant as her Christmas gift. It is absolutely stunning. Most importantly, she never seems to want to take it off. <end>  beautiful  Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend. She loved it. Price vs. carat, color, clarity was best deal out there. Recommended. <end>  Quality Issue  The pendant looks much nicer than ones our friends purchased at local stores. There is a quality issue regarding how the pendant is attached to the chain. The pendant fell off the chain after my wife having worn it only 3 times. Fortunately we did not lose the pendant but now need to find a jeweler to repair what should not need repairing. <end>  Journey Pendant  My wife loved the neckless. It was very beautiful and A+ quality. First time I purchased jewelry from Amazon and was quite pleased with the item. It was as described and I will buy again. Thanks. <end>  nice buy  My wife was wearing this for almost a year and the chain broke. Chain was a little weak. Other than that the pendant looked great. <end>  Great for the price I got  I got this on a Friday deal at Amazon for 200$. It was a great deal only at that price, because they were color H and I1 clarity. I have not had it upraised, but from my experience at the jewelers where I have seen I1-I3 ranges, the description at Amazon is pretty accurate. At a greater price I would recommend researching your local stores first. Sometimes they have great deals (ofcourse one can do better at the color and clarity but I have yet to find a better deal under 200$)Too bad it is very delicate/thin. Hardly shows you are wearing it... unless you are wearing a shoulder-off shirt or a shirt collar that will deliberately take the observers eyes to it. <end>  Luv it!  I wear my pendant each and EVERY day! I love it. I did purchase a longer box chain for it though. <end>  Journey Necklace  This necklace is a beautiful piece with nice stones. Not real big and gawdy, just the right size. I would recommend it highly. My wife loves it and wears it all the time. <end>  gold pendant  The pendant was a gift my wife enjoyed, it was as advertised andshipped on time. <end>  Excellent Value for the Price...Wife LOVED It  I was a little apprehensive about buying jewelry (esp. diamonds) online, but I must say I was very impressed with this journey pendant. The diamonds were very sparkly, it was the perfect size for my wife, and most importantly, she loved it. What else is there to say?On a side note, I purchased a pair of stud diamond earrings from [..], and though the value was also very good, I was disappointed in their clarity. They were not near as beautiful as the ones in this piece. <end>  Recommended  A bit smaller than I have expected..but considering the price, it's a pretty good buy! Sparks nicely in sunshine! Girlfriend loved it! So, go ahead! <end>  1/2 carat Journey necklace  I was very pleased with the purchase and it arrived just in time for my wife's birthday and Valentine's Day. I used the Super Saver Shipping option and was not disappointed. My wife had a appraisal done for insurance purposes and the color and clarity was spot on. I was able to insure for more than I paid for the necklace because it appraised higher. Will definitely shop for jewelry here again. <end>  Journey Pendant  Returned it... clasp did not work properly. But more importantly - the pendant was very small. Beautiful but small. <end>  Nice product  I was hoping it would be a little larger, but the pendant was a well-received gift. <end>
 B000LF4GMC  Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer Roll Pouch - Various Colors ||	  Just what I needed  Not huge so it doesn't hold a lot of jewelry, but it holds enough to make me happy, plus it's small enough that I can carry it in my (pretty large) purse. <end>  traveler  I purchased this item for my trip in August. I was very pleased with the way it protected my fine jewelry. The size was perfect because it did not take up much room in my purse; I put my jewelry there when I travel. I would recommend this pouch to everyone who wants to protect their fine jewelry or any jewelry when they travel. Also, I was very pleased with the timely manner in which I received this product. I have purchased several items from Amazon and am extremely happy with the service I have received each time. <end>  Tiny  I bought this for a gift, but its so small I'm kind of embarrased to give it. When its closed, its only the size of my hand. Looks ok otherwise. <end>  Decent  This works rather well for my needs, though there are a few ways in which it seems cheaply made. The tassels seem to come apart (and the stuffing comes out of them) very easily, and happened not only on mine but on the one I gave as a gift. If you intend to give one as a gift, make sure that you sew some reinforcing stitches on the end of the tassels to keep them closed. I also had to move the "button" to which the ring-holder loops, so that the ring holder would be pulled snug and not loose as a wet noodle.Otherwise, the fact that this is silky and has multiple compartments makes it suitable for holding jewelry. <end>  Perfect!  This jewelry case worked exactly as planned. We ordered this for a recent trip and it was perfect - size, shape, and construction was exactly what we needed. <end>  Nice quality, very pretty and functional.  This was a bit smaller than I expected, but the colors are beautiful, the quality is great, and it has lots of compartments for different jewelry items. I might have to get another one for longer trips! <end>  pretty but small  this is a very pretty pouch, and looks pretty well made. however, i had to take off a star because mine is a little smaller than the 6x9 listed (which i should have measured out before buying - it's definitely smaller than i was picturing in my head). also, the pockets could use more separation. my earrings will be grating against each other inside the pocket. <end>  simple and beautiful  I travel a lot and wanted something to bring my jewelry with that was both functional and beautiful. I love it so much I intend to purchase one for all the women in my family for christmas! <end>  Very pretty and pretty functional  This is a very pretty jewelry roll. It's not large and will only hold enough jewelry for a weekender (if you are like me and wear big jewelry and lots of it). If you are a normal accessorizer, you can certainly keep your important and nice jewelry safe and tidy in this roll. And the embroidery is lovely - it looks just like the picture. <end>  jewelry organizer  Very nice! Pretty red color, very nice for the price! Big hit with my mom  ) Love the way it folds into a pretty pouch. <end>  Jewelry case  I would not recommend this jewelry case. I was quite disappointed that one of the compartments was very shallow.Very few pieces of jewelry could fit in the case....It did have a nice design, therefore I would give this product 2 stars. <end>  Good Enough  Smaller than I thought and not the color I thought I was getting (yellowish- not white like in the photo), but it will work. I'll probably eventually need 2 of these. I'm also disapointed there is not an area for those delicate necklace chains to be stored in with out getting into impossible tangles. <end>  Hits a home run!  I have 10 nieces from whom I buy Christmas gifts every year and it's really a challenge to find them something unique that I hope they will like and use for years to come. These jewelry rolls are outstanding. The price is incredidbly cheap for heavy embroidered satin and the jewelry roll has several zippered pockets, plus a large pouch for larger items and a place for rings. The colors are brilliant and vivid and appeal to a woman of any age from 14 to 60. I personally purchased 8 of these for my nieces (the other nieces being just a bit too young for this) and also purchased one for myself. You really can't go wrong with this item. I would highly recommend. Just loved it. <end>  high quality, but picture off-color  The quality of this jewelry bag is superb. I didn't realize however that I picked "Champagne Gold" color because the picture is more of an ivory color. However, still happy with the product over all. Very pretty! <end>  Very Nice  Very pretty, exactly like picture shows. A little stiff when rolling it up. Overall was a great purchase and nice quality. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  Very handy  Product is exactly as shown in picture. It is very colorful. It is small and flattens for ease with packing in a suitcase, yet has ample space to store your jewelry. Beautifully made. Quality product. <end>  Beautiful colors and stitching  This is a beautiful, high quality item. I bought this gift for a friend of mine and I am thinking about getting one for myself. The colors are vibrant (the pink flowers and the birds really stand out against the blue fabric) and the stitching looks well done. For a travel item it is perfect because there are enough compartments to separate out easy-to-tangle necklaces, rings, etc. The pouch when rolled up is a good size as well. In comparison with other jewelry travel organizers this one is prettier and just as functional. Highly recommended. <end>  Ornate, functional and a good value  My wife was looking for a tote of some sort for her jewelry when she goes on cruises. The travel pouch is every bit as ornate and rich looking as the picture. I bought it for her as a xmas gift and she was very surprised and happy at the beauty and overall designed functionality of the pouch not knowing the value. <end>  Pink for a friend  I bought this as a gift for a friend who loves to wear pink. It's perfect for her and the other colors would also be great gifts! Plus, they ship quickly! <end>  Better than expected!!!  One can find jewelry rolls that look like this in any Chinatown, but not with this boost in quality. I used them to gift wrap jewelry I was giving as Holiday gifts, but will order more to use as gifts alone. Well organized pockets, classy look, and as I said, better quality than what one ususally finds. Quick shipping, great communication from the seller, just a trouble free transaction. Check out this store. I don't think you can be disappointed. Thank You! <end>  Lovely jewelry pouch for travel  This is a beautiful travel pouch with a fabulous price. The embroidery really makes it special! <end>  Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for!  I'd been searching for a travel jewelry roll for several years. I'd given my mother one in the 90s but couldn't find one for myself. This one is beautifully made, with very high quality fabric and excellent workmanship. I love the multiple smaller pockets because I can separate items so they don't scratch each other. The whole piece is lovely with real heirloom quality. <end>  Jewelry Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors enhances the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, garnet burgandy, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  nice gift  This made a lovely, not-too-expensive holiday gift for a friend. The pouch is beautiful, and I received excellent service from the seller. <end>  Excellent!  Beautiful product. Purchased 5 in different colors - all the colors were great and exactly what I was expecting. Jewelery rolls were the size I was hoping they would be and work great. I am using them as a bridesmaid gift and they are perfect! <end>  beautiful & lightweight  This jewelry roll is beautiful! It looks almost like real silk, and the embroidery is so unique & intricate. The jewelry roll is well-made & durable, too. I love this, and I recommend it highly! <end>  zippers poor quality  (Gold Color)Nice fabric, but offers very little padding/protection for fragile pieces and both zippers broke on the 2nd use. <end>  Great buy!  I was specifically looking for a compact jewelry case and this one fit the bill. It fits neatly in my suitcase, and is beautiful besides. The design is well thought-out and it holds everything I need for travel. This would be an ideal gift too. <end>  Beautiful  Thanks so much for this beautiful product. My daughter was so thrilled to get it and will use it every time she returns home from school. <end>  My wife loves it!  I got this for my wife for Christmas, and she loves it. Not only is it pretty, but it's functional and very nicely put together. Great deal! <end>  silky brocade jewelry travel organizer roll pouch  I really like this product, I could fit a lot of jewelry inside, the only problem I had was with the button for the ring tube coming loose on my trip and having to re-sew that when I got back home. Otherwise, it packed great and kept the jewelry from tangling. <end>  Jewelry Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors in silk brocade enhance the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, crimson, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Excellent gift idea!  These jewelry travel rolls are better than others on the market. I can't wait to give these as gifts! The compartments are all capacious and unless you have loads of jewelry will fit most needs. Great product! <end>  cute, small  These are great for someone who travels with only a few pieces. I bought several as &#34;wrapping  for jewelry I had made. <end>  Love it!  Love it. The ring holder is a great idea and buttons, and it's not hidden so you can see them when you open the roll. The zippered pockets inside are a little smaller than I anticipated(some of my pieces of jewelry are large, but would hold standard necklaces and earrings well), but the quality is excellent and the overall size is perfect. Not too big and will fit in my small travel vanity bag along with my other items. Can't wait to use it for our upcoming cruise. The quality is truly very good! I purchased it in the garnet red color and it's beautiful. I plan on getting a few in other colors for gifts. <end>  It will work  the item was not as luxurious as I expected. The ring roll is almost flat. The strings must go around too many times. <end>  Great for small jewelry  This is nice for earrings and flexible chain necklaces. Can't put solid bracelets in it very well. Protects pieces and is pretty. Tons of colors to choose from. <end>  Crapola  I could not believe how many people rated this item favorably. I was shocked when I opened it. It is such poor quality that I can't even believe they are charging fifteen bucks for it. It's worth about three, and I bet you could find it in any Chinatown for that. Probably even better for three bucks!It is extremely small too. The zippers are poor quality, and the stitching that holds the ring guard and button on look like they are about to fall off...very poorly made. Even the embroidery is horrendous.My mom gave me one of these years ago that puts this one to shame. I saw one in The Met catalog, I think I'll head over to their site and see if it's on sale.At any rate, I am gonna keep looking, and return this junk. A pillowcase would be better than this! <end>  Beautiful little item, also makes a great gift!  This small little jewelry roll holds a lot of jewelry. 3 zippered pockets keep things from tageling and the ring roll is great. Also has a pocket that goes the length of the roll. This is silky in texture (but not silk). It's really pretty and will be perfect for travelling. I've also giftlisted this to get some for all my friends for the holidays. Love it! <end>  Beautiful Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors enhances the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, crimson, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Unique look, nice quality for price  Very well made, functional and fashionable. Purchased for our daughter, she loves it, and we plan on making additional purchases as gifts throughout the year. <end>  Just what I was looking for!  I was looking for a jewelry pouch to keep my jewelry safe and untangled when I travel. I love that this pouch has three small zipper compartments, instead of on big one, so that things don't get tangled. There is a cushion that unhooks so that you can put your rings on it and they are kept in place. There is also a pocket the size of the entire pouch behind the zipped compartments for larger items like bangles, then you just fold the pouch over and it's closed. It is a great size and very beautiful. I'm thinking about getting a few more for Christmas gifts, every woman should have one of these! <end>  It's okay...  The jewelry roll is very pretty. My problem is that this was the best out of what was offered. My ideal would have clear pockets so you don't have to look through each pocket to see what's in it. I do think that the Ring holder is a unique feature. However, I feel it is just an over-priced item that could probably be bought at any flea market or chinatown. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  Perfect for a short trip  Beautiful color (picture doesn't do it justice), not a lot of room, but perfect for a few days <end>  Beautiful, nicely made and perfect for travel.  I hate to shop in stores and was very pleased to find this item...it is exactly what I wanted...and more. It is beautiful and very well made and the multiple zippered pockets are great for chains and bracelets...no tangles for a change. I also love the ring holder. It came much faster than I'd expected so I'm also pleased with the service. I think this would make a wonderful gift..I'd love to get one! <end>  Jewelry pouch  I really liked this--it worked for my recent trip. I just wish it had something to keep the earrings separated--but other than that--it's fine! Very fast delivery too--thank you. <end>  Nicest Jewelry Travel Organizer!  I have searched for the perfect jewelry travel organizer and found it with this item! It is luxurious, practical, very pretty and comes in a variety of colors. Once mine arrived I ordered two more for my sisters! You have to have this if you travel! <end>
 B000LF674M  Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer Roll Pouch - Various Colors ||	  Just what I needed  Not huge so it doesn't hold a lot of jewelry, but it holds enough to make me happy, plus it's small enough that I can carry it in my (pretty large) purse. <end>  traveler  I purchased this item for my trip in August. I was very pleased with the way it protected my fine jewelry. The size was perfect because it did not take up much room in my purse; I put my jewelry there when I travel. I would recommend this pouch to everyone who wants to protect their fine jewelry or any jewelry when they travel. Also, I was very pleased with the timely manner in which I received this product. I have purchased several items from Amazon and am extremely happy with the service I have received each time. <end>  Tiny  I bought this for a gift, but its so small I'm kind of embarrased to give it. When its closed, its only the size of my hand. Looks ok otherwise. <end>  Decent  This works rather well for my needs, though there are a few ways in which it seems cheaply made. The tassels seem to come apart (and the stuffing comes out of them) very easily, and happened not only on mine but on the one I gave as a gift. If you intend to give one as a gift, make sure that you sew some reinforcing stitches on the end of the tassels to keep them closed. I also had to move the "button" to which the ring-holder loops, so that the ring holder would be pulled snug and not loose as a wet noodle.Otherwise, the fact that this is silky and has multiple compartments makes it suitable for holding jewelry. <end>  Perfect!  This jewelry case worked exactly as planned. We ordered this for a recent trip and it was perfect - size, shape, and construction was exactly what we needed. <end>  Nice quality, very pretty and functional.  This was a bit smaller than I expected, but the colors are beautiful, the quality is great, and it has lots of compartments for different jewelry items. I might have to get another one for longer trips! <end>  pretty but small  this is a very pretty pouch, and looks pretty well made. however, i had to take off a star because mine is a little smaller than the 6x9 listed (which i should have measured out before buying - it's definitely smaller than i was picturing in my head). also, the pockets could use more separation. my earrings will be grating against each other inside the pocket. <end>  simple and beautiful  I travel a lot and wanted something to bring my jewelry with that was both functional and beautiful. I love it so much I intend to purchase one for all the women in my family for christmas! <end>  Very pretty and pretty functional  This is a very pretty jewelry roll. It's not large and will only hold enough jewelry for a weekender (if you are like me and wear big jewelry and lots of it). If you are a normal accessorizer, you can certainly keep your important and nice jewelry safe and tidy in this roll. And the embroidery is lovely - it looks just like the picture. <end>  jewelry organizer  Very nice! Pretty red color, very nice for the price! Big hit with my mom  ) Love the way it folds into a pretty pouch. <end>  Jewelry case  I would not recommend this jewelry case. I was quite disappointed that one of the compartments was very shallow.Very few pieces of jewelry could fit in the case....It did have a nice design, therefore I would give this product 2 stars. <end>  Good Enough  Smaller than I thought and not the color I thought I was getting (yellowish- not white like in the photo), but it will work. I'll probably eventually need 2 of these. I'm also disapointed there is not an area for those delicate necklace chains to be stored in with out getting into impossible tangles. <end>  Hits a home run!  I have 10 nieces from whom I buy Christmas gifts every year and it's really a challenge to find them something unique that I hope they will like and use for years to come. These jewelry rolls are outstanding. The price is incredidbly cheap for heavy embroidered satin and the jewelry roll has several zippered pockets, plus a large pouch for larger items and a place for rings. The colors are brilliant and vivid and appeal to a woman of any age from 14 to 60. I personally purchased 8 of these for my nieces (the other nieces being just a bit too young for this) and also purchased one for myself. You really can't go wrong with this item. I would highly recommend. Just loved it. <end>  high quality, but picture off-color  The quality of this jewelry bag is superb. I didn't realize however that I picked "Champagne Gold" color because the picture is more of an ivory color. However, still happy with the product over all. Very pretty! <end>  Very Nice  Very pretty, exactly like picture shows. A little stiff when rolling it up. Overall was a great purchase and nice quality. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  Very handy  Product is exactly as shown in picture. It is very colorful. It is small and flattens for ease with packing in a suitcase, yet has ample space to store your jewelry. Beautifully made. Quality product. <end>  Beautiful colors and stitching  This is a beautiful, high quality item. I bought this gift for a friend of mine and I am thinking about getting one for myself. The colors are vibrant (the pink flowers and the birds really stand out against the blue fabric) and the stitching looks well done. For a travel item it is perfect because there are enough compartments to separate out easy-to-tangle necklaces, rings, etc. The pouch when rolled up is a good size as well. In comparison with other jewelry travel organizers this one is prettier and just as functional. Highly recommended. <end>  Ornate, functional and a good value  My wife was looking for a tote of some sort for her jewelry when she goes on cruises. The travel pouch is every bit as ornate and rich looking as the picture. I bought it for her as a xmas gift and she was very surprised and happy at the beauty and overall designed functionality of the pouch not knowing the value. <end>  Pink for a friend  I bought this as a gift for a friend who loves to wear pink. It's perfect for her and the other colors would also be great gifts! Plus, they ship quickly! <end>  Better than expected!!!  One can find jewelry rolls that look like this in any Chinatown, but not with this boost in quality. I used them to gift wrap jewelry I was giving as Holiday gifts, but will order more to use as gifts alone. Well organized pockets, classy look, and as I said, better quality than what one ususally finds. Quick shipping, great communication from the seller, just a trouble free transaction. Check out this store. I don't think you can be disappointed. Thank You! <end>  Lovely jewelry pouch for travel  This is a beautiful travel pouch with a fabulous price. The embroidery really makes it special! <end>  Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for!  I'd been searching for a travel jewelry roll for several years. I'd given my mother one in the 90s but couldn't find one for myself. This one is beautifully made, with very high quality fabric and excellent workmanship. I love the multiple smaller pockets because I can separate items so they don't scratch each other. The whole piece is lovely with real heirloom quality. <end>  Jewelry Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors enhances the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, garnet burgandy, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  nice gift  This made a lovely, not-too-expensive holiday gift for a friend. The pouch is beautiful, and I received excellent service from the seller. <end>  Excellent!  Beautiful product. Purchased 5 in different colors - all the colors were great and exactly what I was expecting. Jewelery rolls were the size I was hoping they would be and work great. I am using them as a bridesmaid gift and they are perfect! <end>  beautiful & lightweight  This jewelry roll is beautiful! It looks almost like real silk, and the embroidery is so unique & intricate. The jewelry roll is well-made & durable, too. I love this, and I recommend it highly! <end>  zippers poor quality  (Gold Color)Nice fabric, but offers very little padding/protection for fragile pieces and both zippers broke on the 2nd use. <end>  Great buy!  I was specifically looking for a compact jewelry case and this one fit the bill. It fits neatly in my suitcase, and is beautiful besides. The design is well thought-out and it holds everything I need for travel. This would be an ideal gift too. <end>  Beautiful  Thanks so much for this beautiful product. My daughter was so thrilled to get it and will use it every time she returns home from school. <end>  My wife loves it!  I got this for my wife for Christmas, and she loves it. Not only is it pretty, but it's functional and very nicely put together. Great deal! <end>  silky brocade jewelry travel organizer roll pouch  I really like this product, I could fit a lot of jewelry inside, the only problem I had was with the button for the ring tube coming loose on my trip and having to re-sew that when I got back home. Otherwise, it packed great and kept the jewelry from tangling. <end>  Jewelry Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors in silk brocade enhance the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, crimson, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Excellent gift idea!  These jewelry travel rolls are better than others on the market. I can't wait to give these as gifts! The compartments are all capacious and unless you have loads of jewelry will fit most needs. Great product! <end>  cute, small  These are great for someone who travels with only a few pieces. I bought several as &#34;wrapping  for jewelry I had made. <end>  Love it!  Love it. The ring holder is a great idea and buttons, and it's not hidden so you can see them when you open the roll. The zippered pockets inside are a little smaller than I anticipated(some of my pieces of jewelry are large, but would hold standard necklaces and earrings well), but the quality is excellent and the overall size is perfect. Not too big and will fit in my small travel vanity bag along with my other items. Can't wait to use it for our upcoming cruise. The quality is truly very good! I purchased it in the garnet red color and it's beautiful. I plan on getting a few in other colors for gifts. <end>  It will work  the item was not as luxurious as I expected. The ring roll is almost flat. The strings must go around too many times. <end>  Great for small jewelry  This is nice for earrings and flexible chain necklaces. Can't put solid bracelets in it very well. Protects pieces and is pretty. Tons of colors to choose from. <end>  Crapola  I could not believe how many people rated this item favorably. I was shocked when I opened it. It is such poor quality that I can't even believe they are charging fifteen bucks for it. It's worth about three, and I bet you could find it in any Chinatown for that. Probably even better for three bucks!It is extremely small too. The zippers are poor quality, and the stitching that holds the ring guard and button on look like they are about to fall off...very poorly made. Even the embroidery is horrendous.My mom gave me one of these years ago that puts this one to shame. I saw one in The Met catalog, I think I'll head over to their site and see if it's on sale.At any rate, I am gonna keep looking, and return this junk. A pillowcase would be better than this! <end>  Beautiful little item, also makes a great gift!  This small little jewelry roll holds a lot of jewelry. 3 zippered pockets keep things from tageling and the ring roll is great. Also has a pocket that goes the length of the roll. This is silky in texture (but not silk). It's really pretty and will be perfect for travelling. I've also giftlisted this to get some for all my friends for the holidays. Love it! <end>  Beautiful Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors enhances the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, crimson, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Unique look, nice quality for price  Very well made, functional and fashionable. Purchased for our daughter, she loves it, and we plan on making additional purchases as gifts throughout the year. <end>  Just what I was looking for!  I was looking for a jewelry pouch to keep my jewelry safe and untangled when I travel. I love that this pouch has three small zipper compartments, instead of on big one, so that things don't get tangled. There is a cushion that unhooks so that you can put your rings on it and they are kept in place. There is also a pocket the size of the entire pouch behind the zipped compartments for larger items like bangles, then you just fold the pouch over and it's closed. It is a great size and very beautiful. I'm thinking about getting a few more for Christmas gifts, every woman should have one of these! <end>  It's okay...  The jewelry roll is very pretty. My problem is that this was the best out of what was offered. My ideal would have clear pockets so you don't have to look through each pocket to see what's in it. I do think that the Ring holder is a unique feature. However, I feel it is just an over-priced item that could probably be bought at any flea market or chinatown. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  Perfect for a short trip  Beautiful color (picture doesn't do it justice), not a lot of room, but perfect for a few days <end>  Beautiful, nicely made and perfect for travel.  I hate to shop in stores and was very pleased to find this item...it is exactly what I wanted...and more. It is beautiful and very well made and the multiple zippered pockets are great for chains and bracelets...no tangles for a change. I also love the ring holder. It came much faster than I'd expected so I'm also pleased with the service. I think this would make a wonderful gift..I'd love to get one! <end>  Jewelry pouch  I really liked this--it worked for my recent trip. I just wish it had something to keep the earrings separated--but other than that--it's fine! Very fast delivery too--thank you. <end>  Nicest Jewelry Travel Organizer!  I have searched for the perfect jewelry travel organizer and found it with this item! It is luxurious, practical, very pretty and comes in a variety of colors. Once mine arrived I ordered two more for my sisters! You have to have this if you travel! <end>
 B000LF6756  Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer Roll Pouch - Various Colors ||	  Just what I needed  Not huge so it doesn't hold a lot of jewelry, but it holds enough to make me happy, plus it's small enough that I can carry it in my (pretty large) purse. <end>  traveler  I purchased this item for my trip in August. I was very pleased with the way it protected my fine jewelry. The size was perfect because it did not take up much room in my purse; I put my jewelry there when I travel. I would recommend this pouch to everyone who wants to protect their fine jewelry or any jewelry when they travel. Also, I was very pleased with the timely manner in which I received this product. I have purchased several items from Amazon and am extremely happy with the service I have received each time. <end>  Tiny  I bought this for a gift, but its so small I'm kind of embarrased to give it. When its closed, its only the size of my hand. Looks ok otherwise. <end>  Decent  This works rather well for my needs, though there are a few ways in which it seems cheaply made. The tassels seem to come apart (and the stuffing comes out of them) very easily, and happened not only on mine but on the one I gave as a gift. If you intend to give one as a gift, make sure that you sew some reinforcing stitches on the end of the tassels to keep them closed. I also had to move the "button" to which the ring-holder loops, so that the ring holder would be pulled snug and not loose as a wet noodle.Otherwise, the fact that this is silky and has multiple compartments makes it suitable for holding jewelry. <end>  Perfect!  This jewelry case worked exactly as planned. We ordered this for a recent trip and it was perfect - size, shape, and construction was exactly what we needed. <end>  Nice quality, very pretty and functional.  This was a bit smaller than I expected, but the colors are beautiful, the quality is great, and it has lots of compartments for different jewelry items. I might have to get another one for longer trips! <end>  pretty but small  this is a very pretty pouch, and looks pretty well made. however, i had to take off a star because mine is a little smaller than the 6x9 listed (which i should have measured out before buying - it's definitely smaller than i was picturing in my head). also, the pockets could use more separation. my earrings will be grating against each other inside the pocket. <end>  simple and beautiful  I travel a lot and wanted something to bring my jewelry with that was both functional and beautiful. I love it so much I intend to purchase one for all the women in my family for christmas! <end>  Very pretty and pretty functional  This is a very pretty jewelry roll. It's not large and will only hold enough jewelry for a weekender (if you are like me and wear big jewelry and lots of it). If you are a normal accessorizer, you can certainly keep your important and nice jewelry safe and tidy in this roll. And the embroidery is lovely - it looks just like the picture. <end>  jewelry organizer  Very nice! Pretty red color, very nice for the price! Big hit with my mom  ) Love the way it folds into a pretty pouch. <end>  Better than expected!!!  One can find jewelry rolls that look like this in any Chinatown, but not with this boost in quality. I used them to gift wrap jewelry I was giving as Holiday gifts, but will order more to use as gifts alone. Well organized pockets, classy look, and as I said, better quality than what one ususally finds. Quick shipping, great communication from the seller, just a trouble free transaction. Check out this store. I don't think you can be disappointed. Thank You! <end>  Lovely jewelry pouch for travel  This is a beautiful travel pouch with a fabulous price. The embroidery really makes it special! <end>  Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for!  I'd been searching for a travel jewelry roll for several years. I'd given my mother one in the 90s but couldn't find one for myself. This one is beautifully made, with very high quality fabric and excellent workmanship. I love the multiple smaller pockets because I can separate items so they don't scratch each other. The whole piece is lovely with real heirloom quality. <end>  Jewelry Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors enhances the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, garnet burgandy, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  nice gift  This made a lovely, not-too-expensive holiday gift for a friend. The pouch is beautiful, and I received excellent service from the seller. <end>  Excellent!  Beautiful product. Purchased 5 in different colors - all the colors were great and exactly what I was expecting. Jewelery rolls were the size I was hoping they would be and work great. I am using them as a bridesmaid gift and they are perfect! <end>  beautiful & lightweight  This jewelry roll is beautiful! It looks almost like real silk, and the embroidery is so unique & intricate. The jewelry roll is well-made & durable, too. I love this, and I recommend it highly! <end>  zippers poor quality  (Gold Color)Nice fabric, but offers very little padding/protection for fragile pieces and both zippers broke on the 2nd use. <end>  Great buy!  I was specifically looking for a compact jewelry case and this one fit the bill. It fits neatly in my suitcase, and is beautiful besides. The design is well thought-out and it holds everything I need for travel. This would be an ideal gift too. <end>  Jewelry case  I would not recommend this jewelry case. I was quite disappointed that one of the compartments was very shallow.Very few pieces of jewelry could fit in the case....It did have a nice design, therefore I would give this product 2 stars. <end>  Good Enough  Smaller than I thought and not the color I thought I was getting (yellowish- not white like in the photo), but it will work. I'll probably eventually need 2 of these. I'm also disapointed there is not an area for those delicate necklace chains to be stored in with out getting into impossible tangles. <end>  Hits a home run!  I have 10 nieces from whom I buy Christmas gifts every year and it's really a challenge to find them something unique that I hope they will like and use for years to come. These jewelry rolls are outstanding. The price is incredidbly cheap for heavy embroidered satin and the jewelry roll has several zippered pockets, plus a large pouch for larger items and a place for rings. The colors are brilliant and vivid and appeal to a woman of any age from 14 to 60. I personally purchased 8 of these for my nieces (the other nieces being just a bit too young for this) and also purchased one for myself. You really can't go wrong with this item. I would highly recommend. Just loved it. <end>  high quality, but picture off-color  The quality of this jewelry bag is superb. I didn't realize however that I picked "Champagne Gold" color because the picture is more of an ivory color. However, still happy with the product over all. Very pretty! <end>  Very Nice  Very pretty, exactly like picture shows. A little stiff when rolling it up. Overall was a great purchase and nice quality. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  Very handy  Product is exactly as shown in picture. It is very colorful. It is small and flattens for ease with packing in a suitcase, yet has ample space to store your jewelry. Beautifully made. Quality product. <end>  Beautiful colors and stitching  This is a beautiful, high quality item. I bought this gift for a friend of mine and I am thinking about getting one for myself. The colors are vibrant (the pink flowers and the birds really stand out against the blue fabric) and the stitching looks well done. For a travel item it is perfect because there are enough compartments to separate out easy-to-tangle necklaces, rings, etc. The pouch when rolled up is a good size as well. In comparison with other jewelry travel organizers this one is prettier and just as functional. Highly recommended. <end>  Ornate, functional and a good value  My wife was looking for a tote of some sort for her jewelry when she goes on cruises. The travel pouch is every bit as ornate and rich looking as the picture. I bought it for her as a xmas gift and she was very surprised and happy at the beauty and overall designed functionality of the pouch not knowing the value. <end>  Pink for a friend  I bought this as a gift for a friend who loves to wear pink. It's perfect for her and the other colors would also be great gifts! Plus, they ship quickly! <end>  Beautiful  Thanks so much for this beautiful product. My daughter was so thrilled to get it and will use it every time she returns home from school. <end>  My wife loves it!  I got this for my wife for Christmas, and she loves it. Not only is it pretty, but it's functional and very nicely put together. Great deal! <end>  silky brocade jewelry travel organizer roll pouch  I really like this product, I could fit a lot of jewelry inside, the only problem I had was with the button for the ring tube coming loose on my trip and having to re-sew that when I got back home. Otherwise, it packed great and kept the jewelry from tangling. <end>  Jewelry Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors in silk brocade enhance the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, crimson, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Excellent gift idea!  These jewelry travel rolls are better than others on the market. I can't wait to give these as gifts! The compartments are all capacious and unless you have loads of jewelry will fit most needs. Great product! <end>  cute, small  These are great for someone who travels with only a few pieces. I bought several as &#34;wrapping  for jewelry I had made. <end>  Love it!  Love it. The ring holder is a great idea and buttons, and it's not hidden so you can see them when you open the roll. The zippered pockets inside are a little smaller than I anticipated(some of my pieces of jewelry are large, but would hold standard necklaces and earrings well), but the quality is excellent and the overall size is perfect. Not too big and will fit in my small travel vanity bag along with my other items. Can't wait to use it for our upcoming cruise. The quality is truly very good! I purchased it in the garnet red color and it's beautiful. I plan on getting a few in other colors for gifts. <end>  It will work  the item was not as luxurious as I expected. The ring roll is almost flat. The strings must go around too many times. <end>  Great for small jewelry  This is nice for earrings and flexible chain necklaces. Can't put solid bracelets in it very well. Protects pieces and is pretty. Tons of colors to choose from. <end>  Crapola  I could not believe how many people rated this item favorably. I was shocked when I opened it. It is such poor quality that I can't even believe they are charging fifteen bucks for it. It's worth about three, and I bet you could find it in any Chinatown for that. Probably even better for three bucks!It is extremely small too. The zippers are poor quality, and the stitching that holds the ring guard and button on look like they are about to fall off...very poorly made. Even the embroidery is horrendous.My mom gave me one of these years ago that puts this one to shame. I saw one in The Met catalog, I think I'll head over to their site and see if it's on sale.At any rate, I am gonna keep looking, and return this junk. A pillowcase would be better than this! <end>  Beautiful little item, also makes a great gift!  This small little jewelry roll holds a lot of jewelry. 3 zippered pockets keep things from tageling and the ring roll is great. Also has a pocket that goes the length of the roll. This is silky in texture (but not silk). It's really pretty and will be perfect for travelling. I've also giftlisted this to get some for all my friends for the holidays. Love it! <end>  Beautiful Travel Accessory  Just the perfect way to carry jewelry in your purse. Separate compartments prevent pieces of jewelry from tangling . Vibrant colors enhances the look. I purchased one in each of the these colors of champagne gold, crimson, and blue to give as gifts to my friends. <end>  Unique look, nice quality for price  Very well made, functional and fashionable. Purchased for our daughter, she loves it, and we plan on making additional purchases as gifts throughout the year. <end>  Just what I was looking for!  I was looking for a jewelry pouch to keep my jewelry safe and untangled when I travel. I love that this pouch has three small zipper compartments, instead of on big one, so that things don't get tangled. There is a cushion that unhooks so that you can put your rings on it and they are kept in place. There is also a pocket the size of the entire pouch behind the zipped compartments for larger items like bangles, then you just fold the pouch over and it's closed. It is a great size and very beautiful. I'm thinking about getting a few more for Christmas gifts, every woman should have one of these! <end>  It's okay...  The jewelry roll is very pretty. My problem is that this was the best out of what was offered. My ideal would have clear pockets so you don't have to look through each pocket to see what's in it. I do think that the Ring holder is a unique feature. However, I feel it is just an over-priced item that could probably be bought at any flea market or chinatown. <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  Perfect for a short trip  Beautiful color (picture doesn't do it justice), not a lot of room, but perfect for a few days <end>  Beautiful, nicely made and perfect for travel.  I hate to shop in stores and was very pleased to find this item...it is exactly what I wanted...and more. It is beautiful and very well made and the multiple zippered pockets are great for chains and bracelets...no tangles for a change. I also love the ring holder. It came much faster than I'd expected so I'm also pleased with the service. I think this would make a wonderful gift..I'd love to get one! <end>  Jewelry pouch  I really liked this--it worked for my recent trip. I just wish it had something to keep the earrings separated--but other than that--it's fine! Very fast delivery too--thank you. <end>  Nicest Jewelry Travel Organizer!  I have searched for the perfect jewelry travel organizer and found it with this item! It is luxurious, practical, very pretty and comes in a variety of colors. Once mine arrived I ordered two more for my sisters! You have to have this if you travel! <end>
 B000LFJ686  14k White Gold Small Diamond Cross Pendant (1/10 ct. t.w.) ||	  NOT 3/4 --a 1/2 inch, but beautiful.  I wanted a white gold, no bale, diamond cross, that had straight sides, that measured 3/4 of a inch--very specific. This was perfect I thought, BUT it is a 1/2 inch NOT the 3/4 inch as advertised. Since it has no bale, this should have been corrected in the info. It is beautiful though, delicate, and as long as you knwo what size it is--it is perfect. I was dissapointed, as I had a specific size in mind, but aside from that, it is beautiful.I am giving it a 5 star review, because of itself, it deserves that--BUT --get out a tape measure, and know , it is a half inch only. Beautiful. <end>
 B000LH6RCC  Earrings Hoop Ball Sterling Silver ||	  Gauged Earrings  These are nice, but gauged larger than normal pierced earrings. They are too thick to go through the holes in my ears. I wouldn't have bought them if I had known. <end>  Nice, but not the best.  Looks nice, easy to put in yourself. Looks kinda cheap up close though. Slightly bigger than I wanted and a little on the ostentatious side. <end>  Great again  This were for my husband I told him he would love them and he did. I got them for his birthday. The others were hurting his ears. These were perfect for him Thanks Debi <end>  Awesome!  These are the most comfortable and durable earrings you'll ever wear and they're impossible to lose!!! <end>
 B000LIKADI  Sterling Silver Butterfly Clear AB Crystal adjustable Bracelet Earrings Set 7 to 8 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Perfect gift for a young lady!  I was looking for a Holy Communion gift for my cousin's 8 yr old daughter and I wanted something that was appropriate for now as well as for the future. I love sparkly jewelry and when I saw this bracelet and earrings set, I knew I found the perfect gift! She loved it and now she's asking her mother if she could get her ears pierced (whoops! that was my bad ...I should've double checked on that one before buying)! <end>
 B000LRIHZ2  14K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 3mm comfort-fit ||	  So comfortable!  Me and my husband both have this ring and we love them. They're so shiny and so comfortable you don't even notice them on your finger. <end>  wedding band  Very comfortable. Best value 14K white gold band that I could find after extensively searching department stores & the web. <end>  Awesome ring  I needed a wedding band because I lost my wedding ring. This was great. It fits great and still looks great after 1 1/2 years. Would definitely order again! <end>  a good ring  This is my wedding ring. It's a good ring. A little bit too wide, but it's shiny and pretty. <end>  GREAT!  I love the ring that I got! It is so comfortable and the price was so much better than in stores. <end>
 B000LRKMZK  14K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 3mm comfort-fit ||	  So comfortable!  Me and my husband both have this ring and we love them. They're so shiny and so comfortable you don't even notice them on your finger. <end>  wedding band  Very comfortable. Best value 14K white gold band that I could find after extensively searching department stores & the web. <end>  Awesome ring  I needed a wedding band because I lost my wedding ring. This was great. It fits great and still looks great after 1 1/2 years. Would definitely order again! <end>  a good ring  This is my wedding ring. It's a good ring. A little bit too wide, but it's shiny and pretty. <end>  GREAT!  I love the ring that I got! It is so comfortable and the price was so much better than in stores. <end>
 B000LS5WNQ  14K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 6mm comfort-fit ||	  Excellent  This ring is excellent. It is heavy and looks expensive and good quality. My husband loved it. They also offer free engraving and customer service is great and friendly. I had to exchange the ring for a smaller size, the return proccess was quick and easy. Definately will purchase more rings from IWB. <end>  Pretty, but scratches easily  We really like the shape, size, and style of this ring, and how shiny it was--at first. I've been wearing it for less than a month, and it already has numerous notable scratches all over it. We were not expecting it to be so easily damaged at this level of gold count. <end>
 B000LXYZ5W  14K Yellow Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 6mm comfort-fit ||	  14K YG Wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. It arrived within the stated delivery interval, and is beautiful! And the Amazon price was several hundred dollars less than in local jewelry stores! Excellent! <end>
 B000M0GYW6  Clear AB Swarovski Crystal Heart Pendant 925 Sterling Silver ||	  Don't be fooled by the picture  The description says CLEAR crystal but the actual thing is coated to make it a spectrum, but the look is so cheap, I returned it. <end>
 B000M4PCFM  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Diamond Open Heart Pendant ||	  EH...  wonderful up until the diamond..probably the most impure diamond ive seen in my life.was embarrased to give to loved one <end>  excellent necklace  I like it, my girlfriend likes it, it's a great gift with a reasonable price. <end>
 B000M50MKQ  Sterling Silver Shell Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  cool ring but bottom is open like a toe ring  Bottom of shank is open like a toe ring. Not disclosed in description. Not comfortable so I returned. Otherwise, very pretty and well built. <end>
 B000M8Q5AE  Solid Sterling Silver Floral Band Ring Please specify size  7 ||	  COOL!  I love the ring I bought from Amazon. I wear it all the time. <end>
 B000M8RZGC  Solid Sterling Silver Tattoo Machine Charm ||	  Great gift for a Tattooer  What you see is what you get. It's very detailed and is about a 1" x 1". <end>
 B000M8SRXM  Earlift 60 ct ||	  ear lift, not too bad  Although these didn't exactly make my lobes look significantly better, in terms of droop or having the piercings look like new, they did hold up better than I thought.I used one pair for about 3 days, and the adhesive was still just fine. By about day three though, they were starting to pull a bit loose, so I replaced them with new ones. They don't look like much in the packaging, but the peel off paper makes them easy to handle and control application. Good buy, I will buy them again when I run out. <end>  They don't stick  I bought Ear Lifts and honestly, they are lousy. They don't stick well to the back of the ear and therefore, they don't work for the purpose intended. Lobe Wonders, on the other hand, are fantastic. They stick very firmly to the back of the ear so they really do hold up the earring instead of it falling into the torn earlobe. I will never use Ear Lifts again. Lobe Wonders are superior. <end>  Ouch!  This product is hard to put on if you have multiple piercings in your ear. It hurts a lot when you try to remove it - feels like you are ripping the skin off of your ear. Ears remain sticky. Definitley don't recommend. <end>  Earlift review  I was very pleased with my order especially once I received it. They work as advertised and I've even shared them with a few of my friends and let them know where to purchase. I will definately use this vendor again. <end>  Looking for this for years  Was told about these went online and OMG! Just what I hve been looking for for about 40 years . No matter what I found that I thought would work, this earlit was exactly what you need if the earring hole in your ear is much to bib from surgery and wearing away of years of wearing earrings. Just love the product and will purchase again and again, I can now wear hoops after all these years. Thank you <end>  earlifts  I am so glad i found this product. Really helps my earrings stay in place without sagging. <end>  exactly as shown  These items are exactly as shown and do a great job. I use them to prevent my ear lobes from stretching out from wearing pierced earrings. A great side effect is if you are around children and they grab your earrings, or if you catch a long earring on something; it won't tear your ear lobe. <end>  compared to lobe wonder...  I started with Lobe Wonder and when my retailer switched to Ear Lift I switched too....The Lobe Wonder is so superior to Ear Lifts. I will not be without Lobe Wonder as long as Amazon makes it available! <end>  Earlifts - Excellent Product  I have a badly torn ear piercing on my left ear. My left earring always hung lower than the right. Since using Earlifts, my earring stays in perfect alignment. NO OUCH - and very easy to apply. Earlifts are a regular part of my makeup routine. I wouldn't be without them. <end>
 B000M999CO  Made with Swarovski Elements Cats Eye Lavender Crystal Sterling Silver French Hook 1.25" Long Dangle Earrings ||	  So prettty  I needed some earrings the color of my birthstone, and these are perfect. They're very pretty, nice and simple, which is my kind of style.Thanks a bunch. <end>
 B000M9J6NQ  Stunning Solid Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated Men's Ring with OnyxPlease specify size  9 ||	  bling blang  It is differnetly not a ring you would want to show off it looks cheap, poorly made and it very light total weight. <end>
 B000M9JEBK  Solid Sterling Silver Light Ring Please specify size  5 ||	  Can't say, I NEVER got it.  I really looked forward to this ring but after over a month of no product, no customer service, and no money, I gave up waiting. I bet the ring is beautiful, but I wouldn't know. I do know that I will NEVER order from Silvermoon Jewelry ever again. I recommend that you don't either. I know shipments can get lost but the fact that they have not answered a single one of my numerous e-mails shows what a terrible business this is. I would rate 0 stars, but this isn't possible. <end>
 B000M9JON8  Titanium 6 mm Flat Wedding Band Ring Etched Celtic Knot work Raised Edges Comfort Fit, sizes 7 to14 ||	  Nothing like the picture or what I expected  I must admit I was disappointed with the ring. Much darker than the picture. The edge of the ring was not smooth at all. Extremely light. Almost the feel and look of a ring you might get out of a bubble gum machine. Not what I expected titanium to be like.GP <end>  Nice  This ring arrived for my wife's birthday. She loved it. It is nice and light weight. The design is a wonderful and does not seem to collect dirt. She put it on and would not take it off. She said it is a little thick (thicker than what she is use to) but she loves it and refuses to take it off at any point.She is use to thinner smaller rings you might want to go thinner. The company gave wonderful service and I have no complaints. <end>  Awesome ring!  This is an awesome ring. I purchased it for my fiance to use as a "practice ring" to wear until we get to wear our wedding bands (sort of like an engagement ring for him), since he's never worn a ring before. It is a very attractive ring and is extremely light weight. He loves it. And Sabrina offered very quick service when I needed to return it for a smaller size (the fit was a little snugger than the wedding band we had sized at a jewelry store). Overall, a great purchase! <end>  Great product, great service  I ordered this ring and debated between 2 sizes. It arrived and was beautiful, but I had chosen the wrong size. The ring arrived in less than a week. I contacted the seller about an exchange. Mailed the ring back and in 8 days had the replacement ring. It is beautiful and so comfortable. I wear it and hardly know I have it on, although it is a solid ring. I would definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  This ring is as beautiful on my finger as it is in the picture. It is lightweight and doesn't weigh my hand down. The knotwork is beautifully etched, and you just can't beat the price. <end>  Looks better than the picture  I am very pleased with my purchase. Sabrina Silver offers great customer service policies. On their website, they suggest getting your ring size from a jewler as the "ring sizer" is not accurate. It's good advice and will save you postage when you exchange your ring for the correct size. <end>  Beautiful Wedding Ring  This ring is beautiful. I am allergic to gold, and I wanted something that I would not get an allergic reaction to yet was feminine and beautiful. I found it in this ring. The seller was true to their word! <end>  After two months, it shows a few scratches  I presented this ring to my fiance' about two months ago so that he, too, would have to be branded as engaged. He really liked it and the service from Sabrina Silver was very attentive. After a couple of months, the ring began to show considerable wear. It's nothing that a good cleaning couldn't take care of, but just be aware that this ring doesn't stay shiny for long. In addition, the ring is a little thick and the edges are a little sharp, but most men probably wouldn't care about that. <end>  Platinum or white gold?  After purchsing this ring I have been asked multiple times if the ring is paltinum or white gold. I decline to give them the correct answer. My best friends reaction was that ring had to of set you back a nice amount of money. If they only knew that this purchase with its quality cost me under fifty dollars they would be shocked and embarrassed. <end>  Surprised!  I was so surprised to have the item so quickly. And when I opened it, it was just so beautiful. I gave it to my fiance, who had lost 2 rings in the past 2 months. He says he really likes the way it fits. I will keep an eye on this seller, and will buy again! <end>  comfort fit?  We bought these rings because we loved the design, but we don't feel that they are very comfortable at all. The edge is too sharp, and it feels a little too thick. The actual ring is a lot darker than the picture shown. <end>  Great Promise Ring!  My boyfriend was really sad because he did not have a ring and I did have a promise ring, so I got him this one for his birthday. He loves it! It's just just shiny enough that he won't lose it and just strong enough to deal with his stupidity. I highly recommend this ring to anyone who is cheap  DP.S. Do not bite it, it will break your teeth. <end>  It's an ok ring  I love the design on the ring. I live in NV and everything tarnishes and fades really bad here in the desert so I was looking for a wedding band that would handle the elements. I was disappointed to see that it scratches very easily. The sides have scratches all over but the top portion is mostly clear of scratches. I agree with others that the edges are a bit sharpe but otherwise the ring is comfortable. I am keeping the ring as it's the one I was married with and I love the celtic design, but I do want to warn others that the ring scratches very easily. One of the reasons for choosing titanium was that it was suppose to be resistant to scratches...it was cover on the sides within days. I've had the ring on since 11/13. It was affordable and it will do until we can afford to upgrade. =) <end>  Titanium Bands by Sabrina Silver.  I ordered two of these rings, one for myself and one for my husband. I placed my order on April 14th and they shipped the SAME day. I received the rings on April 16th, two days after I had ordered them. This company/seller is one of the best that I have encountered on Amazon.com. I will definitely be looking at more of the jewelry they offer. The rings are beautiful and exactly what I had hoped they would be from the picture shown.Thank you Sabrina Silver for these beautiful creations. And thank you for being so prompt in processing and shipping my order. <end>  big maw  LOVED this ring but...did not know that for comfort fit to go 1/2 size down. I ordered a 7 which is the smallest this ring came in and had to send it back. Really wished that it came in a smaller size. <end>  Beautiful  My husband and I bought these rings for our wedding. We wanted something durable and long lasting as we hope our marriage will be. And we have not been disappointed. I am extremely glad we went with titanium, and for the price you can't go wrong. <end>  NICE SIMPLE RING  I NEEDED A SIMPLE BAND STYLE RING. THIS FIT THE BILL. IT HAS JUST ENOUGH DECORATION TO NOT BE BLAND, AND ISN'T "GAUDY". <end>  Great cheap ring  I bought this to be a temporary replacement for a lost wedding band, but I like it enough that if the lost ring doesn't turn up I'll probably just keep using this ring. The only thing I can see that seperates it from the more expensive rings is the outer edges are a little more rough. <end>  Solid ring; looks nice too.  Great ring if you work outdoors or with your hands. The titanium is strong and resistant to constant abuse. Fast, reliable shipping from the company. Excellent product for the price. <end>  Nice Ring  Good product. Great company. The engraving is not as intricate as I thought but still a very nice. <end>  HMMM  Its a really nice ring, seems durable, ive had it for two hours and i put it on and the edges are so sharp, maybe my fingers are more webbed then normal but it hurts to much to wear  ( so nice.. but oh well.. i recommend to any female interested.. it looks like a male ring... its dosent mean it is, but its as thick as a male ring and it has a more masculine look. also the edges hurt so when thinking about buying this, take into consideration its not ganna wear well on your fingers... other then that, i wish i could wear it. <end>  Great Ring  This ring has beautiful craftsman ship and a great design. It is very comfortable to wear and not to heavy of a ring. <end>  Well worth the money  This ring is well worth the money. It was not overly expensive and stands up to anything. My fiance wears it 24/7. <end>  Beautiful value for the money  Despite the small price tag, the ring looks stylish and lovely. The Celtic knot etched around the piece adds to the attractiveness, but not to the weight. Although lightweight, it is solid and incredibly durable. <end>  Titanium 6 mm wedding band (celtic etch)  This ring is AWESOME and fit perfectly! Great craftsmanship! I recommend this company for their detailedand beautiful work! I LOVE IT!! (- <end>  This is actually being used as an engagment ring  I got this ring so when the right guy wanted to propose to me he didn't have to spend the money he probably didn't have. My now Fiance used it to ask me to merry him over a water fall on Christmas. It was very romantic <end>  Nice Ring, But Not My Favorite  Its a good ring. However it is extremely light. I like heavy rings so i didn't really care for it. It also has an edge to it that is a bit uncomfortable. <end>  Beautiful  This ring is wonderful and it was the best fit. The inside of the ring is so smooth and the design is just beautiful. <end>  great ring  to find a ring that fits my my husband is wonderful - to find an attractive titanium ring that will stand up to his hard work is also wonderful. The company shipped quickly and safely - husband is finding the ring to fit comfortably <end>  my wife enjoys the ring  My wife enjoys the ring, they are very affordable on amazon. We have both lost more than one wedding band. <end>  fiance loves it  bought this for my fiance and he loves it. although I did get one size too big, it's ok bc I will be ordering another one (his correct size) and I'll be getting the one that I just ordered so we'll have a matching set. He loves it, I love it and the shipping was faster than expected. I kind of wished there would have been like a 2mm or 3mm size 6 and it would be a perfect matching set, but it's ok. <end>  Wedding band  Looks just like the picture. Very happy with this ring. Very light weight as well. Does not look cheap at all. <end>  nicks and scratches easily  I only wore the ring for a week and it looks like I've had it for quite a while. It has a lot of nicks and scratches and I run a daycare so it's not like it's from factory work or anything. The shipping was super fast, I love the ring, I love the fact that it doesn't turn my finger green!!! I gave it 3 stars because it nicked and scratched I think too easily, but overall I love the style of the ring and the weight of it great and again it didn't turn my finger green!! I went through 3 rings from other places and every one turned my finger green, even when it said sterling silver! <end>  Great buy  The ring fits comfortably. It has a very strong feel. I would definitely recommend this ring. I bought it for my husband, and have ended up wearing it instead. <end>  like it  I have worn a few wedding bands (mostly because I lose them). The wife is very tolerant of this, but I know she wants me to wear a wedding band. My last wedding band gets painful after a while because it digs into my hand. I found this wedding band that looks nice and has a comfort fit (which actually works). I also think Titanium is cooler than gold so this seemed like a perfect fit. I got the ring for my wife for her birthday so she could give it to me. She likes it.Summary fits greatfeels nicelooks nice <end>  Should have smoothed out the edges  The edges of this ring like to dig into your neighboring fingers, not very comfortable. It's light and looks just like the picture otherwise. <end>  FANTASTIC purchase.  I got this ring for my husband after his wedding ring was stolen. I LOVE the ring. It's thick and substantial. He works a lot with his hands and so far hasn't gotten scratched or dinged. I would HIGHLY recommend this product. <end>  Looks/feels like its made out...  Of plastic I purchase my fiance's ring the dragon one and this one at the same time when they came I open his first and I was like really excited because it felt and looked like I spent a lot more $$$ than I did but then I open this one and I was shocked it just feels like I went to my corner store and took 25 cents and got me a ring thankfully this is just an add on to ring and wedding band wanted one that was matching to my fiance's) so I am not going through the whole process of returning. I guess I should have listen to my gut felling when I saw 'titanium' oh well The seller is awesome and it was shipped right away!! <end>  wedding band  perfect wedding band for my soon to be husband. customer service not so great. took to long to ship and did not arrive til after excepted arrival date. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  My husband picked this band out for his wedding band. We have been married for just over 3 yrs now and he still enjoys it. It is a magical ring. It comes with mystical engraving that keeps him in line!My only negative thought on it is that it seems to have gotten scuffed up a lot easier than I would have thought titanium would have. <end>  Love It  I lost my gold wedding ring, which we bought for about $150 over 9 years ago. Needless to say, gold is a lot more expensive now. An equivalent ring would be way out of my budget now. So, I looked at titanium and tungsten carbide alternatives.I went to a couple of jewelry stores, got my ring size, and got the model numbers of a few rings I liked. My ring size is small, size 7, so none of the stores had it in stock. You can't resize titanium, you can only order it in your size. I was planning to order one that I liked from a store's website. They didn't offer the style I wanted in my size. So, I came to Amazon to check out what they had to offer.I was first surprised that the prices were much lower than I expected. The picture of this ring caught my eye before I even saw the AMAZING price. My gold ring had a similar rope design in it. After showing it to my wife, she really liked it and I decided to purchase it. I have Amazon Prime, so I didn't have to pay for 2-day shipping. The package actually arrived the next day! It was well-packaged and in perfect condition.The reviews about sharp edges don't seem to be true for me. The inside of the ring is slightly curved which gives it a great feel while wearing it and taking it on and off. The outside of the ring is squared off, so that may be the edge folks are complaining about. I barely notice I'm wearing it - and as I mentioned, I have small fingers.I'm really pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B000M9JP4Q  Titanium 7mm Wedding Band Ring Polished Convex Center Matte Edges Comfort-fit, sizes 7 to 14 ||	  Titanium at a price you can't beat  This Titanium ring is just like the Titanium rings that you pay hundreds of dollars for. It has Titanium engraved on the inside so you know its the real material. Buy this instead of those expensive ones. I got this for my husband and it has worked out perfectly. He always bent his other rings at work and this one is still in perfect condition. Its with the price. <end>  Good Deal  This was a great deal and my husband likes the ring. It is very comfortable and we like the design. However, the frosted/brushed edges scratch easily. That said, my husband says that it feels so light that he doesn't even feel it when he is wearing it. The titanium is less silver looking in real life. It looks bright and shiny in the picture but it is not quite that brilliant in real life. The service and shipping was fast and great. I would buy from this seller again for sure. <end>  Titanium Band with Convex Polished Center and Frosted Edges  I am very pleased with my Titatium Band. It is not as scuff resistant as I might have hoped, but overall I am satisfied. <end>  Doubt if this is "real" titanium.  Look, highly impure titanium should be as hard or harder than glass. Commercial grade titanium should be slightly below diamond hardness. The hardness of this grade of titanium is that of about mild steel. I don't know what they mixed this titanium with, but it scratches very easily. I wanted a ring that would be hard and resist scratching. This thing scratches MUCH easier than my 18k white gold wedding ring. How this could possibly be actual titanium, I don't know. Frankly, for the price I paid, its not worth the hassle of sending it back, but I would recommend not buying this ring. I consider the cost of this ring a learning experience for me. Don't trust something just because it says "Titanium" on it. Find out what the hardness of the ring is before you buy it.The hardness of metals surfaces in the arbitrary MOHS scale (1 = hardness of Talc surface; 10 = hardness of Diamond surface) are, in increasing order  Aluminum = 2 to 2.9; Gold (pure) = 2.5 to 3 (typically 2.75); Silver (pure) = 2.5 to 4 (typically 3.25); Platinum (pure) = 4.3; Glass = 5 to 6; Titanium = 5 to 6 (strongly impurity dependent); SS = 5 to 8.5; Platinum-Iridium (950) = 6.5; Quartz = 7; Titanium nitride (TiN) = 9; Diamond (C) = 10In Brinell Hardness scale  Aluminum (99+) = 23-44; Gold (pure) = 28-48; Silver (99.9%+) = 30-90; Tantalum = 55-123; Platinum (commercial) = 65-101; Silver (sterling, 92.5%) = 65-125; Platinum (10% rhodium) = 79-169; Platinum (10% Iridium) = 104-169; Gold (white 18K) = 211-323; Titanium (commercial) = 200; Titanium (5 Al-2.5Sn) = 34 (RockwellC); SS = 160-400. <end>  seller feedback  This is a unique men's wedding band. Comfortable on a man's finger and lighterthan the heavier stainless steel, yet strong. Seller was very fast in fillingmy order & I was shocked at how fast the ring arrived! I like Amazon and thosecompanies who sell through them. Good communication is always available. <end>  Great Value and Quality for the Price  This ring was very light weight and was comfortable to wear due to the comfort fit design. The quality was equal to those rings that are far more expensive. This ring is perfect for someone who is looking for light weight and comfort at a very affordable price. Don't let the price fool you. This ring is of very good quality for the price. <end>  Great deal  Seller was awesome to deal with and quickly exchanged the product for the correct size. A year later and my husband is still wearing it- is somewhat scratched up though and pinches his finger but for $7 we couldn't have been happier. <end>  its an ok ring  It's a nice ring but its very dull looking I wanted a ring that looked like it was white gold but it will do for now <end>  Great  Great buy! Purchased to replace husband's more expensive Titanium ring that was too small. He loves it and it has been very durable and fits great. Had it now for over a year. <end>  Great looking Ring  I purchased this as my wedding ring after countless visits to jewelry stores with ridiculously priced rings. Titanium is not a precious metal and you'd be silly to pay several hundred dollars just because its a "Wedding band". This ring looks great and has a great light weight. I highly recommend it.Check you size carefully. I was a 10 at the jeweler in a gold band (non-comfort fit), and I was a 9.5 in this. I think it's because of the comfort-fit. <end>  Nice ring for an outstanding price  Received the ring within 7 days from ordering. Quality and service are both high quality. <end>  Great ring  First the delivery on this ring was faster than a speeding bullet! The ring looks great and best of all feels great. I forget I have a ring on, most rings make me fidget and mess with it all day. This ring is so comfortable, I don't "fee" it on and that is just great. Great ring at an amazing price. <end>  Titanium Ring  I love my wedding ring. I like to keep is smiply. I didn't want a diamond. I'm not into that type of jewel. Iam a very active person and I had a stone on my ring and it just keep getting hit and it was just too much for everyday wear. If you are like me then this is a good one. Cheers!  ) <end>  Good Value, Humble design  I was looking for a band that would somehow represent 3 and, I found it with this product. I have since ordered more products from this company. The straight across finish on the inside of the ring might require a half size up on the size to fit your finger. I love mine. <end>  Yellowish Ti Ring  Items appears as silver color, however Titanium has a natural yellowish hue to it, and so does the ring. However it is still a beatiful purchase, excellent craftmanship, and the right fit. <end>
 B000M9LJ90  Solid Sterling Silver "Hope" Band Ring Please specify size  8 ||	  hope ring  the ring is ok. just ok. it's thinner silver than i thought it'd be, so it probably won't last forever. very shiny, but it'll dull down as i wear it. it took many many weeks to arrive and i contacted the seller more than 4 times w/ no response. i would never buy from this seller again. <end>  Excellent quality.  Ordered this ring in "Hope" about a year ago. Haven't taken it off. It shows no sign of wear. I love it - can't even feel it on my finger. It is kind of a "matte" silver, not shiny. Blends in with other jewelry I wear. I won't take it off, need to look at it often for inspiration. <end>  had better  Great ring, also own the "Truth", the solid band and "Love" by the same company. Great look. Stays clean and polished, clean.ONE THING  It's slightly larger than the other rings!!!!Not as nice as the others, but would look good alone, not so much a stacking ring. <end>
 B000M9ND30  Solid Sterling Silver Celtic Ring Please specify size  9 ||	  Exactly What I Needed  I have very small fingers (size 4) and therefore I have to buy all of my rings online b/c I can never find size 4 in the stores. Anyway, this was perfect. Good price, right size, and it doesn't leave that awful green/brown crap on my finger. <end>  Beautiful ring  Hard to believe this ring would look like much, considering the price, but it was beautiful. <end>
 B000M9OJ60  Lovely Solid Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Rings with Heart Shaped Center Stone Please specify size  9 ||	  Poor Quality  I bought this for a friend and already she is noticing how the coating of the ring is falling off, losing its bright silver coating. very poorly made <end>
 B000M9OJOW  Solid Sterling Silver Dangle Zodiac Ring - Pisces Please specify size  8 ||	  Really not worth it.  I really don't feel it was worth it to buy it. It's tiny, looks of poor quality and has turned a portion of my finger black. Hence which makes me doubt its worth. <end>
 B000M9QCDS  Solid Sterling Silver Blue Crystal Claddagh Ring Please specify size  8 ||	  Lovely Claddagh Ring  Lovely claddagh ring! I got it for my friend, and she wears it always, as I wear one she gave me! <end>
 B000M9QFT4  Solid Sterling Silver Onyx Ring Please specify size  9 ||	  Absolutely Beautiful!  I absolutely love this ring! It is gorgeous. I got it in a 9 so that I can wear it in the summertime when none of my rings fit, and it'll work wonderfully. The design is beautiful and so far is proving to be sturdy. The band is a little thin in spots, but as long as it isn't abused it'll be fine. The shipping took a little longer than stated, but it arrived in excellent condition. I am very pleased with this ring and would totally recommend it. <end>
 B000MACAOW  Zadro Cosmetic Lipstick Organizer Model No. ZOR9 ||	  Fantastic Doohicky  If you are short on bathroom drawers for cosmetics, buy this for your medicine cabinet. It holds mascara, brow gel, lip gloss, eye liners, nail pencils, tweezers, grooming scissors for brows and nail clippers. There are better tools for lipstick alone but I find this indispensable. I bought one and later bought a second and both are full. Also, they are built to fit well inside a medicine cabinet. Excellent product design. I just love this item. <end>
 B000MB03TK  Amazon.com  Tuxedo Cufflinks and Studs - Emerald In Shamrock Gold Setting  Clothing ||	  Great buy!  Just what I wanted! Looks great and I will wear for every Irish event! <end>
 B000MC5NFS  Solid Sterling Silver African Animals Brooch Pin ||	  A miniture safari.  This is a beautiful brooch for anyone who loves nature and wildlife. Makes a great conversation piece! <end>
 B000MC973W  Solid Sterling Silver Dragon Brooch Pin ||	  Better Looking in Person  Bought this for a friend who collects dragon jewelry. It arrived quickly and was much prettier than I imagined. It was quite shiny and the detail was good. <end>
 B000MC9CA0  Solid Sterling Silver Celtic Thumb Ring Please specify size  12 ||	  Love It  The ring came amazingly fast for standard shipping and it goes really well with my other celtic design jewelry of which I have a lot. <end>  I love this ring!  I was really happy to find this thumb ring. It is just a little different than any of the other thumb rings that I have seen. I have other celtic jewerly and it looks good with it. It looks good with anything really.I accidently ordered two and gave one as a gift. <end>
 B000MCAUAG  Solid Sterling Silver Ring Please specify size  9 ||	  Excellent Value  Solid Sterling Silver Light RingI bought both these rings and am very pleased with the quality for the price. Couldn't find anything comparable in stores locally. <end>
 B000MCAUY2  "Unicorn with Girl" Diamond-Cut Figurine ||	  it's a NO SHOW  This was never sent by the company It was a terrible disappointment as it was to be a Christmas present. And no explanation either. <end>
 B000MCAWYU  Solid Sterling Silver Amber Sun Ring Please specify size  5 ||	  Pretty Cool!  This ring looks suprisingly really nice. It's good quality and looks really cool. It's a little smaller than most of my rings, but very comfortable! <end>
 B000MFGN8G  Sterling Silver 6mm Round Gemstone Stud Earrings ||	  Overcorrected on size  These earrings seem pretty good quality for the price -- the silver is a bit on the ludicrously shiny side, but the stones are a nice, lightly brownish red color and the workmanship seems solid enough, though a little fragile-looking. My girlfriend was pleased with them, too. However, a word of warning for those (like me) not used to guesstimating earring sizes sight unseen -- you'll see people complaining in reviews for various 6mm stud earrings that they are "smaller than expected" or "too small" or words to that effect. I was a little worried about that, but I got out a ruler and figured that my girlfriend is fairly petite and it would be okay. In fact, the earrings were a bit too large -- her earlobes practically disappeared behind them, and the deep basket setting stuck out weirdly. So, if the intended recipient is smaller in stature you may want to consider one of the smaller earrings.Apart from that, these were pretty and seemed well-made, so I'm returning these and getting the 4mm garnet studs. First return I've had to do with Amazon, and I've been shopping with them from near the beginning -- I have to say it was a pretty painless process so far, so kudos to Amazon. <end>  A llittle disappointed  I bought these to give as a gift. The earrings are pretty but are a little flimsier than I expected from the picture. The sterling silver is very thin and light so I hope these hold up. The garnets are a nice color. They came loose in a kind of cheesy felt bag inside a box with some thin cottony stuff. There is really no way to make a nice presentation for a gift with what they give you. Also there is nothing saying that they are sterling silver or garnets so for all your recipient knows they could be totally fake. <end>  Great earrings for a great price  I wear my pair all the time. The stones were beautiful and a great big size. They stand out and look great with whatever I wear. <end>  Wonderful Gift Set  This has been a much appreciated gift that is worn all the time by my recipient - who thanks me repeatedly for the gift. It is well made as well as beautiful. Strongly recommend Amazon's jewelry. <end>  Average Quality, Good for the Price  The earrings look nice, but the setting is a little deep, so they stick out from your ears. One of the stones is loose and I'm not sure how I can tighten the prong to get it to stay better. I'm afraid I will lose the jewel. Also, the backs don't seem to stay on very tight. Overall, it is a nice looking pair of garnet earrings for the money, but the quality is lacking. <end>  Nice addition with a necklace  Gave this to our pre-teen neice after parents said she wanted earrings for Christmas. Nice gift, especially when paired with a birthstone necklace. <end>  Very nice earrings!  They are a deep red. I don't see the brown some mention. The size is perfect at 6mm. Not too big not too small. They are well made and do not look cheap. <end>  These earrings are so beautiful!  I absolutely love these earrings. They sparkle so pretty. And the stone is good quality, and beautiful red color. I'm glad I got it in the silver. Perfect for the holidays and got here in time for Christmas! Packaging was good. Shipped quickly! <end>  Great color, great size, bit iffy on the mounting  Ordered these for a friend for Christmas. They're a beautiful color and not too large or small, but the pegs seem awfully long. <end>  Beautiful color  The stones are beautiful. They're a rich, deep, sparkling red. There is no muddy brown undertones in them. They do remind me of the deep, red, ruby color of past years...before rubies became so pink. The cut is excellent. They are approximately 1 carat in each ear.The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars, the silver setting is rather lightweight. Not exactly flimsy, but not solid either. The setting will definitely hold the stones, and the size of the settings is not skimpy. The silver used is just a lightweight variety. I know silver prices have gone up, so they're cutting corners.That said, they are very attractive on my ears. The silver is very highly polished and has a lot of presence. It's exactly what I wanted. I purchased to go with a garnet and silver pendant.If you don't want the silver settings to compete with the stones, which these do, Amazon Jewelry Collection also has a pair of 6mm garnet stud earrings for approximately 14. Initially, I purchased those, but lost them. Their color is just as gorgeous, the silver is not as pronounced, and at the time I purchased them, their setting was a little sturdier than these. <end>  Excellent purchase  The earrings are better than I could have imagined. The stones are are deep red and several people have asked if they are rubies! They are very comfortable to wear. I'm glad I made this purchase. <end>  Garnet earrings  These earrings are not too big or too small; they're the perfect size and color for me. <end>  Beautiful large Garnet Stud Earings  I ordered these as a gift for my wife and I am very pleased with what I got. The size was exactly what I was looking for and the color is great. My wife loves them. They show well on her ears and the size is perfect. They can be worn any time with any thing. These are very nice earings at an excellent price! <end>  Not as dark red as pictured  While I am pleased with these earrings for the most part, I am disappointed with the color. I was expecting a dark red, but these garnets are much lighter than that. Had the picture shown the gems to be of a lighter color, I never would have purchased them because of my personal preference. Other than that, however, the earrings are very nic. <end>  Made my girlfriend happy  The pictures give them a much redder look then you should expect but you will catch that color occasionally and it looks good. <end>  Very pretty!  These earrings are very attractive and I have received many compliments while wearing them. The only downside for me, is that the posts are a bit long. So if I have headphones on, use the phone, or sleep with them in, they dig into my head. Its a minor concern since they are so beautiful! <end>  Almost perfect  Really nice earrings that catch the sunlight beautifully. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is becuase the silver is really really shiny. <end>  Perfectly colored garnets  My wife went crazy over them. She has many pieces of garnet jewelry and was very pleased with the color (a reddish brown). The settings are attractivie and secure. She couldn't be happier with them! <end>  Great earrings for a great price  They arrived this afternoon and I couldn't be happier. Well made and very beautiful, nice colour. Garnets are said to be symbols of positive or good luck. I'll be happy to wear these! <end>  Glorious Garnets  I was nervous buying these, but I figured that I couldn't really go too wrong for the price. I was not at all disappointed, but was instead quite pleased. I was immediately in love with the color... they are a deep red, very rich, I don't detect any brown in the pair I received. They are very brilliant, if I keep them clean, and so far I do that only by wiping them with a cloth or a little brush. They are the perfect size to wear alone, not too big or small. The one thing I did was switch out the backings for the round, platter types because the ones that came with the earrings are so tiny, I was afraid I'd lose the earrings. Now I wear them every single day. I'm so glad I bought them, and I recommend them to any garnet-lover. <end>  Good value, nice stones  I bought these having read earlier reviews, so I was expecting a brownish-red stone. I think they're gorgeous, but if expecting a stong, true red, it seems like you're going to be disappointed. <end>  nice  These are really pretty a nice size a very vibrant red l would recommend your ear rings to everyone love them <end>  beautiful earrings  I really love these garnet earrings. The color is lovely. Very deep brilliant cranberry red. They look far more expensive than they are, and the size is perfect. The settings are sturdy and the posts are a comfortable length. I'd recommend these for sure. <end>  Lovely  I purchased these earrings for my sister. They were so pretty, I hated to give them away. Perfect size and just as pictured. <end>  Lovely garnet earrings!  Just received the 6mm round garnet earrings and I am very very pleased with the color and sparkle of the garnets. The sterling silver earrings are also a very nice weight, and the back is substantial so the earrings don't feel like they will fall off -- all in all, a very good bargain for the price!! One word of caution  the earrings shipped together with a couple of other items, and they were just in a small plastic zip bag without any protection from the other items in the shipping box. Luckily, no damage ... <end>  Beautiful holiday earrings!  I bought these for myself and they are beautiful. I will be wearing them long past the holidays. They are just the right size, a beautiful deep red, and very sparkly. The silver is shiny but I like it. The earrings are well made and sturdy, the backs stay on, and they work well for being on the phone a lot at work. Comfortable and easy to wear, and the color goes with a lot of my wardrobe. I thought they were worth the price. <end>  The backs keep falling off  I purchased these for my wife, and she has nearly lost them on several occasion because the backs keep falling off. She's tried using back from other earrings, but none of them will stay on. <end>
 B000MIVDLA  Sterling Silver Scorpio Zodiac Pendant with Chain, 1 Inch ||	  Gorgeous!!!  This pendant arrived on time as promised in nice packaging, and it is absolutely gorgeous!!! I love it! The chain was not very pretty, but durable, so I purchased a really nice rope chain to put the pendant on, and I get lots of comments and compliments on the medallion! Just my style. Thanks!!! <end>
 B000MK2OBQ  Yellow Gold Diamond Cut Claddagh Religious Cross with chain ||	  beautiful concept of a Claddagh Cross, but is not what it seems....  Really liked the concept of how this Claddagh Cross looked, however on receipt, it looks very cheaply stamped out & without dimension. A shame, it could be beautiful.... <end>
 B000MK5YMW  Ladies Yellow Gold Heart Celtic Claddagh Pendant Locket with 20 Inch Chain ||	  I bought this as a gift and mailed it without seeing it myself...  And I was told that the reciepient LOVES it - However there was no info on the symbolizm included (would have been very nice) and the chain (from what I was told) is too fragile. <end>
 B000MKCYMU  Sterling Silver Initial H Pendant with Chain ||	  Nice necklace for a guy or a girl  This is a really nice necklace with a substantial chain that would work for either a guy or a girl. <end>
 B000MKCZRY  Large Round Sterling Silver St. Christopher Medal Medallion with chain ||	  St. Christopher's Medal  We bought this as a gift for our son-in-law. He was very pleased with it. Quality was good. We were very satisfied with out purchase. <end>
 B000MKF3D2  Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant with chain ||	  Great Bar Mitzvah Gift  I have my kids give other kids a Jewish Star necklace as Bar Mitzvah gifts. I have purchased many!! This one is very nice and priced right. <end>
 B000MKI7MQ  Amazon.com  .925 Sterling Silver Violin &amp; Bow Charm  Clothing ||	  same charm but in earring?  I purchased this exact fiddle and bow charm by as earrings instead. I really liked them. When I went to purchase more for a friend as a gift, I was disappointed since they only carry the charm!They are tiny, delicate and sterling...wish they had the earring version still. <end>
 B000ML3GV2  14k Gold Men's Bezel-Set Moissanite Ring (1cttw equivalent), Size 9 ||	  Bezel-Set Moissanite Men's Ring  I purchased this ring recently at a good price with the product promotion discount. This is well made and beutiful ring for men. <end>
 B000ML79R4  2 Inch White Gold Hoop Earrings ||	  2 in white gold hoop earrings  When the earrings arrived I was very impressed by their qualityThey looked great -solid white gold - 2 inThe problem the closing part of the earring was weak & softI would wear the earrings and find one of them on the ground whenthe catch had opennedAs a matter of fact, last Saturday while I was away, I lost one of my earrings for the third or fourth time and now of course it is gone for good and I have only only one hoop earring left.I blame this on the weak catches attached to the earrrings <end>
 B000MLB51K  Sterling Silver 8mm Round Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings ||	  You've got to be kidding  These are unbelievably huge. There will be no lingering doubt in anyone's mind that these might be anything but fake. Between the weight of the stone and the way the setting holds it way out from your ear, they droop, further adding to their ridiculous appearance. If your taste runs to gaudy/bling-bling or if you are looking for dual-duty jewelery that can also be used to flash a distress signal to a distant search and rescue plane, these are the earrings for you! Mine are getting sent back... <end>
 B000MLERWO  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Pear Stud Earrings ||	  outstanding value  These earrings are fun to wear!!! People even thought they were a gift from my husband (expensive & real). I just laughed!!! Great value for simple elegance. LOVE THEM!!! Great size--any bigger, they would look fake. Thanks. <end>  Another Amazon.com Collection Winner!  I think I have an addiction to Amazon.com Collection Jewelry. I have purchased more pieces than I can count and these earrings are just one pair that I enjoy wearing. The size is great, actually a bit bigger than I expected so that was nice and I've already received several compliments. You can't beat the price for these beauties! <end>  Looks like Diamond  Great earing but smaller than expected - Will pass it on for a Chrismas gift. <end>
 B000MLTW06  Ladies Tri-Color Gold Designer Style Bracelet ||	  Christmas present  My girlfriend has always asked for a tri-color gold bracelet which has proven incredibly difficult to find in retail stores. This bracelet is more delicate than the picture may suggest, but it definitely made her eyes light up. <end>
 B000MM5TDY  Sterling Silver Slide Pendant Synthetic Opal Inlay 8 mm Trillium Amethyst CZ Center 1 inch long, ||	  Brilliant color  Very nice slide, brilliant color and exactly what I was expecting. Shipping was fast and on time. I definately would recommend. <end>
 B000MM9ANE  Sterling Silver Squid Pendant, Pink Synthetic Opal Inlay w/ CZ stones,1 7/8 inch tall, ||	  So gorgeous!!  This piece is absolutely gorgeous. Brightly polished and perfect. It arrived in it's own box and package with ample packing to keep it from being jostled. It went perfectly with the necklace I was making and actually made it so much more handsome/beautiful. Quite pleased with the size and the quality. I will definitely order this product again. <end>
 B000MMCRJ8  Amazon.com  Pirates of the Caribbean II  Dead Man&#39;s Chest Jack Sparrow Pirate Beads Replica  Toys &amp; Games ||	  Great pirates costume accessory  For the price, you can't beat it; a decent replica of the beads that Jack Sparrow wears in his hair for the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. If you are a picky die-hard collector, these might disappoint. For the average collector or person who wants to accessorize his Jack Sparrow costume, these are fantastic. <end>  True to the screen - but where to put it!  Not everyone has hair like our favorite Capt. Jack, but don't let that stop you from plundering one of these for yourselves! Great design especially on the coin at the end, beads are pretty good quality, ive thrown it around a bit and nothings been scratched or cracked or broken and the string its arrives on seems to be pretty tough as well so this product is well worth the money you pay for it. Use it as a piece of eight to hang out of your hair, a keychain, on your cell phone or do what Johnny does and hook it to your belt loop and suprise your friends - just don't burn it. Good buy. <end>  Cheap but cool  The article is a cheap replica but I can't complain about the price. You're getting what you're paying for =P <end>  Cool piece  A cool piece or memorabilia. A little plastic feeling but not bad for the price. Can't really find anything else like it. Goes great with the rest of our POTC stuff. <end>  Jack Sparrow's pirate beads replica  Excellent replica. The coin is made of real lead not plastic. The coins diagrams are well defined and the beads have a good finish. <end>  Jack's Piece of Eight  These beads are a very nice replica of Captain Jack's beads. It's been very durable; I've used it in my hair, as a key chain, purse decoration, and even as a book mark. No matter how you use it it adds character and detail. Very versatile and fun. The beads themselves are good quality although they're plastic. The coin is metal which adds to the authenticity to the piece. If you're wondering about the other side of the coin it is not the same as the side pictured it is the same as the design in the movie. The picture depicts the coin as being silver, however, it is more of a brassy color. Overall I was very pleased with this purchase and enjoy using it to add character to any look. <end>  Very Authentic  The beads that Jack Sparrow wears are pretty much the same as these. They are a perfect addition to your pirate costuem. if you are trying to get the exact look, it is a great compliment at a great price. <end>  Amazing.  Anything made my Master Replicas is always of the highest quality. It is so disappointing they went out of business... If you need this Piece of Eight for your Jack Sparrow costume or just as a decoration or something, definitely get it. An exact replica of the prop used in the movies. <end>  my nephews are so..  my nephews are so into this stuff, (pirates of the carribean) very nicely done indeedy..price is neat too, very gift able <end>  Not a toy  This item is not a toy, rather a matching set of beads. Beads are of good quality, and a good bargain. Great for Halloween costume. <end>  pirate beads  This item was added to my Halloween costume as Capt. Jack Sparrow. The devil is in the details, and this small item did the trick. It is an inexpensive way to build up this costume, but it made the whole thing look authentic. I will probably go as the same character next year, and this item can be used again. Good job. <end>  Don't know how to wear it.  Nice replica of the bandana thing that Sparrow carries but I really don't know how and where to bend it. So, despite nicely reproduced from the movie, feels kind of useless. <end>
 B000MME6CY  Solid Sterling Silver Zodiac Band Ring - Pisces Please specify size  11 ||	  Silver Ring  I ordered this ring and received it in a very timely manner. It was just as pretty when I got it. I'd ordered a size 9 and it was a tad snug but that may be because I have big fingers. But it is a beautiful ring and nicely priced! <end>
 B000MMGX3O  Sterling Silver Black Accent Men's Rectangular Pendant, 24" ||	  Great look, great feel  I was hesitant to buy a necklace, thinking they're too feminine or "creepy", but this one really puts those anxieties to rest. The chain is very clean and classy-looking, and the pendant is interesting and attractive without requiring religious affiliation. Wearing it feels like wearing a less casual necktie. It's under the shirt, obviously, but my point is that it accentuates the look you have in a neutral, attractive way. <end>  Nice Quality, hangs low  It looks great. It is long, so it hangs down the chest a bit, but I like that better than a cheap pooga bead necklace. Summer will tell if I get compliments on it, since I won't walk around with my shirt unbuttoned...... <end>
 B000MMHLYY  Solid Sterling Silver Zodiac Band Ring - Pisces Please specify size  9 ||	  Silver Ring  I ordered this ring and received it in a very timely manner. It was just as pretty when I got it. I'd ordered a size 9 and it was a tad snug but that may be because I have big fingers. But it is a beautiful ring and nicely priced! <end>
 B000MMHM02  Solid Sterling Silver Zodiac Band Ring - Pisces Please specify size  7 ||	  Silver Ring  I ordered this ring and received it in a very timely manner. It was just as pretty when I got it. I'd ordered a size 9 and it was a tad snug but that may be because I have big fingers. But it is a beautiful ring and nicely priced! <end>
 B000MMJ3Y0  Solid Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated 2 Piece Wedding Ring with Round Center Stone & Princess Cut Channel Set Cubic Zirconia Stones Please specify size  6 ||	  Very Beautiful  I am very pleased with his ring. I received it as promised in the best time possible. It is very beautiful and the stones very clear, just like the picture shown on the Amazon website. Thank you for sending such a beautiful ring. Telena <end>
 B000MNHLNE  Sterling Silver Purple Jade Chinese Good luck Letters Donut Flower 1.25 inch Long Charm Pendant ||	  SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOSIOUS  How's that for a title. No kidding, the pendant is beautiful; much much more than I expected for the price. The workmanship on the silver mounting is excellent, the jade color and finish are gorgeous, and the design is just what I wanted--simple but elegant. Thank you for a piece of jewelry that I will wear with pride for many years and then pass to one of my daughters. <end>
 B000MPG8HW  Medieval Armored Dragon Box Trinket Celtic Storage ||	  Well worth the price!  The picture does not do this box justice! It is very heavy and has the look and feel of carved stone. I bought this as a gift for my 15-year old nephew who likes dragons. It was a hit. The family was amazed that it was only resin because it has a very rich feel and appearance. <end>  Cute little trinket for your trinkets  It's not a huge box, so it can easily be placed somewhere and it holds up to half the contents of a regular jewelry box. And its unique design assures that you never lose track of it. A great buy for any who love dragons or fantasy in general. <end>  Birthday gift steal  I orginally bought this as a birthday present for one of my freinds, i was hoping to fit a tarot deck into it. but unfortunatly the deck was a little to big,but my smaller deck fit into perfectly. So i ended up keeping it for myself. I instantly fell in love with the detail and the feel of it!! <end>  Great!  I really loved this product when I received it in the mail! It was exactly what I wanted and a perfect size too. Great product and fast shipping too. <end>
 B000MPLTMG  Kerusso Pick Jesus Necklace Turquoise ||	  Nice Pendant, but....  This is a nice pendant, but could use a different cord/chain. I bought this for my 15-yr old daughter and she absolutely loves it. However, the cord that came with it was coiled and could not be straightened or stretched. I did not contact them about this. We ended up getting her a chain to wear with the pendant. She wears it often. The turquoise color is beautiful. Fast shipping. <end>  Great...mostly  Well, it's a great necklace and it's one of my favorites, but the paint rubs off of the pick a little after awhile. But considering I've had it for a year, and you can still see most of the gold print, it's a pretty good deal... the string that holds it on... not so much. It fell off and broke after three months, but that was probably because I was obsessing over it and wore it every day. I would not consider pulling on it, as the string is a little small. I can't remember if you can take the pick off, but I think you can, and I use it for playing the guitar. The words on the pendant says "Pick Jesus" and on the back it recites Romans 10 13, "Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved". May God bless all of your celebrations! <end>
 B000MPQWO6  Kerusso Pick Jesus Necklace, Blue ||	  cheap stuff  Not worth it, it comes in a pick that's made of cheap plastic. Being a guitar player myself, I bought this to pair up my style, but it didn't work. The wording on the necklace is slopy, and the necklace was too short. So I decided to replace the necklace with a metal chain, but the quality of the pick was so bad - I wore it for 2 weeks then threw it away. The scripture on the back of the pick was a nice touch, but I wasn't impressed. <end>  Fantastic!  Got this for a christmas present to a friend, and it was beautiful! The color was bright, the writing in gold was very neat, and he has worn it every day since I gave it to him in december, it is now july and it has not worn out or broken. I am now planning on buying myself one, because it is such good quality, although the necklace itself is a little short for some necks. <end>  Good quality pick, low quality necklace  Absolutely loved the thing the first day I got it at Christmas. The necklace for it broke the first day of Christmas. I was kind of disappointed, but I bought a extra chain to go along with it though and it worked perfectly until the chain broke and I lost the pick. I would recommend buying this only if you plan to buy a good chain to keep it on. <end>  Great present  My daughter chose her own Christmas present this year, and this is what she chose! She loves playing guitar and she loves Jesus, so this was the perfect gift. We ordered it and it arrived in just a few days. Since it was December, we were pleasantly surprised at the prompt service.She was delighted when the pick necklace arrived. Naturally, we let her have it early so she could wear it to all the youth Christmas functions at church.I would definitely recommend this as an excellent gift for any guitar player, especially if they are teens. <end>
 B000MPQWQO  Amazon.com  Faith Gear Spinner Ring - Live 4 Him SM  Clothing ||	  Spinner ring  Great value. Has held up well. Hasn't turned our fingers green. It really seems to be a nice ring. <end>
 B000MQ96CK  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Cut 8mm Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Rhodium Plated 5mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  This is a beauty  This is the way to propose for someone who couldn't do all their homework on a real rock. I call it the "prototype". Makes us very happy to be engaged and gives some time to look together for the rock. I'm also told that this is the kind of ring to take traveling when concerned about losing the real one. <end>  Fantastic gift and the wrapping is just spectacular  Everything about this gift is perfect. The delivery was fast. The wrapping and ring box was great. The ring itself is a 2 piece beautiful set. I will shop from this store again. <end>  Wonderful buy!!!  This ring looks amazing online, and when you get it you will be surprised by just how amazing it is! I didn't want anything too extravagant, and this ring is perfect!!! I got mine earlier than expected and that is always great! I ordered the size i usually wear and it fit just fine, i have already received many comments and how nice it looks!! I would recommend this ring and this seller to anyone looking for a ring that looks a amazing!!!!!!!! <end>  TERRIBLE "machining" of this item.  I LOVED this ring in the photo only - it's a 2 piece wedding ring that is suppose to "hook up" to each other. When I received it, the 2nd half (the half without the solitare on it)... was all TWISTED in the middle like a corkscrew. This is NOT how it looks in the picture AND it did not hook up to the main piece; huge gap.I called GEMAVENUE - where it came from and told them the issue. I was SHOCKED that there was NO quality control and that NO one looks over this stuff before they mail it out? They said they get their rings from someone else, but they should have checked it over before mailing it to me. SO, they said they would mail out another one to me and that she would personally INSPECT it for any issues. WElL, guess what? THE SAME CRAPPY, defected ring came to me again!!! EXACT same thing. I called again, and said something is WRONG with the machining of this ring... she said she would take it down off the site and contact them. I mailed BOTH rings back and picked out a replacement ring.TO THIS day, over a month later, the defected ring is still up on the site! DO NOT buy this ring at all! Terrible! <end>  CZ wedding ring  This ring is a beauty. Both my lover and I are expremely happy with it. I will buy from Gem Avenue again <end>  Looks Fake  I have been looking at this ring for a few weeks and decided on buying because of its great reviews. However when I got the ring I was very disappointed. The diamonds on the sides looked glued on, it was not aligned correctly and stick out far enough to where it is uncomfortable, the craftmanship is poor and the diamond looks fake. I have to point out on the positive that the ring got to my home sooner than I expected but the box it came in looked rather "dollar store-ish". Company is fast and reliable, product is poor. <end>  Had an Allergic reaction in 2 days  This is supposed to be a nickel free ring. I'm pregnant so I needed a bigger wedding ring for my pregnant fingers and didn't want to spend a ton. This worked last pregnancy with another ring that I wore for months without issue until it broke (another "cheapy" ring). Anyway, I was worried about having a reaction since my skin is sensitive and was excited that the ring said nickel free.I've worn it for 2 days and couldn't wear it any more because of the itchy rash it left under where the ring touched my finger. Maybe it doesn't have nickel, but it's definitely not hypoallergenic. I realize that it wasn't advertised as such but buyer beware if you are looking for a ring to be gentle to your sensitive skin.I will also second the ill fitting of the pair. The two rings never fit together correctly and constantly have to be moved into place. I was actually pretty disappointed with how the ring looked in person. The large CZ was nice but the detailing on the sides looks pretty cheap. <end>  Doesn't look fake.  I'm not saying that the stone shines just like a diamond, but all my friends and relatives think my fianc&eacute; has a real diamond. No, they aren't jewelers, but most people aren't. And for $16.99, who can complain about that?But here's what really sealed the deal for me  During finals week, my fianc&eacute; took the ring off to wash her hands, and forgot it in a public bathroom. It didn't matter to me, I had $20 and replaced it that night! <end>  I can't belive it's not real!  I have bought this ring to wear it when traveling and I am incredibly amazed of how real this ring looks!! You could not tell that it is not a real diamond. Great quality!! It is really a beautiful ring. I love it! Thanks Amazon! <end>  very happy  SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG BUT I WANTED TO MAKE SURE THE RING COULD HOLD UP TO ME WEARING IT WITH MY JOB CLEANING, MY HANDS BEING IN ALL KINDS OF CLEANING PRODUCTS AND AFTER 10 MONTHS THE RINGS STILL LOOK BEAUTIFUL. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY RINGS AND I WOULD DEFINITLY ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN. THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH. <end>  Beautiful Bridal set!!!  This rings are just perfect!! such a pretty set for so little $$$ ..what can I say?, it looks stunning, real, overall has a great quality. Sparkles a lot and people think when they see it that it's a white gold diamond beauty lol. 100 % satisfied =] <end>  Beautiful Bridal set!!!  This rings are just perfect!! such a pretty set for so little $$$ ..what can I say?, it looks stunning, real, overall has a great quality. Sparkles a lot and people think when they see it that it's a white gold diamond beauty lol. 100 % satisfied =] <end>  Very Surprised  I was very impressed with the ring when I first saw it, when I opened it when I it came in I was very shocked. Its so realistic! I love the ring and would say if you love rings to buy this one won't be disappointed  ) <end>  se ve nice  Cuando llego, lo detalle y esta bastante creible, si lo quieres usar a diario, da una buena imagen por que el tama&ntilde;o se asemeja mas a lo real, el color y claridad, estan bastante bien, lo unico que puedo indicarte como un poco fastidioso, es que no permanecen juntos, tienden a moverse, el encaje no es perfecto, hay que estar jugando con ellos cuando lo tienes puestos, por lo demas pasan por reales, yo se los compre a mi cu&ntilde;ada en Cuba, y ella quedo fascinada. <end>  A King Amongst Rings  I very much so liked this ring, and so did my fiance. I Used this ring to propose to her. It is a very beautiful ring and will most definately refer it to a friend. <end>  Great ring  Great ring, this fit our exact needs. Since this is our second marriage, my Fiance and I decided we didnt need to spend a ton of money on rings or anything like that. Its the thought and look that matter. This ring fits the bill, The stone is a bit large, but that is my only negative comment. Gift box was cool, delivery was VERY fast. AWESOME! <end>  Wonderful Service  I really liked the ring but I didn't keep it because it didn't fit right. I will definitely order from Gem Avanue again if I need something. The refund was handled very promptly. Thank you <end>  Great replacement  I bought this for my friend's daughter. She was only married one month and her wedding ring was stolen! She was robbed at gunpoint, out on a main street in broad daylight! The robber took her wedding ring and all the possessions she had on her. I was so hurt for her. A new bride and her ring was gone!!!Well, I took it upon myself to get this ring for her until she can afford to get a real one. She loves it so much! At first she wanted to replace it because she feared she might get robbed again. It looks that good! She decided not to return it because she is so fond of it. <end>  very nice  i bought this set because i've been on a 'bling thing'. this was a nice set & looked good. nice sparkle, it just didn't seem to fit together very well. the rings were always apart. my daughter loves it tho, she's wearing just the engagement ring & it's flashing! <end>  I HATE IT!!!!!!  I hate this ring, I just recieved it a few days ago and I can't wait to return it, the cz is waay to big and fake looking, you can see the glue all around the smaller cz's and their aligned crooked......I HATE IT PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS RING EVEN IF IT IS ONLY 20 BUCKS!!!!! <end>  Beautiful  I was a little worried at first because of some of the mixed reviews and really the whole buying jewelry over the internet thing but, I feel I made a great buy for the price. It looks nice, both peices fit to each other and It came in a nice little gift box. What more do you want? I am very happy with my purchase and Im sure my girlfriend will be too! <end>  Ok i guess  When I first got the ring, I was ecstatic. It was beautiful, looked absolutely real and made some of my coworkers jealous ;) but maybe two weeks of wearing it, one of the stones came out of the little ring (the one that just has the four little stones on it, not the big stone) and actually cut my finger! But it does look great for the price paid. <end>  yuck  Was really disappointed with this ring. The picture looks much better than the real thing. Looks very fake to me. <end>  angie for tucson az  this ring is not so great one is a little bit bigger then the other they dont stay together dont even wear them would'nt order again disapointed <end>  beautiful piece  This ring set is gorgeous..i wear it occasionally(in places where I dont feel safe to wear my wedding ring) but usually I m worried that people would think this is the real deal and will try to rob me off it..(one has to be extremely careful in certain areas of houston) anyways the sparkle is a-must-see!!The stones look real and not 'fake and big' but actually good artsmanship..for $25 it doesnt get any better than this set <end>  Looks cheap  This ring set looks very nice in the picture. But, upon receiving it looks very cheap, and the two pieces do not stay together. Most of the reviews were good, so I thought it would be much better. Won't wear this one much. <end>  What a Beauty  I bought this to wear since my Wedding band is a family heirloom. I'm so pleased with the realness of it, and it has a lot of fire. Doesn't feel cheap in anyway, and the ring is very true to size. I would definitely purchase from them again. Thanks for the super fast shipment also! <end>  Rhodium Plated 925 Sterling Silver Band, Cubic Zirconia  Very nice ring, looks real, good quality too.I am very satisfied. <end>  Looks and fits GREAT!  Got this ring set so I could avoid unwanted attention when away from my boyfriend  ) it looks very real and hasn't even tarnished or anything! Couldn't have asked for better without buying the real thing! <end>  Nice price for a ring  Shipping was very fast. Ring looks amazing except the center stone is loose in the setting and the prongs look a little wimpy. I still like this ring even though I know it's not the real thing. It makes me feel glamorous, and it shines almost as nicely as my real one. I bought this one for when my real set is getting fixed. <end>  i love it  i love this ring my boyfirend give it to me when he had ask me to marry him <end>  ...  I love this ring and i work at walmart so you can imagine the kind of compliments i get on it.tho in the pic it shows that it sets inside of each other i think i will have to take it to a jewelry welder to do that but im not sure how to do it to look like the pic but im sure he will but when i get compliments and tell them how much it is no one belives the it is 16.99 instead of 1699 thanks gem avenue i will def. brag about you my mother in-law wants one now and she is gonna get one like it too. <end>  Looks like the real thing!  "Great ring set,quick shipping and item is exactly as shown! I am going to use it in place of my wedding rings while I am at work so I don't ruin my real ones. However, you would never know it is not real. Very sparkly!" <end>  great ring for the price!  i love this ring,very pretty and has great sparkle.the side stones are set a little unevenly but its only noticable if brought very close to the eye.also recieved it within 3days of being shipped from the seller on the earlyest date stated.very happy with my purchase. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring was way beyond what i expected. Its absolutely beautiful and i would definitely buy from you again. Thank you so much!! <end>
 B000MQGCN6  1.75 Carats Genuine Emerald Cut London Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful and Big  Love the pendant - the stone is big and just beautiful. Just love the way it sparkles.Matches great with earrings I also purchased(2.00 Carats Oval Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Earrings in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish) <end>
 B000MQGCSQ  1.50 Carats Trillion Cut Genuine London Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Pendant Necklace ||	  absoltely beautiful and at a great price. .  The quality really shows and I am very impressed. I have already bought 2 for members of my family and friends. <end>
 B000MQJ206  2.00 Carats Princess Cut Genuine Swiss Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  Horrific customer service!  I bought this pretty ring thinking it could be sized and not knowing what ring size my friend is... (it did say in some of the specs--which were quite lengthy--that it could not be sized but I didn't realize that until later). The ring (size 9) was too big to fit me or my friend and I contacted Peora's customer service to send it back or exchange it...after 1 email they stopped communicating and I'm stuck with it. I've tried to reach them several times but they just ignore me--I buy quite a bit of jewelry and while theirs is pretty, I'll never buy there again! Simply not worth the hassle. <end>  Absolutely beautiful - VERY reasonable price.  I purchased this ring as an 8th grade graduation gift for my daughter. I was/am very pleased with the quality of the ring. It's very pretty and my daughter absolutely loves it. <end>
 B000MQJSZA  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond Heart Ring ||	  silver heart ring  was very happy with the product look exactly like the picture. Was beautiful, shine and very clear. would definately buy another. <end>  Beautiful ring....  After reading all the reviews I thought I would give this ring a try and was not disappointed  ) I can't believe how beautiful and sparkly it is for such an amazing price.....if you're thinking of getting this ring don't think just buy you won't be disappointed! <end>  Buy it!!!  My ring is pretty,sparkley,and just the right size for me,I wear a size 5 on my ring fingers,both hands.It's much prettier than the pic.Hope it stays as just like it is ,have only worn it a couple of days.Have bought rings for 5 times as much as I gave for this one and not liked them nearly as well.CZ's are some of the best I've seen!And,since it can be sized ,you dont have to worry about the fit,however mine is true to size.Thanks Amazon,also the shipping was fast!!! <end>  sterling silver CZ heart ring  I ordered this ring for my sister for Mother's day and I had to order one for myself! The heart shape is simple and the CZ stones have lots of sparkle. The ring is light and you don't even feel it on your finger. It is nice addition to anyone who likes sterling silver. I have ordered several rings from Amazon and I want the CZ to at least look and sparkle like the real thing. You will love this ring. Amazon has an easy return policy and makes it nice to shop knowing that. Have fun shopping........ <end>  Loved this ring  This is a great ring. It fits comfortably and looks way more expensive than it was. I wear it with my real diamonds and it is great. <end>  **PERFECT**  Bought this as a gift for my GF, have NOT presented it to her however, I KNOW she is going to love it.The quality is wonderful and the ring is BEAUTIFUL!{will post a pic soon}If you're thinking of buying it.. BUY IT! <end>  Very Nice!!!!!!!!!  I bought this ring for my Mother for Mother's Day and I have to say it is very pretty and shines. I was so surprised, looks just like the picture. <end>  In love!  I know there are SO many reviews so it's sort of unncessary that I write this. But I am obsessed with this ring. It's so beautiful. I got it a few days ago and I haven't taken it off. I get so many compliments. Such a great price and looks like it costs way more. It's the perfect size, not too big to wear every day and not too small! <end>  Beautiful Ring  I would recommend this to anyone who falls in love with it as soon as they see it on Amazon. When it arrived I was so happy that it looked just like the picture with some bling. I've received lots of compliments on this ring. Also, the size of the heart is great for small hands. I have a small hand and it doesn't overpower my finger. I absolutely love this ring. <end>  Heart Shaped Ring  This is a beautiful ring that I will wear for formal ocassions and feel well dressed. It is not too large but shines as if it cost much more than it did. It is sterling silver with cubic zirconia stones, so if misplaced it can be replaced at little cost. <end>  Adorable  Love this little ring and the price was great too. I wear it a lot...it goes with everytthing. It's cute and comfortable. <end>  delicate beauty  This ring is very beautiful and delicate, it fits perfectly, the only downfall is that its not made out of the metal i was expecting, i was expecting something more hardy, but this is quite delicate. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I love this ring. An 8 was a tad too big, but the 7 would have been too small, so I'm satisfyed. Worth the price. <end>  Beautiful Ring at a Beautiful Price ... = )  With Christmas upon us, I thought, why not treat myselfto a small trinket (with an even smaller price tag ...)I really wasn't expecting too much, just wanted a littlesomething new, for the Holidays. This Ring is perfect ...Its not too big, not too small, perfect band width, too.Its almost as pretty as some of my best White Gold pieces.Only you (and your Wallet) need to know the difference!Since its only Sterling Silver, when you're not wearing theRing, I'd suggest sealing it tightly in a small plastic bag.This keeps out the elements, so your Ring will stay perfect!Ladies, if you're looking for a very dainty slice of bling,This is a pretty cute Gift ... I highly recommend this Ring! <end>  Sterling Siver Heart Ring  I have been looking for this ring in my size for a long time, the while surfing Amazon, I found it. I am so happywith the quality and look. It's exactly what I wanted and the right size. Thanks Amazon <end>  Love it  Love it very cute! Doesn't make my finger green. Heart shape is not too big or too small. Definetly I would recommend it. <end>  Love it!  I read the reviews before buying this ring, and I was somewhat worried because there were negative things said about it. I think the ring is perfect. It looks just like the picture. I wear the ring almost every day, and get so many compliments on it. Definitely a great buy for the price! <end>  Beautiful Sparkle  This ring is absolutely beautiful! Looks just like the picture. It looks really real, too. There's a definite sparkle factor here! <end>  Slight flaw  I got this ring last night. It is a pretty ring, however, the heart is slightly crooked on the band. It was only $16 so I don't feel like going through the hassle of getting something to ship it back in, or paying to do so. I will keep it and wear it because I do really like it, it is just a little weird looking on my finger. Probably not something most people would notice if not studying it.Also, I wish there would have been half sizes, it fits on my finger but is loose, and the size down would be too small.Shipping time was as stated. <end>  Pretty Good  It was worth what I paid for it. It made a nice gift to keep a loved one happy and jolly. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring was much more than I thought it was going to be. Its very shiny and I get lots of compliments on it. I'd buy as a gift for my friends. <end>  LOVE  This ring is AWESOME!!!!It looks just like the picture. It is BEAUTIFUL! For the price you just can't beat it. <end>  Very Nice.  I was really surprised with how nice this looked when it arrived. The band felt solid and the heart part of the ring is in very good taste and does not look fake or tin like. The only concern is that though the mount appears solid, the little mounting wires that keep the face part of the ring up could bend when jamming your hands into your jeans pocket too hard, but if careful should be no problem. For the price, get it as it definitely looks like it would be worth a lot more. <end>  Lovin it  For the price, I thought I was going to get something cheap,, to my surprise, it is very much like the picture maybe even nicer in person,, well made and sparkles,,, I have only had it for a week , as of now,, I am loving it and maybe more knowing what I paid for it.. <end>   )  I love it!I got as Valetin day gift! I looking forward for more in future. Show me more jewlry <end>  stunning  I got this ring because of all the good reviews and the picture and look's really nice and real. would recommend. Also it is true to size. <end>  Heart Ring  I love the size of the setting. It is not too big or too small. I have wanted one just this size for a long time. <end>  Great ring!  This has a great quality for the price offered. I Would purchace similar items if offered and recommend to friends. <end>  love!  i LOVE this ring! i use it all the time for different events. super cute and not too flashy yet doesn't look cheap! <end>  A Love Meditation Ring  2-9-2013 A Love Meditation RingI received this ring a day before the expected delivery date. When I opened the envelope that it came in, I was astonished to find a beautiful black box containing an elegant black ring box. When I opened the ring box, I was delighted to find this "five star" ring just as beautiful as over a hundred other reviewers had reviewed it.My ring size is 6 ; and I ordered this in a 6 because most of my rings are 7 (in the summer, at least with top-heavy stone rings; they are too big for my ring finger). This heart ring fit me just perfect and looks so balanced and feminine on my hand.I use my rings and other beautiful articles for meditation, to help me overcome paranoid delusions. Here is the meditation I wrote for this ring As my heart is filled with love ---I will sparkle and shine.It is the purity of my loveThat stands the test of time.Only Our Father in Heaven aboveKnows `purity-in-hearts' of others and mine.The Poet <end>  Beautiful ring!  Purchased the ring a few months ago. I was very pleasantly surprised upon receipt. It is one of the best looking pieces of costume jewelry I have ever seen for the price. After almost three months of everyday use, it still looks as good as the day I got it. I would give it 10 stars if possible. <end>  LOVE!!  I bought this ring in December 2011, it still shines and looks great! Buy it, you'll love it too! A few people have even thought it was real  )update 5/29/12This ring is still in excellent condition!! It has not faded or tarnished. I love it!! <end>  SIMPLY STUNNING !!!  My ring came in todays mail (Dec 17) I was certainly anticipating this GIFT TO ME. Still, I was a bit apprehensive about the size I picked. I've had the worst luck with ring sizing lately. ALL RING SIZE CHARTS ARE NOT THE SAME .. so it seems. BUT, This size 6 fits perfect. I am wearing it on my right hand, ring finger. Normally your right hand is supposed to be larger than your left (if you are right handed and vice versa for lefties). But, I am discovering as I shop online, My right hand is a 6 and my left is a 7 even though I am right-handed. THE TRULY NICE THING ABOUT THIS RING IS THAT IT'S SIZABLE. MANY RINGS OFFERED ONLINE ARE NOT... UNLESS YOU ARE SHOPPING ON A JEWELERS WEBSITE. This ring is very stunning and it sparkles like diamonds. It's brillance is breathtaking. I am so GLAD I purchased this ring. I might invest in a matching pendant and bracelet and earrings. I recommend this item for yourself or as a gift. BUY IT YOU WON'T REGRET IT. <end>  Beautiful!!!!!!!!  This ring is beautiful and i've got plenty of compliments since i've been wearing it. It fits well and the picture doesn't do this ring justice. Its absolutely gorgeous. You will not be disappointed with this ring. <end>  beautiful.. perfect for index or middle finger  This ring is gorgeous. I wouldn't recommend for the ring finger.. may be too big.. but for the index or middle finger it is the perfect size.. like the other reviews say i get lots of compliments on it.. wonderful ring =] <end>  Perfect  I love love love this ring!!!! It fits perfectly and i bought it at a great price and it came super fast! I was very satisfied with my purchase and highly recommend it! <end>  Beautiful ring  This is truly a beautiful ring. The cubic zirconias sparkle and shine giving the appearance of a much more expensive ring. The price was great, too. I'm sure my Mom will enjoy it as one of her Christmas gifts. <end>  So Pretty..  I got this ring for my birthday and I love it, I cannot imagine a woman not adoring this ring. <end>  Beautiful looks like diamonds  Like this ring so much that I lost it and bought a second one ....people actually think they are diamonds it doesn't gets like black or anything I have it now for 5 months and still looks new  ) <end>  Beautiful  As everyone says, it is way prettier in person. I am in love with this ring! The 8 is a little big on me but that is better than too tight! <end>  Dazzling Heart Ring  I received my Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Heart Ring,Size 6. I tried the ring on and it fits and is so brilliant in color. It was received promptly. My son, Mark, had given me a Amazon gift card and I had fun shopping via Amazon.com. It was very easy, fast, and totally enjoyed the experience. <end>  LOVE IT!!!!  I recieved this ring today,and it is gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!Im glad i purchased it and it was cheap.Good buy i recommend this to anyone. <end>  nice product  really nice product. i brought this for my mother and fiancee and they both loved it. for the price, it is really worth it. <end>  Gorgeous! +great presentation!  I buy lots of things on Amazon but only the best are review-worthy!Reviews and pictures don't lie, BUY THIS RING!First of all, I purchased this ring alongside another at the same time and though they were delivered in the same box they were presented very differently! The other ring (as beautiful as it was Sterling Silver Oval-Shaped Aquamarine Ring, Size 9) was just in a little plastic zipped-bag--hardly the service I knew of Amazon; all the jewelry I've purchased prior from Amazon were in AT LEAST one of the velvet drawstring bags.But then there was this. This rather large blue box in juxtaposition to that measly plastic bag, sealed with adhesive tape at the bottom. I got excited. Peeled off the tape, opened the lid, saw a gorgeous blue velvet ring box. Got even more excited. Opened the lid, no turning back...I was speechless. This ring is so gorgeous, sparkling in the light, and much bigger than I expected (See pictures!). It's a bit obvious that it's CZ... Diamonds aren't THAT flashy. But the ring is well constructed  very sturdy, nice weight and feel to the band. Doesn't look like a $20 ring! The ring box was definitely a very nice touch, something I was not expecting when I ordered it... if only I hadn't ordered it for myself! (Hint, gentlemen!) It made up for the mishap of the other ring.Amazon, you outdid yourselves on this ring. Bravo! Would buy again and again! <end>  Adorable ring  The heart ring is so attractive on my hand. Everytime I gaze upon it there is awarm feeling of happiness. It is truly what was advertised. <end>  Love it  Love this ring it is so pretty plenty of bling if u like that sort of thing only thing i dont like about it's real light but a great ring fits great and the setting of the stones makes it look like a real diamond ring! <end>  Smaller than what I was expecting  The ring looks small when you put it on but it feels comfortable. It's not too small that it's not noticeable anymore. It's classy and sparkles really nice. <end>  Just Beautiful!  The ring is petite without being too small, and has plenty of sparkle. I have had several compliments on it already, and the stones are well-cut and sparkle just like genuine diamonds. A very classy looking piece, and durable enough to wear on a regular basis. I ordered a size 6 and found it to be true to size. I could not be more pleased. This item did earn its multiple 5 star reviews! <end>  I LOVE IT!  I have been searching for a sterling silver heart ring for the longest. When I seen this ring on Amazon at this price, I figured it would be worth a try. When I opened the package and finally saw the ring, I was highly impressed. As some of the other reviewers have said, the quality of it makes it look as if I spent hundreds maybe thousands on it. It is gorgeous! If you're considering and contemplating whether or not you should purchase it, I highly recommend that you go ahead and give it a try. You will love it! The shipping and delivery was very fast as well. The ring + the seller = a great experience. <end>  SO Cute  I love this ring; I'm wearing it right now. It looks just like the picture, and is well-made so that it resembles more expensive brands. It doesn't scratch or catch on clothing, either. <end>  Beautiful Ring  Very beautiful ring for the price...it looks like a ring that cost a lot more! it is prettier than the photos and not to big for small hands. <end>  Love it  i GAVE MY mil THIS RING FOR CHRISTMAS AND SHE ABSOLUTELU LOVES IT AND IT HAS BEEN A YEAR AND IT STILL LOOKS THE SAME. iT IS AS IT APPEARS IN THE PIC. TRUE TO SIZE <end>  It is beautiful!  I am really surprised at how well it is made and how much it sparkles. I love hearts and will wear it always. <end>  great  It was a very awesome gift, I got it for my Sister on her birthday, an she was so happy .so I think its great. <end>  Love the ring  I wanted to replace another old ring and was afraid I wouldn't like it but I love it! I got the ring quicker than I thought. <end>  Would have paid $10  I do like the ring but I feel like paying $15.00 was not worth it. It looks better in the picture and I feel like I am playing dress-up when I wear it. Overall, it's an ok buy if the price was a little cheaper. <end>  Cute as can be.  I purchased this ring for my niece a few weeks ago. The heart is a bit larger than I anticipated, but it was feminine and pretty and perfect for a tween. Highly recommended. <end>  Beautiful  Beautiful ring good quality great price. recieved compliment first day I wore it.. Nice thick band and pretty setting love it <end>  beautiful ring  I received this ring earlier this week (very prompt delivery) and am so happy with it! It's beautiful and shiny and not too big or too small. It is sparkly and looks great on my hand. I think it is definitely a beautiful piece for the cost. <end>  Cute, cute!  This cute, casual right hand ring has garnished many compliments. I'm not trying to trick anyone into thinking the stones are authentic; it's a fun piece. <end>  beautiul  I must say I was surprised when I saw the ring I didn't think it would be that nice. Ordered another for my sister. Totally worth the money. <end>  Heart Ring  This is a great classy ring looks very elegant. Very comfortable.Great design Fantastic for the money.Great gift.Love it for valentines day or anniversary present. <end>  Beautiful  It is a beautiful ring and great for the price. They shipped it right away and arrived before expected date. <end>  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Heart Ring  This is a classy ring, its looks expensive, but it is very affordable. Just Love this ring! You can wear it for casual or dress. <end>  Wonderful buy  this ring looked great when it arrived and I'm excited about my wife seeing it on Valentine's Day 2013! Very nice size as well. <end>  Sterling silver cubic zirconia heart ring.  I have worn this sterling silver cubic zirconia heart ring often and I get all kinds of compliments on it. <end>  QUALITY ELEGANT RING - AFFORDABLE PRICE  The shipping process is superior. The refreshing sparkle ring arrived quick in excellent condition. The "red carpet" ring is perfect for prom, weddings, special affairs or a simple casual night out! <end>  Nice ring  Beautiful ring! I love how it sparkles in the light. It is actually better than I expected, and I wear it every day. <end>  Really Pretty!!!!  I was very surprised how pretty this ring was when I opened the velvet bag it came it. Very nice quality and for $15, are you kidding me?! I never found a ring at such a low price that looked this good! <end>  lovely ring  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Heart Ring, Size 8Amazon Curated Collection...looks more expensive that it costs. My daughter loved it. <end>  "I Love Hearts"  I love hearts or should I say heart shaped items. The ring is gorgeous. It has just enough bling to give the appearance of looking real. It's not heavy either. It's a must have if you simply love hearts. <end>  Fabulous!  I am extremely picky about rings and I've returned about ten rings in the last three months, but this one is going to stay on my finger. It is so much nicer than the picture and truly looks like real diamonds. I was surprised how comfortable it is. I never take it off. Love love love it!!! For the price it would make a great gift too! <end>  eye catcher  love,love this ring just the right size, every time I have worn this ring everyone that has seen it comments on how pretty it is. Very much worth the money. <end>  It's SPARKLY!  I just got my ring today, and cannot stop staring at it. I love how shiny and sparkly it is. . . especially in the sun! The size is a little bit too big, but that was my own fault for not knowing what size to get. Ladies, you will love this ring! It's big and beautiful!  ) <end>  Came back for more!  I ordered this ring for my sister for christmas, it came and I was so pleased with how pretty it was I purchased 2 more! Both sisters and my aunt are very happy with this ring and receive plenty of compliments on it! I'm planning on buying myself one to match ;) definitely a great purchase! <end>  Excellent Quality for the Price  The ring was everything the ad promised and more. My daughter just loved it. It's really pretty and very sparkly--not at all cheaply made--or at least it doesn't look like it. Very happy with the ring. <end>  Great Ring  I am really pleased with this ring. Great size, not too small and not too big. Lots of sparkle. Pretty setting also. It would work for ages teens and up. Great value for the price. <end>  Brilliant ring!  This ring fit perfect (size 7). This ring certainly looks to have real diamonds. The cubic zirconia's sparkle in and out of the light. It's simply gorgeous! <end>  Great Deal...Awesomely Happy  I presented this ring to my wife, and she was really happy with it. Got a compliment on the very first day at a restaurant. She says that the ring looks sparkly giving it a diamond like look!! It is a simple but elegant ring. Highly recommended. Unless the girl is super picky, she is bound to love this ring. <end>  Heart ring  This ring was exactly as described and pictured on web-site. The heart shape was a little smaller than expected but still is beautiful. I would order from this seller again. <end>  Nice, overall  The ring is nice, and even nicer for the price. However, I don't think it looks as nice in person as it does on the photo. I bought this ring as a gift for my mother and I'm sure that she will love it, but it wasn't quite what I was expecting based on the other reviews. <end>  LOVE it.  This ring looks so pretty on my finger and I often get distracted by its sparkle when I'm out in the sun or under light. I was giggling at my mom the other day because it sparkles more than her own wedding ring. The only thing that would make this ring better is if it were white gold rather than sterling silver. But then I guess it wouldn't be $25, huh. <end>  Beautiful Heart Ring  I saw this ring on amazon and pointed it out to my husband since my birthday was coming up. It looks just as beautiful (if not more) in person as it does in the photo. Everyone commented how expensive looking and gorgeous it was. Get this ring, it definitely doesn't disappoint! <end>  ring  The ring is wonderful! Better in person  ) I recommened you to buy this ring it's worth the price and really fast shipping! <end>  Stunning!  This ring arrived on time and is absolutely beautiful! It looks just like the picture depicts and is true to size. It is a great ring especially when you consider the price. I would definitely recommend it! <end>  she didn't like it  I bought this for a friend and she didn't like it. If I hadn't thrown away the receipt, I would return the item. However, in the past, I have always been pleased with any purchase. <end>  Buyer beware  So disappointed! The photographs are a bit misleading. The band is thinner and the heart smaller. And worst of all the ring isn't as resilient in person. It looks tacky and dinky and I will return ASAP!! <end>  Ehh...  I ordered this ring based on all the wonderful reviews. I was disappointed when I saw it in person. Firstly, the ring looks dullish, and not sparkly and 'real' as some others said. Secondly, being a fair-skinned person, the ring looks washed out on my finger. (It makes my hand look pale.) Perhaps this ring is good for a young person -such as a person in their teens (maybe for a teen boyfriend to give to a teen girlfriend etc.) However, for someone more sophisticated, this ring just doesn't cut it. I would also not recommend this ring for a fair skinned person. It may look better on someone with darker skin. <end>  Love EEkkk  This ring is so pretty in person. Much better than the pic. Everyone who sees it wants it. I get loads of complements and I am very happy with the purchase. <end>  heart ring  Very cute ring. true to size- fits well and looks nice. Would recommend to a friend. Also goes well with Lia Sophia heart jewelry at half the price. <end>  Bought It For My Granddaughter  I purchased this cute little ring for my 11 yr. old granddaughter. I ordered a size 5, and she wears it on her middle finger. Fortunately, she loved it. I had planned to keep it as a pinky ring for myself if she didn't like it. It's very well made, and is a great buy for the price. <end>  Quite a beauty  I will definitely say this is one beautiful ring, and when lighting hits it.. how it shines. A well made ring considering I was surprised to see a China stamp on the band but as long as its 925 I am pleased as I love to wear silver rings. Still a very impressive appearance for being a cheaper priced ring as I find I get compliments while I wear it out. <end>  Great ring  I love this ring. I get lots of good thing said about it when I wear it. The product go with very thing. <end>  Great Ring  I get tons of compliments on his ring! Great quality... Especially for the price.I planned to wear this ring to a party, but I liked it so much that I wear it a lot. <end>  Beautiful ring !!!!!!!!!  MY SON BOUGHT THIS RING FOR ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY, THE PICTURE DOESN'T DO THIS RING JUSTICE YOU HAVE TO SEE IT FOR YOURSELF IT'S BEAUTIFUL. THANKS AMAZON FAST SHIPPING WILL PURCHASE FROM AGAIN  )  )  ) <end>  heart ring  Love this ring! It's the perfect size heart... beautiful  ) I wear it with everything and I always get compliments on it. <end>  love it!  When my boyfriend told me he was looking for a promise ring to give me I promply showed him to this ring. Now that I have it I love it. It sparkles and shines; making me very pleased he chose this ring. <end>  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS RING!  I received this ring for my birthday. I could not believe how this ring sparkles. It is just the right size, not too little but not too big. It is beautiful and I can not imagine that anyone would not like it. Amazon knocked it out of the park with this ring. <end>  very pleased  very pleased with this purchase .... i have had this ring for over two months and its still sparkly and shiny... <end>  Beautiful!  Got my ring on Monday, 12/17/12. It's simply beautiful. The cz's are the perfect size. The ring fits perfectly on my ring finger. Not too big and definitely not too small. You will love this ring. <end>  Beautiful!!!!!  When I opened the packaging I immediately fell in love with this ring. I ordered this ring as a pinkie ring and it's just Beautiful!!!! I've received lots of compliments as it looks like the real thing. I don't know about you but I'm not telling where I got it... But that's just like me. LOVE IT,,,, <end>  Nice  My 13 year old daughter is getting it for christmas.It is just as big as it looks in the photo. Seems solid. Not a little thin piece of crap like u would expect for such a low price. <end>  Perfect gift for that speacial someone  I Bought this beautiful 925 cubic zicornia heart ring no complaints got on time even a day early it is beautiful highly recomend A+++ <end>  Fantastic  I think my ring is classy and beautiful. It looks and feels high quality. I love the ring! I get lots of compliments and everyone wants to know where I got it! <end>  Silver Cubic Heart Ring  After reading the other reveiws on this item I decided to purchase this ring. It is a very nice ring but the band is very small and thin. I have had it for two weeks and so far I am happy with it. <end>  Nice casual piece  Perfect for everyday wear. Not too flashy, but enough sparkle to be noticed. Might buy again for a gift. Doesn't discolor but its not so easy to clean because of the hollow inside. <end>  Nice Ring  I like the ring a lot. it is pretty but not garish and works well with most outfits. Well made also. <end>  love love love it  YES YES YES LOVE LOVE LOVE IT GEEEZ WHAT THE HECK I SAID I LOVE IT ALREADY I GOT IT <end>  Sterling Silver Diamond Heart Ring  I LOVE THIS RING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Beautiful and classy! I have gotten so many complements!! I even bought one for my niece's 16th birthday!! <end>  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond Ring  Love this ring...bought it for myself.....it got great reviews and I'm giving it another.....shipping was quick. I've had it for about a months now and it's still got it's glitter <end>  BEAUTIFUL  love the ring, got it for my 9 yr old daughter for Valentines day and she lost it already. Ticked off! still like the ring though <end>  Sterlin Silver simulated Diamond Heart Ring  I was very disappointed with this ring, it was so very small,I like larger ringsThe ad should give dimensions so a viewer can &#34;see&#34;the actual ring size. <end>  Ring  I love this ring fits just right and I showed my daughter the ring and she loved it as well. Great for everyday wear and the price was great.. <end>  love it!  Still wearing the ring with one diamond missing, still get great compliments with this ring. Not to much but just right to add cuteness to the hand. <end>  Great ring for the $  This ring is really nice! Not to big, not to small. It has a nice sparkle and looks good on the hand. You really can't beat it for the price. It is sterling silver, with the 925 stamp. Got it a few days before Valentine's Day, so far so good. The stones sparkle and are set into the heart. I think it's a wonderful buy! <end>  Stunning!  This was a great purchase! Its a beautiful piece to give to a love one or to a special someone! A great find at a low price! <end>  Love this  I have only had this ring for about 5 days, but I am in love with it. It's simple, but so pretty. It's sparkly and pretty. I have worn it everyday and it's just perfect. It's not too big. It's the perfect ring for my right hand for everyday. It looks real. In love with it <end>  very very pretty ring  I originally bought it for a gift but it is so cute that I think I will keep it for my self! Thank you! <end>  Gorgeous  I must admit, I wasn't expecting this ring to look at all like the picture. When I received it, I was in shock. It looks better than the picture! The ring is absolutely gorgeous! No one would think that it is CZ. The CZ diamonds shine like authentic diamonds and the sterling silver band has a nice polish that adds to the rings' effect. I highly reccommend this ring at such a cheap price. People would think you spent some $$$ for this ring. <end>  Finger Bling  This ring is beautiful. It gives the appearance of a pricy, elegant ring but is reasonably priced and, more importantly, is comfortable to wear. I receive many compliments from co-workers and friends, some dripping with envy. <end>  CZ Heart Ring  The ring is beautiful. The price was amazingly low & it looks like a very expensive ring. Packaging, shipping & delivery were excellent. I would highly recommend this product. <end>  Attractive Ring  If it were large oval shaped, this ring would look a lot like Bella's(Twilight) engagement ring. It looks excellent on the hand. It has low profile, 1/2" in diameter, heart. The beadwork and milgrain in the heart photographs a little darker.The, highly polished, band is narrower than photographed. I would have preferred the wider band as shown. The setting is very lightweight silver, but it's not flimsy. The band looks like white gold...it's definitely plated. The stones are bead set and done well. This ring doesn't catch on your clothing. Comfortable wearing.It's an elegant looking ring. Each stone is approximately 1/10ct. In totality, the ring appears 1 1/2cttw.I'd bet most people complimenting you, will assume you're wearing diamond. For me, I like both diamond, and the CZ...which is a beautiful stone in it's own right. I mix and match both sparklers. I paired this ring with a very narrow diamond eternity band. They look great together. My only reason for not giving 5 stars, I wish the silver setting were heavier weight solid silver; it is a very lightweight ring, but I'm not complaining. This ring gives a good look for a small pricetag. <end>  Silver Heart Rocks  I bought this ring with no expectations. To my delight it was better than I could have imagined, the picture doesn't do it justice. It's a sturdy, not flimsy, little ring and the heart is a great size, not to small. The cz's are better than I thought they would be and look like real diamonds. It's a great ring to add to your sterling silver collection! <end>  Beautiful Ring  I bought this for my 17 year old daughter who had seen a small heart shaped ring at the Coach store and liked the style. This one was much cheaper and ended up being so much prettier! It's really an eye catching ring, doesn't look cheap and sparkles beautifully. I am actually ordering her a second ring since she will be leaving for college next month and is worried about losing it. I think she'll like knowing there is a spare ring at home just in case and for the price it's not a big deal. She wears this ring on her right ring finger instead of her high school ring because she loves it that much. I would suggest this ring for any fan of hearts and a little bit of bling! <end>  Ring is Not Silver!!  I have ordered this ring twice, the first time it started turning a very dark grey color so I returned it thinking I loved it so much I would give it another try. I have had my new ring for two weeks and the same thing is happening. I love the design of this ring, but very disapointed that it is not real silver,only plated. <end>  just too cute!!!!  this ring is absolutely just too cute!!! it fits perfect and true to size. the heart is beautiful and perfectly shaped. and it sparkles like diamonds. it is all i expected and would recommend it to anyone who wanted a beautiful ring at a more than reasonable price. <end>  HEART RING  THIS RING IS DAINTY, AND ELEGANT!!!! I ORDRED THIS RING FOR A PINKY RING AND IT IS ABSOULETLY STUNNING!!! AS USUAL AMAZON YOU'VE DONE IT AGAIN!!!!! ITEM RECEIVED AS DESCRIBED, FAST, PROMPT DELIVERY!!!!! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!!!!!! <end>  So beautiful!!  This ring looks beautiful. It arrived in a timely manner, fits great and really attracts a lot of compliments  ) <end>  Beautiful  What a beautiful ring. When I received my ring I was so happy and wore it the same day . Everyone really thought its a cute ring <end>  Heart Ring  beautiful, sparkly, looks more expensive than it is...glad i purchased it..................this is too much to write.....i like it period.amen and amen <end>  Love it!  I absolutely love this ring. It look soo much better than the picture. I was excited to add it to my little collection. <end>  love it!  I don't like big, gaudy jewelry. This is a little smaller than the width of my finger, so it isn't too big for my taste. I've had it for a while and it isn't warping or tarnishing. Would definitely order it again <end>  love this ring!  looks so much better in person.havent taken it off since i received it.its a very beautiful shiny piece if jewelry. <end>  Fabulous!!  This was a gift for my daughter, she loved it! I want to order one for myself! Such great quality for the price. The cz sparkle like real diamonds. You honestly can not tell the diamonds are not real!! <end>  Great gift!  I received it in a small box, inside a very nice little bag. It looks incredibly good. An amazing item for an excellent price. It was a perfect gift! <end>  Looks like a more expensive ring  I love this ring. It was very inexpensive but looks like it would have cost more. Very pleased with my purchase. <end>  awesome  This is even nicer in person. Shipped very quick and I love it. I get compliments every time I wear it. <end>  simply beautiful  I got this for my 13 year old daughter. It is just beautiful! Seems very well made and she just beamed when she saw it . And it is such a great price that I dont have to freak out about her wearing it to school! You wont be disappointed . <end>  love the sterling heart ring!  I bought this cute little ring for my little fashionista 7 year old for a Christmas present. She hasn't seen it yet, but I know she is going to love it!! It is perfect and came really fast, now I just have to wait a few more weeks to give it to her! <end>  Is a beautiful little ring! I like very much.  beautiful ring. I love it. it is very sparkley. I wear it on my index finger of right hand so it is sparkley all the time. <end>  Sad daughter  I am thinking this ring is not silver! I ordered this ring for my daughter's 16th birthday, thinking it was sterling silver and was ok with the CZ not real diamonds. It has already started turning a very dark grey color on the band and is only a little over 1 month old. I checked today to see about returning it and it is 5 days past. I love the design of this ring, love the bling, but very disapointed that it is not real silver,only plated. <end>  Beautiful  Beautiful ring for the price. My only regret is that it does not come in a half size. The size six is tight and a size seven is too big. I am very satisfied with my purchase. The ring is worn with great pride. I love this ring. <end>  Heart ring  I recieved the ring and was not dissapointed.I will have to see if it holds up and stays this pretty. If so, I would give it a 5 star. Time will tell the story. But as far as its appearance it is a pretty ring. And of course I shop all the time on Amazon! <end>  do not undestand other high rated reviews  I bought this ring after closely checking out many positive reviews. OMG, the ring itself is a keychain. It scratches ugly period. I can stand the quality of the heart shaped stone that didn't shine as much I hoped it would but for the price I paid, I am fine with that. The ring part of this product was a total disappoiintment. The other ring I bought based on positive reviews turned out satisfactory BUT not this ring. I am really lost with this product I received. Maybe I just got a bad luck with a bad batch or something. <end>  heart ring  This is a gorgeous ring. I have gotten so many compliments. It is so sparkly and looks so real, I love it! <end>  Heart ring  Pleasantly suprised with the overall looks of the ring. Grand daughter loved it. Good value. Cubic zirconia are dazzling and well put together. <end>  Absolutely Loved it!!!!  This ring is gorgeous. I haven't taken it off since I recieved it. It hasn't turned colors, cubic zirconia still shining. I absolutely love it. The shipping was super fast. Recieved it when when stated. I would highly recommend this ring. <end>  Couldn't be HAPPIER!  This product I only bought because I saw the other reviews and thought I would try it. Im so glad I did because its everything I wanted x10! I cant stop getting compliments either! <end>  Pretty shiny  I've worn it several times and it's held up well but it just doesn't really knock me out. A good ring to wear when I don't have another one to match my outfit. <end>  love it  i love it !!!!!! its nicer then it looks . i want to get one for my daughter also and i know shse would love it also <end>  Angelica  I chose this ring because its elegant yet simple. It is gorgeous. I love it. It was well worth the money. <end>  Beautiful ring...  Beautiful ring.... bright and sparkly! Purchased as a gift - wish I had kept it for myself! Might have to order another! <end>  Ring  This is so beautiful, again my daughter Christmas present. She loved it! It is just gorgeous, and we are showing it off to everyone. Totally happy with this ring, thanks! <end>  Promise ring for my girls  I wanted an inexpensive ring as a promise ring for my girls. This was perfect. I thought it was even prettier in person. They loved it. <end>  Wonderful Gift!  I got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she completely loved it, It shipped quickly and even came in a box and adorable little draw string bag, she loved it a lot, it is a wonderful gift and I high recommend it! <end>  Beautiful ring!  My 17 yr old son gave me this ring for Christmas and I love it! I had it on my wish list and I am so happy to have it. The photo really doesn't do it justice. It looks like a really expensive ring and is of great quality. I have already received many compliments! <end>  Gift  I got this ring as a gift for my daughter and she love it. It is just a little big for her but she will grow into it  ) <end>  It's beautiful..  The ring looks as beautiful as its shown in the pic.. Looks great .. only thing was i have a small hand and size 5 was slightly bigger for the ring finger.. <end>  Love  I absolutely love this ring, it's exactly what I wanted. Very sparkly  ) I wear it every day and get so many compliments on it. Buy it! You won't be disappointed! <end>  Great!!  I love this ring so much! I wear it everyday. Its simple and cute and doesnt look cheap at all. <end>  Love it!  I bought this ring a few months ago and absolutely love it! I love the way it sparkles-almost as if it were real diamonds. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  Perfect!  I loved it in the picture, and I loved it more once I saw it. The size 5 fit my middle finger perfectly, and I absolutely adore it. Quality for cheap. <end>  More Beautiful Than the Pictures!  I purchased this ring for myself as a small Christmas gift and I am utterly amazed! I LOVE this ring! It's so sparkly and no one can tell it is CZ. I always get looks & compliments when I wear it. It doesn't snag on clothing, it doesn't get in the way and it's just simply beautiful. I will definitely purchase more CZ in the future! <end>  Beautiful ring  Bought this at the last minute as a stocking stuffer. What a hit it was. So cute, packaged nicely, my daughter loves it! <end>  cute  This ring is very, very cute. I also bought the matching bracelet and they are both quality pieces. They're very sparkly and seem to cost more than what they are sold for. <end>  Great product  This is a great little ring. I got it for myself and have gotten a lot of compliments on it. It really looks great. <end>  Got To Get It  I ordered this ring for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas and I am so excited for her to open this gift. This ring exceeded my expectations. This is the first time I have ever written a review for anything. I always read the reviews before I purchase an item and I felt I needed to tell everyone how great this ring is. It is a very nice size and the crystals almost blind you because they are so shiny. I will report back in about a month and let everyone know how well it has held up to wearing on a daily basis. <end>  Pretty Ring  Well, just got ring today. It's pretty and looks nice on hand. However, I ordered a size 8 which is the size I've worn for many years and this ring is too big. Considered exchanging it for a size 7 but that could turn out to be too small and for the potential hassle will just wrap something around back of ring to make it fit better. The picture shows the ring part and looking more sterling silverish than it does in real life but all in all am happy with it. <end>  Love it!  I think it is Cute and i wear it most every day. It sparkles and is easy care. Really,why do I have to type so many words? <end>  Nice ring for the money  I do like the ring and intend to wear it on Valentine's Day. It is not quite as sparkly as I would have liked but is still very pretty. I really needed a 4 1/2 size, but ordered a 5 since that was the smallest they had, it is a little loose. <end>  Love this ring!!!  This ring was much more than I had anticipated for the price. It is gorgeous and the fit is true to size. <end>  It's a beauty  Gorgeous ring. I am pretty much obsessed with it. It is worth the purchase, and you will definitely love it <end>  Very Nice ring  I was very surprised when I received my ring. It is very cute and sparkles just like real diamonds. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Ring  I absolutely love my ring !! It looks like it's real and it's not to big but not small  ) <end>  Shiny!  This ring is gorgeous. I got one for each of my two little sisters and they loved them! They are super shiny and seem to be quite durable and well made. <end>  NICE RING!!  This ring came and it was packaged nicely. I opened it to find a cute ring. It actually exceeded my expectations. I had ordered other jewelry I wasnt happy with but this one was great! Have been wearing it alot and banging it around and so far stones are still in tact!!! <end>  Love the Ring!  I really like this ring! It came on time just like they said, and the cubic zirconias sparkle like diamonds. I only gave it 4 stars just because the band is a little thin. But other than that, the ring is a great value for the price! <end>  My ring is very pretty.  I know this is really just costume jewelry but it is very pretty and I enjoy it and the compliments I get every day. <end>  Beautiful  I bought this ring for my mother as a gift, and wasn't expecting much for the price, but I am in awe, my mother loves it, the ring fit like a glove, and sparkles. It's just amazing. The only thing is that the box and pouch the ring comes in, looks very cheap to give someone as a gift, but then again it is cheap. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a thoughtful gift, or just a inexpensive addition to your jewelry box. <end>  Just Beautiful and Simply Elegant  Wow. the packing was alot for a little ring but the picture does not do this ring any justice. The ring is beautiful, it shines, and perfect heart shape. I am still smiling because people assume it cost $$$. Very comfortable to wear. Great everyday ring and add a diamond bracelet with it for evening wear and WoW.. It would recommend this ring. <end>  Very nice for the price  For an under 20 dollar ring this thing is gorgeous. I dont know why ppl complain that it looks cheap, since it is cheap. But for a cheap ring it is really nice. I did buy another cheap ring at around the same price that had a cuter box, a cute box is not what I was aiming for when I got it. The one I got is shiny and looks incredible. If youre looking for something to show off and have someone believe you paid hundreds for it then this is not for you. It does look worth more 20 but I doubt anyone would believe you paid more than a 100 not even that. It is cute though lol have I said that enough. I have only had it for a day and I think if I can remember to stop washing it, it might last a while. It seems to be well made, all of the stones are securely in place and they are clear not milky/whitish. The heart shape was well shaped you can tell its a heart. I guess if you have skinny fingers it may look too big. Its bigger than I expected and my fingers are all swollen fat. Its cute and well worth the price. <end>  Love it!  This ring looks even better than the picture shown. It's very comfortable to wear. What a great buy!!! <end>  Love it!  I absolutely love this ring! I have had this ring for about a month now, and I wear it every day. I get compliments on this ring almost daily. <end>  VERY STUNNING RING!!!  This ring is true to size. It is absolutely breathtaking! I agree with the other reviews  the cubic zirconia stones look like real diamonds. They glimmer beautifully! The pictures definitely do not do the ring justice, it is must more beautiful in person. I would highly recommend this ring as a gift for a special young lady! Thank you!!! <end>  Absolutely lovely ring  No one viewing this ring would ever guess that it is so inexpensive. It is simple, very well made, and has just the right amount of sparkle and shine. <end>  Love  Gorgeous ring. It's sparkly and pretty. Arrived on time and was as advertised. Works well for casual or dressy. Love it. <end>  Awesome buy  Got the ring the week I ordered it, so that was nice, have t taken it off in two weeks and it's in perfect condition. Very sparkly doesn't look cheap <end>  cute for the money  Nothing special, but cute for the cost. Great for a young girl or costume jewelry to add a little sparkle. <end>
 B000MQKST0  2.25 Carats Oval Shape Genuine London Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  Gorgeous ring!  I ordered this ring for myself last December, and when I opened the ring box when it arrived, it absolutely took my breath away. What a gorgeous ring! The pictures don't do it justice. The size and color of the stone suit my taste perfectly, and the quality of the ring is excellent. I have quite a variety of silver rings, and this ring is one that I wear on a regular basis. My taste in rings is more toward the bold/unique side, and this ring definitely fits the bill! <end>
 B000MQKWNW  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Heart Pendant w/ Rope Chain (1/10 cttw) ||	  Wife loved it  What can I say? Wife was surprised and really happy to get a cute little pendant like this for Xmas. <end>
 B000MQLGVE  1.00 Carat Princess Cut Genuine Peridot Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Pendant Necklace ||	  Absolutely wonderful!  When ordering, I was a bit worried that this pendant would turn out to be smaller than the matching earrings, or that they somehow would look weird together. Well, I shouldn't have wasted my energy on worrying, because this pendant really took my breath away! I'm actually jealous of my grandma, for whom I bought it!The peridot is beautiful, free of visible inclusions, is well-cut and has a vivid and clear green colour. It also looks great with the earrings, as it's a little bigger, but otherwise identical to them.I can't really believe that I got such beautiful presents for just $60! <end>
 B000MQLGXC  1.75 Carats Genuine Radiant Cut Garnet Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Pendant Necklace ||	  Lovely Birthday Gift for Sister  It was so easy to get online and find this necklace for my sister's January birthday. She received it in two days, I think, in a lovely little gift box. Peora was fast, the product was perfect and there were no shipping charges. I highly recommend Peora for their selection and customer service. Sincerely, <end>
 B000MQNOIC  Pair of Glass Single Flared Solid Plugs  8g Emerald ||	  fast shipping, great product  This product got to me faster than I anticipated and I'm very satisfied with it. It's exactly what I wanted, it also had special instructions for returning it if I wasn't happy. <end>
 B000MQNP2M  Pair of Glass Double Flared Solid Plugs  6g Ruby ||	  Exactly what I wanted  I was looking for glass double flared plugs and thats exactly what I got. It was shipped fast and packed nicely. There's absolutely nothing to complain about. Great quality product and service. <end>
 B000MRFOIO  Sterling Silver Open Double Flower Earrings ||	  Fantastic Christmas Present  I bought these earrings for my fiancee at Christmas last year, and she absolutely loves them - she wears them all the time. I'm really happy I could give her a gift she loves so much, and I'm looking forward to giving her other parts of this collection. Inexpensive, beautiful earrings. <end>  Great seller  The product shipped very quickly and was exactly as described. I couldn't be happier! <end>  Beautiful silver flower earrings  I purchased these earrings for my teenage daughter a year ago and she's has worn them frequently since then. She always receives compliments on them (and the matching necklace) whenever we are out. They are truly beautiful and look today like they did a year ago when purchased. She lost one a month or so ago and now I'm ordering another pair to replace it, she misses wearing them that much. I definitely recommend. She likes them so much she wore them in her senior portraits.  -) <end>  Simply Beautiful!  It is a nice pair of simply beautiful earrings that will make a difference in your appearance.I personally love them. The first day I wore them, I have received number of compliments from both men and women. If you are a woman, you know what it means to get a compliment from you female co-worker -) <end>  Beautiful!  I bought these earrings to go with the matching pendant, and they are just beautiful! When I wear the pendant and earrings together, I have received lots of compliments. You can wear them by themselves or together. Great buy and I would purchase from this vendor again! <end>  Beautiful Work  Very nice modern jewelry. It suited my 20-something sister perfectly. Came in pretty box and velvet bag - easy to wrap. <end>  Very Pretty  These earrings are very pretty. I expected them to be heavy, but they feel fine. I have gotten many compliments when i wear them. You wont be disappointed. <end>  Nice earrings for a good price.  Got them promptly,simple and stunning finish. Girlfriend loved them and plans to wear them till they 'wear out'. ;) <end>  Pretty earrings.  I bought these with the matching necklace and I think it is such a nice set. I've gotten many compliments on them. <end>  Read before you buy...  These earrings are beautiful but I found them to be too large ~ especially for everyday wear. Beautiful, just like photo, if you like a larger size earring. <end>  Very nice and light wieght  Had the necklace, wanted earrings to match. The earrings are a little smaller than the necklace. But still very pretty and light weight. <end>  Adorable!!!  They put these on sale a lot- I like them... very versatile and works with a number of ages of people. They are slightly 3D, not very thick. Very nice quality, comes in a plastic bag inside a velveteen bag inside a navy blue gift box. works for a 12 year old or a 21 or 31 or even 41 year old. I got the matching necklace I'm very happy with as well. A definite would buy again. <end>  very pretty  These earrings are very pretty. the size is just right for every day. The silver is shiny. I wear these earrings all the time. they are light weight and comfortable also. <end>  versatile  I bought these to wear with the silver double flower necklace. They are exactly what I wanted. They look feminine & delicate. I will be able wear them pretty much anywhere as they look good for daytime or evening wear <end>  Lovely earrings, don't forget necklace!!  These earrings are really lovely and there is a necklace that makes a great set....I purchased this for my Mother for Mother's Day and it was a BIG hit. I am very happy with this purchase.... <end>  Gorgeous!!!  These are the most beautiful ear rings ever!! I have had more compliments on these! My only wish is that they could be a tad bit smaller for my taste. However, I will keep and wear these. Trying to get a pair for my friend that drools over them every time I wear them but they are now on back order. I can not imagine anyone being disappointed with these. Absolutely stunning!! <end>  I like them except for one thing  These are very pretty earrings and go well with the flower pendant Amazon sells. But . . . they seem to be on backward. It is hard to explain but the flower shape is the reverse of the pendants and feels inverted. However, the earrings can't be turned around as they don't come off the ear wires. That is good in terms of security, but I still always feel my earrings are . . . well . . . backward facing. <end>  Lightweight and Pretty  I ordered these earrings along with the matching necklace. The earrings big enough to make a statement, but very lightweight. They are a little longer than I thought they would be (a little bit above chin length) but it works with the size of the flowers. <end>  Oh, yeah... nice  Earrings came in a little felt envelope in a little jewelry box. Really pretty and my girlfriend loves them. A little larger and higher quality than I expected. <end>  Cute!  These earrings are lightweight (but sturdy). I think they are suitable for an adult or a child. Makes a great gift. <end>  Great earrings  The only reason I'm giving this four stars, is because my package was lost in transit and I had to email customer service and reorder. But, customer service was GREAT! They overnighted me the new package and I am very satisfied with the earrings. They are beautiful! <end>  A Good Looking Earring  I bought 3 pairs of earrings where this one came from.I made sure that they were oxidized so they won't tarnish.The makers say that they are tarnish free and just to besure I will keep them in their boxes so that they willlast for a very long time.They are delicate but, pinched the hook a little so that they won't get caught in my clothes or hats and I end up losing them.So far so good - very nice buy for $5. <end>  Very lightweight, very beautiful  These beautiful earrings are exactly what I was hoping for  elegant, simple, and comfortable to wear. Typically, I can only wear earrings for a few hours before I get sick of them and take them out; not so with these. Despite the intricate design, the earrings are very light, and open wire backing is very comfortable. I also have the matchingSterling Silver Open Double Flower Pendant, 16" - 18", and they go great together. Though either piece works on its own, I recommend getting the whole set. They go great with jeans and sweaters or with evening gowns and fancy shoes. I highly recommend them. <end>  Delicate beauty  These earrings are beautiful! I had already received the pendant earlier from my son as a gift. An awesome set together, rather elf like in appearance. You could imagine these being worn in "Lord of the Rings". Very pleased with both! <end>  Great Earings  These earrings are absolutely beautiful. My wife wore them to work the first day and received many compliments. I would recommend them as a stunning gift for anyone! <end>  not three dimentional  from the picture and other's reviewer's review i am expecting something from the lord of ring, something three dimentional, i guess i am little disappointed because the flower is very flat,still pretty though <end>  Very pretty  I bought these earring when they came up as a lightning deal for $14.99, which was a reasonable price. I certainly wouldn't pay full price (currently $34) for them though (they're not THAT pretty). LOLThey are very cute and "spring-like". They look delicate, but are quite sturdy. Amazon also sells two matching pendants that would go very well with these earrings. (The matching pendants have also come up as lightning deals) <end>  Lovely  I bought the flower pendant and got these to match...lovely set! Perfect size and not too heavy on the ear lobes! <end>  Perfect gift  I bought these to go with the matching necklace (also purchased as a lightning deal) as a gift for a very petite 13-year-old. That said, I would not hesitate to wear these myself (over 50), as these are just the right size and weight for any age. <end>  Lovely earrings  These earrings are quite lovely. After receiving them as a gift and losing one, I found I could not go without them so I bought a pair. Now I have a backup!Well worth the money... <end>  Love these earrings  I bought the matching necklace first. I've had it for about 2 years. I receive compliments on it every time I wear it. I actually misplaced the first one and bought another to replace it. I bought the earrings recently to go with it. <end>  Unique, beautiful earrings  My husband bought me these for Mother's day, and I was really impressed! They are really pretty. I have never seen anything like them. Simple silver, in a 3-dimensional flower. Really cool, and quite elegant--and they go with anything! I love them.The picture does NOT do them justice. <end>
 B000MSPMOO  1/10 ct. tw. Journey Diamond Heart Pendant in 10K White Gold ||	  nice  nice my GF loved it its small but still looks good if your girl like flashy bold stuff you should look at something else <end>  beautiful necklace  THIS NECKLACE IS A LITTLE SMALLER IN PERSON ,BUT THAT'S OK WITH ME BECAUSE THE SMALLER THE BETTER FOR ME. <end>
 B000MT1KVC  Sterling Silver Bali Bangle Bracelet ||	  nice bracelet  Nice bracelet to wear with other braclets or a simple one bracelet look. Bendable and twists easily to put on. It is comfortable. <end>
 B000MTBFS0  Southwestern Style Wolf Paw Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise and Coral Chip Inlay for Men or Women, Size 10, #10519 ||	  Wonderful Present  I purchased this ring for my sweetheart for Valentine's day. He loved it! The paw-prints are very small, but that makes them all the more noticeable, and makes the ring much nicer to wear... subtle, rather than gaudy. I highly recommend it. <end>  Bear Paw Ring  The ring is wonderful!!!!!!! It is a little heavier than I expected, but I'm extremely pleased it is. It is GORGEOUS!! I have gotten dozens of compliments in the short time I've had the ring. <end>  well  well,I received this ring and love it. However, it is not exactly like the one I thought it should be ~~~~However, it is fine I think~ <end>
 B000MTTMRG  8494 Black POW/MIA Dogtag ||	  Thank You  I got these to wear behind our cremation urn necklaces to carry our fathers ashes.For our father was in VAM (3 tours) was a pow / mia <end>  POW/MIA Dog Tag Review  This is a really nice dog tag that I look forward to wearing. I have another dog tag also which is a Wounded Warrior Project dog tag and these go together very well. It is a good buy. It also comes with a chain to wear it which was actually unexpected but still helpful as I use my paracord necklace for my dog tags. <end>
 B000MUK32S  Tori Emerald Jade Hummingbird Dangle Earrings ||	  Cute gift for hummingbird lovers  These earrings are indeed tiny, but that is part of their charm. However, they are not so tiny that you cannot distinguish clearly that they are hummingbirds or see the general details carved into them. I would have given them a five, but the pair was not perfectly symmetrical (especially in the face/beak area), which is not that big of a deal to me but still a tiny bit irksome. Otherwise, they are adorable. <end>
 B000MUOM5C  1.25 Ct.T.W. Genuine Marquise Cut Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Nice gift  I bought these for my mom who doesn't like heavy earrings. They were perfect and a nice size. I loved the quality of them too. <end>
 B000MUOMAM  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Trillion Cut Swiss Blue Topaz in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Worth every penny  I've received this free shiping earrings within 1 wk of the order. I was very please with the brillance and sparkles of the Swiss Blue Topaz suspended on 1.5" long and 0.25" sterling silver swirl that moves freely when you turn. The Trillion cut reflects the light perfectly which gives the sparkling effect light a blue diamond. Furthermore, I wouldn't be able to get any earrings @ this price $25 anywhere else. I would recommend this to anyone who like dangling earrings. <end>
 B000MUPIXC  Silvertone Pink Floral Necklace ||	  Wonderful Quality  I bought this necklace to go with some silver butterfly earrings. They were a excellent match even though the necklace does not have butterflies it does have some finely executed flowers and bows. The necklace rest high on the neck although there is sufficient amounts of necklace to extend it if required. It is a very pretty piece of jewelry the photo does not really do it justice. It is also heavier than it looks it has plenty of silver in it. On the whole and excellent purchase well worth the money <end>
 B000MUQ2SC  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Pear Shape London Blue Topaz in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  stunning  These earrings took my breath away when they were delivered. It looks absolutely stunning and expensive. The topaz is a vibrant shade of blue. <end>
 B000MUQEJ4  Wide Southwestern Style Whirlwind Design Band Ring in Sterling Silver and Chip Inlay Turquoise for Men or Women, Size 10, #10827 ||	  Awesome ring!  I got this ring for my husband. It is beautiful, and he loves it. Taos Trading gives _excellent_ service, also. I was a bit off on my husband's ring size, but the service provided in exchanging the ring for the correct size was excellent -- fast, friendly, very accommodating. I highly recommend Taos Trading and their products! <end>  turquoise&sterling silver inlaid band ring  I am very pleased with the ring. It was a gift to my husband and he loved it!! It was so easy to purchase and it arrived in plenty of time.Thank you!Sincerely,Lois Garbarini <end>
 B000MUQEKI  Southwestern Style Horse & Pony Story Band Ring in Sterling Silver for Men or Women, size 12, #10825 ||	  Beautiful Detail  This was purchased as a gift for my 16 year old niece. She loves horses and is an avid rider. She loved it. The detail was impressive and it's not big and bulky. Very dainty. <end>  hores band ring  I have alot of rings but cannot wear certain kinds at work-since I am such a horse lover-this is a perfect ring for me to wear on my job- I gave it a good rate because it is durable in the hard work I do -and the price is right- love this <end>
 B000MUSYWY  2.00 Ct.T.W. Genuine Oval Shape London Blue Topaz in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  London Blue Topaz earrings  Purchase and delivery were great. Love the darker blue in the topaz but will give as a gift being they were smaller than I had thought. <end>  LOVED IT  For the price I was not expecting much. These are really pretty and the stone has a nice deep blue topaz color. They look like something you paid 3 or 4 times as much for. Peoria jewelry usually lives up to expectations. They also come in a pretty package if you are buying for a gift. <end>
 B000MUSYYM  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Marquise Cut London Blue Topaz in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Always the skeptic  I am always leary buying items online. Not sure they will look like their picture or be as good as their positive reviews. But these earrings were better than I thought they would be. I was kind of afraid that the blue topaz would be too small, but they're not-they're perfect-they're beautiful. They exceeded my expectations! <end>  Gorgeous!  I bought these earings about a year ago. As of today, they still are very shiny like the day I got them and look very rick! One of my all time favorite earings! Highly recommend! <end>  Perfect  I bought these for my wedding in December. They have a beautiful and deeper color than the picture. And much more sparkle. Very classy. <end>
 B000MUTBB2  Southwestern Style Wide Lizard Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise and Lapis Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 13, #10991 ||	  lizzard ring  Such a nice, solid, ring. I love the inlay work and the ring has a nice solid feel. <end>  Ring  It was exactly as I hoped it would be, actually it's even more beautiful in person! Prompt service and delivery. <end>
 B000MUXHI0  Blomdahl Medical Plastic Daisy - Crystal, 5mm ||	  Hypoallergenic  For those of you who can't wear ear rings because of metal allergies, these are a dream come true. No irritation whatsoever. Also, because they are small and unobtrusive, they look as if they could be real affordable diamonds.The backs are so tiny they are almost impossible to see or pick up. Unless they solve that problem, I will one day be unable to wear them because of unsteady hands. This could make wearing them impossible for some people with low vision or essential tremor. <end>  Perfect petite earrings  I am sensitive to more metals than nickle...even the "for sensitive ears" bother me after a few hours. Since I received the plastic earrings, I have not taken them out. They do poke my head while in bed sometimes but they're studs. I love the look...it's a perfect small earring and the crystals just set it off. <end>  Magical!  I have been unable to wear any type of earring for about seven years due to a severe metal allergy. I can't even tolerate titanium! My little brother bought these for me for Christmas and they are amazing. I just clean them with alcohol once a week (mostly to keep them shiny) and I have had NO itching, redness, swelling or infection. I love them. I even sleep in them. I even got my hair cut short to show off my ears again. <end>
 B000MVPM1Y  Oakland Raiders Ring - NFL Football Fan Shop Sports Team Merchandise ||	  Perfect Fit  This ring comes in an awesome lil box that is a perfect fit for the ring when put on display. The ring itself is a perfect fit. The Raiders shield is a lil off center, but, it is a great gift for the price. I would highly recommend this ring to all my Raider brethren, or any football fan for that matter. <end>  AWESOME!!!!  I got this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it!!!! Makes a fabulous gift. <end>  Ring  Nice Item, Not what I expected, But a Great Ring for a Raiders Fan! Great Choice For the Price Tho! <end>
 B000MVR7IK  Ultrasonic Cleaner- Silver ||	  ultrasonics  Excellent product. As advertised. My wife couldn't be more pleased with the quick cleaning time and excellent polish. <end>  A very good product  This little machine does wonders on cleaning jewelry and watch bands. I never thought water alone would be sufficient, but it is. If you want clean jewelry, try this product. Still haven't tried my glasses in it yet, but I bet it will work great. <end>  Love It!!  Since I bought this easy to use jewelry cleaner I have cleaned not only all my gold and silver but also all of my friends' and family's. It does a "GREAT JOB"....and so quick and easy. LOVE IT!!! <end>  Useful alternative usage  Used this to clean out 'clogged' spray nozzles on garden equipment. Also cleaning misc pieces for different applications. <end>  Great Gift  My mother in law loved it and continues to gush about how much she enjoys using it. <end>  Unremarkable results, maybe unreasonable expectations?  I purchased this not really for it's intended purpose of cleaning jewelry, but because I remembered a childhood friend using one to clean off carbon deposits on spark plugs. I figured that cleaning hearing-aid tubes would be a cinch.Well, it seemed to have no effect on hearing aid tubes. So I tried a few more things and the results were not remarkable. It may be great for jewelry, but I just don't know. <end>  Buyer Beware  It's been almost two weeks since I ordered this and I have yet to receive it. They did not have the decency to contact me, at any point, either. Not to thank me for my order, as most companies/sellers do, not to tell me it would be delayed...nothing. Just left me hanging. Thankfully my credit card wasn't charged, per Amazon's terms of service, but I am very disappointed in this experience and want others to be aware of what sort of regard this company holds for its customers. <end>  Great Cleaner!  Everything I put in the Haier Ultasonic Jewerly Cleaner comes out sparkling and bright. Eyeglasses, watches and especially diamonds come out brilliant. <end>  Not Quite ULTRAsonic!  I bought this jewelry cleaner based on some good reviews, but found that the one I received just did not live up to my expectations. The water heated and vibrated the jewelry a bit, but did not really get anything cleaner than shaking it myself in a container of liquid jewelry cleanser. It definitely did NOT deep clean anything that I tried, and still required that I scrub the "crevices" of my rings. I also found that the OFF button on the one I ordered did not work. The timer worked fine and stopped the process of cleaning, but in order to turn it off I had to unplug it...not a great feature in something where your hands might be damp after retrieving your jewelry. I added dishwashing liquid, as suggested for a more thorough cleaning, but it simply sunk to the bottom of the tub. Even after trying to swoosh it around and get the best result possible, it was no better (in fact not as good) as using a toothbrush and simply scrubbing my jewelry as I had in the past. I had numerous silver chains since I own a small jewelry business, and these looked NO different after even the longest cycle was used. I find that treated jewelry cloths are far superior and I will continue to use those. I had hoped for a quick, easy way to get things clean, but this particular not-so-ultrasonic cleaner did not do it. I have returned it for a refund since it not only disappointed me with its performance, but I felt it was a bit unsafe with the OFF button not working as well. Back to hand cleaning my jewelry....you might want to do the same. <end>  great gift  gave this jewelry cleaner as a gift to a very fussy jewelry cleaner person, she loved it, said it did a great job. <end>  Fantastic little cleaning Unit  My wife owns a lot of jewlery and is pretty picky about about how she cleans them. This Jewlery cleaner worked great and cleaned well even the most dirty items. She loves it and uses it everyday and especially likes the fact that it uses ordinary tap water to clean. You have to see it. It works great! <end>  Well Built and Functional  This was received promptly before Christmas. It cleans well and has nice features. Compared to another brand with plastic containers and requires soap, this one has a stainless basket and uses tap water. It does a great job, my wife is pleased.The only down-side is that the four rubber feet on the bottom are not level and the unit wobbles slightly. It does not affect performance or cause it to buzz while cleaning. <end>  Loud but effective  I purchased this ultrasonic cleaner to help me keep my precious engagement ring clean. I bought it on the advice of the jeweler that made the ring. If you clean your jewelry with a little bit of jewelry cleaner and then stick it in the sonicator, I think you will have better results. I always use it on the longest setting, 480 seconds, but there are lots of other options. I also used the machine for my fiancee's watch after he spilled ranch dressing on it and the watch looked a lot shinier. It is pretty loud though. I keep it in the bathroom and I could hear it in the living room, with the TV on! It's a good, compact size, and most things you want to clean will fit in it. It comes with a watch stand to keep the face of your non-waterproof watch out of the water. Overall, I feel like it was a good purchase. I've been using it weekly for over a month and haven't had any trouble. <end>  Great for the price  The cleaner worked as it is suppose to work. We've used it on many things with great results. I love to peek while it's cleaning to see how much stuff is coming off. But we love it for the dentures and some jewelry that we did purchas this to clean. Great for the price and works wonderful. <end>  Great Product  I ordered this cleaner for my wife as a Chrismas gift. It arrived before I expected it and it was in perfect condition. I had great communication with the seller as to when it would be shipped and everything went very smoothly. She loves the cleaner and it works like a charm. It makes all her diamonds sparkle like brand new. I would recommend this product to anyone. <end>  Works great  Cleans great. Does a great job cleaning eyeglasses and jewelry.Product shipped was different than product pictured - different brand. Upon closer inspection of the fine print, this is mentioned by the seller. <end>  Haier Ultrasonic  This is a well made product of the highest quality materials. The first thing that impressed me was the stainless steel tub with a mirror-like finish. The digital timer function is very convenient; you can set this thing and let it clean un-attended. So far it has worked well on gold rings and stones, but not very well on neck chains / rope chains. I guess I need to increase the cleaning time. Most impressive cleaning was on a pair of eyeglasses, especially on the edge of the lenses; they came out looking like new! You may also have to experiment with the cleaning cycle times, to obtan the best results. Overall, this unit has exceeded my expectations. <end>
 B000MVVZ8I  Ultrasonic Cleaner- Black ||	  Quit working after minimal use  I had this jewelry cleaner for less than a year before it quit working. While it cleaned my jewelry quite well, I was very disappointed that it didn't work for more time. For almost $40, it should have worked for at least a few years. Apparently there is an issue with the seal and water seeping into the unit and frying the controls... so it's poorly manufactured. Please don't waste your money on this unit. <end>  It quit in 6 months!!  I bought it in October, 2008 and it quit last week. I paid top dollar, too. It's too much trouble to return in now. I bought it to clean my glasses and it worked okay. It was very poor at cleaning my jewelry. Per other reviews it was hard on their ring settings, maybe mine was always defective as it did not clean my rings at all Buy another brand. <end>  Cleaner  So far so good. I still have a couple of pieces of jewerly that I would like to be sharper but guess I might have to take them in for professional cleaning. I tried cleaning one necklace numerous times, without the results I wanted. Good for at home use. <end>  Yay.  Worked very well for getting the grime off my watchband. Works with CDs and DVDs, but I haven't tried that feature. About the only con I can think of is that it doesn't take 100-240V (only 120V). <end>  dental appliance cleaner  This cleaner got my nightly bite plate really clean, nothing else I tried did the job.Neat looking as well. <end>  Didn't seem to do anything more than plain water  I didn't find this to do anything more than plain water would have, but I decided it wasn't worth it to return it. So I gave it to my mom, and she seems to like it, which is why I gave it two stars. <end>  Good cleaning action  I use this to clean my atomizers for my vapor pipe the ego-t. I use Vodka and it cleans them great. It works well with water too when clening all metals. <end>  It works great  I am satisfide with the produck and love the way it works its eazy and simpul to use....So thank u for your conser andHelp with my perches. <end>  Great Product!  Really great compact cleaner. Just what I needed at a very reasonable price. Strong construction and quiet operation. I am a happy customer! <end>  Perfect for cleaning ink cartridges  Refilling ink cartridges is easy except when the nozzles have become clogged. Another reviewer of this product suggested using it for clearing such clogs. The most hardened clogs require soaking and then a short cleaning in the machine, more soaking and then another cleaning. Even the hardest clogs are cleared. Within a short time I had cleaned and refilled cartridges for two desk top color printers and an HP 755cm plotter. I couldn't be more satisfied! <end>  This is a must for womens rings...  This is a great gadget. My wife gets all kinds od gunk in her rings. She used to occaisionally drop them into a cup of hydrogen peroxide and watch the bubbles go for minutes. She could never get over the gunk in the finer crevices of her rings. She used to take them to the jeweler occaisionally and have them steamed clean. I searched Amazon for jewelery cleaners and read the reviews on this and thought I'd try it. It ROCKS! Set to the longest duration, her rings come out looking like new... <end>  Top Choice  This is a top choice ultrasonic cleaner. My previous cleaner broke, and I was looking for an inexpensive replacement. Not only is this new cleaner $10 less than the one I had purchased 7-years ago, it is larger and more powerful. And, it is large enough to hold CD's with the CD support accessory. The watch protector accessory provides an avenue for safely cleaning a non-waterproof watch. This cleaner is definately a top choice. <end>  Does exactly what it says  I purchased the product mainly in order to clean my glasses with it. I use it about twice per week to clean them.It works quite nice, the glasses come out of the cleaning process completely clean again without getting any scratches. In order to improve the cleaning I recommend to put drop of soap into the water. <end>  Not long lasting  This unit crapped out after 4 months. Started out OK then went downhill. Started shutting down after half then one quarter cycles then it ran for maybe a few seconds then not a all. Cheap. You get what you pay for. <end>  Works Great  Before filling, follow my jeweler's advice and add Mr. Clean up to the bottom of the basket and fill the rest of the way with water. He suggested that I toss my rings in every morning to clean them while I shower. No rub, no scrub (and no soap scum build-up)! <end>  Not powerful enough.  I bought this mainly to clean eyeglasses. I wanted to use it to remove green gunk from the nosepad area of the glasses instead of me having to scrub it with a toothbrush. It removed very little of it to my disappointment.I also tried cleaning a stainless steel watchband that had not been cleaned for 5 years. The holder that comes with the unit is great, but that's about it. The water turned a little brown, but brown dirt was still in the grooves of the watchband.This cleaner is not powerful enough for real dirt. Maybe it's okay for 1 day of dirt, but what's the point of that?! I should have saved my money and bought the professional grade cleaner (which is much more $$ though, paid $300). <end>  Easy to use, doesn't last long  Worked well for about 20 loads at 5 mins each (over the course of a month) then overheated and blew the transformer inside the unit. <end>  Broke in less than a year  At first I was very satisfied with this item. It cleaned my jewelry very well. I keep it on a shoe shelf in my closet near an outlet so it's easy to access when needed. I only plug it in when I use it and that is maybe once a week for about a minute or 2.In less than a year the hinge on the lid completley crumbled. I have no idea how this could happen as there has never been any form of liquid as high up near the lid.I can still use this item but I have to remove the entire lid to use it. <end>  Not the most expensive, but not too bad...  Purchased hoping it could get the dirt & oils caked behind glasses nose pads cleaned out... Worked OK for most other things tried on, but doesn't do much to oily dirt build-up in tight spaces.Also, it's TOO SMALL to clean sunglasses that fit over prescription glasses.Sure glad I didn't buy from one of the sellers wanting double what I paid. <end>  Does a fine Job  Well, we've cleaned everything that would fit with very good results.My 30 year old stainless watch band left residue on the bottom that looked like mud. Don't know where that came from, but the band is clean and shiny now. <end>  One in Spanish... Una en espanol  Para muchos de aquellos que compramos aqui en AMAZON y son de habla hispana.. paso a detallar mi experiencia.El aparato funciona muy bien y limpia las cosas de uso diario MUY BIEN y mas si se hace con agua caliente o agregandole algun quimico (limpiador multiuso ej)Es ideal para joyas tipo anillos - pulceras - cadenitas y cosas delicadas como relojes.CAundo esta muy sucio es necesario ciclos largos pero por lo general con 180 min es mas que suficiente.Mi experiencia fue muy buena!!! deja las cosas muy nitidas ! En especial cuando es joyeria o cosas de metal.ATENCION!!! No se confien este aparato que es para LIMPIAR y no para restaurar, Asi que si esta rayado - oxidado o gastado .... No esperen un milagro. El articulo quedara limpio pero con los mismo detalles. <end>  Denture cleaner  I bought this to clean my dad's dentures. He couldn't clean them for himself anymore and I had frozen shoulder so it was a problem for me to do them by hand for him. This worked fine. Occasionally I had to run it more than once - the preprogrammed cycle was rather short for any real cleaning project - but it got them sparkly clean. I also used it to clean his very grungy watchband. Worked ok for that as well. <end>  Broke after only a couple uses...  After I bought this I didn't use it for a couple months. So, by the time I finally opened it, the warranty had expired. This was unfortunate considering it only worked about 2-3 times before it broke. Now when I turn it on it will work for a few seconds and then shut off, so I have to constantly continue to hit the on button and dink with it to get it to do anything. <end>  Love It!  I chose to purchase this product because 2 other family members of mine have had theirs for years. I do know that the one issue they have had with this was that after a while the lid broke off (but that doesn't effect the product). I use the connoisseur brand cleaner refill in my jewelry cleaner and am very happy. I have tried so many other cleaners in the past (including sonic cleaners) and they just don't work. <end>  SICK!!!  My friend had one of these and I have always wanted one. My glasses get real dirty from being worn all day, and I figured this would be a great way to wash them. Be careful because it cleans items so well that the dirt and grime that has been caked on the surface will reveal everything. My partner wears contact lenses all the time except when he is at home wearing his glasses. He has oily skin so his glasses get real dirty. I set his in the bottom of the unit, no tray, for two of the longest cycles. The water was DARK grey and you can now see where his oils have pitted the metal frames where before it was hidden. I feel like throwing everything in there now!!! <end>  died  we've used this less than 10 times over the past year, and it recently died. the vibration sound is there but there is no actual vibration anymore. <end>  Ultrasonic Cleaner used to clean printer ink cartridge  I refill my own HP printer ink cartridges after they run out of ink. Sometimes the ink in the cartridges dries out and even after refilling, the ink will not flow through and print. So, I purchased the Ultrasonic Cleaner thinking that it might help clean them out. It worked perfectly! I've now salvaged all my old cartridges for refilling and saved hundreds of dollars over the cost of buying new ink cartridges.The Ultrasonic Cleaner instructions were easy to follow and the product was easy to use. It took just a few minutes to set up and use the product the first time after unpacking it. <end>  Disappointed--Don't Waste Your Money  I basically bought this to clean my glasses and my cds, dvds and my son's game disks. It does not do any of these things very well.To get my eyeglasses really clean it takes 4-5 minutes. I can use cleaning solution and a cleaning cloth and do a better job in 30 seconds! Where's the progress in that?? Ditto on cds etc.I was just looking for a quick, easy way to keep my glasses clean without rubbing on the lenses. This isn't it.I've been disappointed before and I'm sure this won't be the last time. Don't waste your money. <end>  for my girlfriend  her thoughts"I love it. It got both my jewelery and my watch very clean."only negative, it jostled loose a couple of small diamonds, so make certain to look over all items that you put in to clean. <end>  DO NOT USE FOR TATTOO EQUIPMENT!!!!  I bought this for personal use of the cleaning of my tattoo grips and tubes before autoclave sterilization, hoping to cut out some of the vigorous scrubbing inside the tips and between the grip texture grooves. I was very disappointed and would suggest to others looking to go cheap to just save up and get a nice Crest or Branson. <end>  Disappointed  I was extremely disappointed with this cleaner. It did not perform at all. It just hummed very faintly with absolutley no cleaning action after repeatedly activating at the longest celaning cycle. I returned it for a refund.Bill D <end>  DO NOT BUY  I bought this item through Amazon and just used it. It knocked out one of the diamonds on my engagement ring on the first use. This is ridiculous. I realize you are not supposed to use ultrasonic cleaners on loose jewelry, but this ring is only 6 months old. If this can remove a stone from my ring it will do it to other jewelry. Do not get for fine jewelry. I am returning it immediately. <end>  If you have bling get one of these  My (now) husband bought me one of these for Xmas last year. At first I thought there's no way this thing would work but after using it for a few months I can honestly say this thing was worth every penny!! I put my wedding ring (eternity band) and engagement ring in this once a week and it cleans out all the hand lotion and debris that gets stuck under the stone.Since I never take my rings off when I wash my hands at work I also get a buildup of soap in my rings after a few days and this cleaner takes it all out.The highest setting is 8 minutes which is good but to get all the junk out I usually put it in for 3 cycles of 8 min which is easy since I normally do it when I'm cooking or reading.The only thing that isn't so great is that it makes a weird buzzing noise while cleaning but otherwise I totally recommend it. <end>  Jewelry, glasses, CDs, and DVDs  I bought this for my fiance as a Christmas gift for her engagement ring. It became an immediate hit with the ladies cleaning their jewelry and glasses. It's kinda fun to watch the gunk and film just seem to float off the stuff. It can also be used for CDs and DVDs. We were having problems with a rental DVD until we put it in the cleaner and it played without a hitch after that! <end>  Probably should have bought the cheaper one  I bought this for $45, and I think I should have bought the cheaper one. I read the reviews for both, and I think this performed just as well as the reviews for the cheaper model said these things do.Results Citizen EcoDrive  5 years old, Stainless Steel and gold tones, WR 100. I used the watch holder that came with the unit, and found that it cleaned the parts that were under water pretty well. Then I became adventurous and put the whole thing under water. So far, I don't think it hurt my watch, and it looks pretty shiny after wiping off the water.Dirty pennies  Didn't work out so well. It was neat to see the initial puff of dirt that rose to the surface of the water, but I didn't see shiny, new pennies afterward. Perhaps water couldn't remove the ravages of chemical reactions and old age.Antique watch band  This was a 1920s or 1940s ladies watch that I bought at a flea market. Bulova, 10-12K gold filled. I took the watch mechanics out and placed the bracelet and glass face in the water. The waves were so strong that they shook the glass face out of the bracelet. That was upsetting.Fossil Sunglasses  Someone left a pair of sunglasses at my house, so I cleaned them. They look clean. This seems better than wiping them since you could just be moving the dirt around and not removing it.That's all I've cleaned so far. So basically, it works pretty well on younger pieces with loose dirt. The older and more compact the dirt becomes, the harder it is to remove (which is understandable). <end>  Died at 6 months  I purchased this unit to periodically clean my jewelry. It cleaned my wedding rings well.Unfortunately, the machine died after 6 months of using it approximately only once or twice a month, which in my opinion, is ridiculous.I suppose since it was cheap, I could say I got what I paid for. However, I would not recommend purchasing this unit based on my experience.I gave it one star for dying on me so quickly with what I would consider minimal use. <end>  Better than expected  I decided to purchase this item despite the negative reviews. I was a bit apprehensive because the price was about $10-$15 higher than others I found.I wear 8 diamond earrings in my ears and rarely take them out so they get really, really, REALLY gunked up with hairspray, etc. Normally I use one of those jewelry cleaners that the jeweler gives you, and even after soaking for an hour, I still have to scrub to get them clean and it still doesn't do a thorough job.I used this unit with Blitz Gem & Jewelry Cleaner ConcentrateGem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate (8 Oz)and even though I only used the 480 second setting just once, ALL the gunk was gone! I haven't seen my earrings this shiny/sparkly since I purchased them.I was a little nervous to use on my Tanzanite rings and bracelets since I've heard that the stone is a bit brittle, but had NO issues...Just used less time to clean and they still came out great!Also used on a pair of glasses that my boyfriend wears daily working as an electrician, and it worked well on those as well.The unit was much better made than expected after reading the reviews. I'm very pleased with the purchase and recommend it! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that I wish they had a basket with smaller holes for stud earrings. If you put the studs in the very center they're ok, but if they shift out of the very center they will "escape" out the larger holes and can get lost if you don't pay attention. Providing a smaller basket for stud earrings and smaller pieces would be a great idea. <end>  Worked great, died fast  This is an update to my original review below. Jewelry cleaner was wonderful when it worked. Then it died after about 9 months of weekly use. Beware that this product is not durable.----------------This cleaner works wonderfully. I use it for a diamond/platinum engagment ring, a white gold/diamond necklace, a pair of diamond/platinum stud earrings, and a couple watch bands. This cleaner gets all my jewelry looking brand new, and really cleans out the little nooks/crannies that have been impossible to reach with a toothbrush.Recently, I tripped outside and stuck my engagement-ringed hand into some muddy dirt to catch myself. The setting on my engagment ring is full circle of bead-set diamonds, so a ton of little spaces where dirt can hide. The ring band and setting was totally packed and encrusted with dirt. I tried everything - toothbrush, waterpik (several attachments), even the milk steamer on my coffee machine. Nothing got out the trapped black dirt behind the tiny diamonds. Then I bought this cleaner and VOILA! 3 cycles later, it shook out the dirt and restored my ring to pristine condition. SO HAPPY!!IMPORTANT TIPS 1) Water alone isn't enough. It's just common sense that water won't get rid of oily film.2) Use HOT water instead of cold or tepid water. Doesn't need to be boiling, just really warm.3) Use 1-2 capfuls of Mr. Clean or similar cleaning solution(no special jewelry cleaner needed)4) Run several cycles (the most I've needed was 4, for the really, really dirty stuff)Wish the max cycle length went beyond 480 seconds (8 min), but this cleaner couldn't be easier to use, and couldn't clean any better. I love it! <end>  Finger tips are clean, and some jewelry too  I bought this after a weekend of work around the house, having some dirt under my nails that literally had to be dug out lifting part of the nails ever so slightly. Do that for 30 minutes and you are in some pain, for several days actually. Remembering when I was in college helping a jeweler friend of mine we used one of these machines to clean our hands and jewelry after polishing rings so I went looking for one of these. I settled on this one, not sure why now, but over the last few months it has helped get all the dirt out from under my nails, no more detaching the cuticle. It is fantastic.For good measure my wife threw some of her jewelry into the machine and it came out sparkling. She is happy and so am I.For those of you that are handy around the house, pick this little baby up for your significant other for her birthday or Christmas, and you both benefit. For the lady of the house, reverse logic here, give it to him to clean his fingers and clean your jewelry too. <end>  Great for "do-it-yourself" work and maintenance  I bought this to clean and maintain an antique diamond ring. It was filthy to say the least. Caked on grunge.I placed it in the tank with the plastic basket, and let the machine do its work at the longest time setting. It softened the gunk enough that I could use a stiff brush to work it all out of the crevices. I added two drops of Dawn Detergent to the water (per the instructions), and it cleaned it up pretty well. It looks like new.I was concerned about the diamond chip on the sides, but they were fine. The sonic waves are really gentle. The only complaint? They need to use better glue for the rubber feet. <end>  Does a good job  This ultrasonic cleaner does a very good job. I like that you don't have to use a cleaning solution...it works with just water. We have used a little solution in the cleaner for heavily soiled items. My husband installs and services large machines so his watch gets VERY dirty. We used the watch holder in the cleaner and it came out sparkling. My wedding bands look like new! I would highly reccommend. <end>  It works for me  I got this ultrasonic cleaner a few weeks ago and have only used it for cleaning the parts of fountain pens. Although it is not as powerful at cleaning things as I had hoped, I have no other experiences with these devices to compare it to. It is compact, attractively designed, and does indeed clean things efficiently. I do recommend that you exercise caution with whatever jewelry you might place in the cleaner because these machines will loosen different kinds of glue or adhesives or bits of plating that are already flaking. <end>
 B000MW7HWA  4.25 carats Oval & Round Shape Peridot Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  4.25 carats Oval & round shape Peridot Pendent Earings set in Sterling silver  This was a Christmas present to my wife. Not only did my wife loved it, but our children(all adults) loved them too. <end>
 B000MWAKPG  2.50 carats Princess Cut Citrine Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Pretty  Came in a nice box so as to give as a gift and overall looks charming. I would not mind getting it as a gift myself! ;-) <end>
 B000MWEFCK  14k White Gold Diamond Crown Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Pretty design --Poor Quality  This delicate charm is dainty with small diamonds. However, within 2 weeks the last diamond on the row at the base of the crown fell out leaving a gaping hole. Then yesterday the charm "snapped"off its hinge making it unusable. <end>
 B000MWEG56  14k White Gold Diamond Soccer Boy Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  great Mothers Day gift  I love this!!! My husband says our son bought this for me for Mothers' Day... our son is 9 months old!! I love the way we can use Amazon for surprises for each other. I love this pendant! It is easy to see that it is a boy, he has a little smile on his face, and oh how it sparkles!!! <end>
 B000MWGC44  14k White Gold Diamond Baby Bottle Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Very cute charm  I loved this charm, however I thought it would be a real round bottle and it is only on the front. Also was going to use it on a tiffany like charm bracelette and the clasp does not fit around the metal ring of my bracelette so I have to get a small gold ring to attach it. The diamonds are very nice and overall I am pleased and feel that the price is good for the item. <end>
 B000MWHFLS  14k Yellow Gold Diamond High Heel Shoe Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  I am happy  I am very happy with my diamond shoe I am new to this and I did not think that I was be as happy as I am now I known where to go to shop on line <end>
 B000MWHH1Q  14k Yellow Gold Diamond "RN" Nurse's Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Great product for the money  I bought this charm for a friend who just became a nurse. Was worried it would look cheap, especially the diamond chips, but it was beautiful in person. The little diamond chips sparkle, the gold is heavy and well made. A great product for the money. Highly recommend. <end>
 B000MWHH66  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Snake Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Delicate beauty!  I got this necklace because lately the snake has become my totem animal and I wanted a reminder. This pendant is nicely detailed with diamonds alternating with a couple of bands of plain gold. It is delicate and not ostentatious at all, very classy. <end>
 B000MWHH9I  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Owl Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Too small, throw it back  This charm was so small, it didn't match any I already have. It was advertised as on sale for $99. At this tiny size, it was no bargain, even on sale. I returned it. <end>
 B000MWJF5C  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Libra Zodiac Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  NOT WHAT I EXPECTED  This Libra pendant was small and very light weight. I returned it because it seemed very juvenile and not what I expected. <end>
 B000MWJF7U  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Pisces Zodiac Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  pisces charm review  The charm was satisfactory especially for the price. I was quite happy with it and it was a part of a great present! <end>
 B000MWJFY8  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "A" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  A diamond intial  The product was great and I wear it all the time and I got it in record time. <end>
 B000MWJFYI  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "B" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Perfect Sized Charm  This charm was pretty and the perfect size for the bracelet I wanted to put it on. This charm had a nice weight to it and the diamonds were easily visible. I feel the price I paid was worth it. <end>
 B000MX3U3E  14k White Gold Diamond Sneaker Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  smaller than I expected  I ordered this to wear on a necklace with other "bootie type charms" I have representing my 4 children. When I received it I realized that it was too small next to the others I have.It is very cute and would work wonderfully on a charm bracelet or on its own as a delicate necklace charm. <end>
 B000MX3U84  14k White Gold Diamond Soccer Boy Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  great Mothers Day gift  I love this!!! My husband says our son bought this for me for Mothers' Day... our son is 9 months old!! I love the way we can use Amazon for surprises for each other. I love this pendant! It is easy to see that it is a boy, he has a little smile on his face, and oh how it sparkles!!! <end>
 B000MX3UHK  14k White Gold Diamond Scooter Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  rip off!  returned the item due to recieving white gold instead of yellow gold nd never got my new charm or a refund. <end>
 B000MX5ZMI  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Artist's Pallet Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Beautiful Piece  This item was purchased as a gift for our painting club president. She will be receiving it at the end of this year. It is an absolutely beautiful piece, and I'm sure she'll love it!Great price too. <end>
 B000MXB6WG  14k White Gold Diamond Masonic Symbol Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Nice CHARM to add to a bracelet  This charm is small and beautiful ... the hook on the charm broke after 1 week ... considering the price I was shocked at the small size and the fact that it broke so quickly ... BUT I will not return this product because I do love it despite the downfalls <end>
 B000MXB7BG  14k White Gold Diamond Initial "T" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  not quite as pictured  This charm fits the size description but when you actually see it in person, the diamonds are just specks in the charm and not at all how they appear to be in the photo. I'm glad I only paid a cheap price for it or I would have sent it back. <end>
 B000MXCGGG  Native Treasure Real Puka Shell Necklace White Cone Puka Shells Hawaiian Choker - 18" Inch 8mm (5/16") ||	  It will do  I bought this because I have always wanted one. Unfortunately it did not match the necklace that was shown on the website. The shell's are not as even in size as the ones pictured, and the clasp was different. I did not return it because it will do. <end>
 B000MZC8N0  Chesire Cat Sterling Silver and Enamel Pin by Zarah ||	  Immaginary blue Cheshire cat  The shape of the pin is very realistic . However its bright blue colour is unexpected adding a humorous note to it. <end>
 B000MZDVB8  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Pearl Earrings 6-6.5mm White Pearls with Silver Mount ||	  pearl earrings  I am very pleased with my pearl studs. They are just the right size and look great. <end>  Very pretty pearls!  Gave this to my sister-in-law as a gift and she loves them and wears them regularly. I would recommend them! <end>  Love these earrings  I love love these earrings. These definitely do not have highest quality .But for the price I paid. I definitely love it <end>  scratches on the surface, disappointed  I decided to buy this because it claims to be clean!~But it disappointed me with several scratches on the surface of one of the pearls..... <end>  Pretty for the price  The earrings are very nice for the price. However, after 9 months of regular use, one of the pearls had fallen off of the backing. <end>
 B000MZFLJI  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 12MM Black Shell Pearl Necklace ||	  Buy it while you still can....  I thought for the price I was getting a cheap item, but it looks and feels like real pearls. Course, you cant fool a jeweler, but it looks very nice. <end>  they're okay  I bought these and decided to return them. I think it's hard to buy jewelry online, but they weren't the color I was expecting and mostly I decided they just didn't look good on me. After seeing someone at a wedding wearing real, beautiful black pearls I really wanted my own without spending thousands of dollars, but I didn't think they looked real. Even though you're provided a picture of the clasp, I think they could have used a more decorative/prettier clasp. <end>  Clasp is lacking  The necklace is pretty and looks good (my wife was thrilled with it); however the clasp is thoroughly lacking. In only one day of wear it released itself three separate times, and we only continue to own the necklace because it is heavy enough that she noticed when it started to slip off - otherwise it would be on the ground somewhere. The 'pearls' are heavier than I thought they would be and the tiny little hook provided just isn't up to the task. <end>
 B000MZIZLO  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 12MM White Shell Pearl Necklace ||	  Well pleased  Couldn't have been bettered. delivery, security, packing and product all exceeded my expectations. Thank you very much <end>
 B000N21DLA  CZ ENGAGEMENT RING - 14KGP Solitaire Center Baguette Sides CZ Engagement Ring Size 8 ||	  Fantastic service  The ring was too big, but I was able to exchange it for a smaller size with absolutely no trouble at all. I especially liked the fact that a real human would respond to my emails - and promptly, I might add - so much nicer than receiving an automated response that wouldn't take care of my specific issue! And the ring is beautiful - I would definitely order from them again. <end>
 B000N23CSM  Blomdahl Medical Plastic Daisy - Rainbow/Alexandri ||	  Great earrings  These earrings do not irritate my ears which is amazing. I wear them all the time. <end>
 B000N26LXA  14k Yellow Gold Pear-Cut Amethyst Lever Back Earrings ||	  BEAUTIFUL AMETHYST EARRINGS  THESE ARE LOVELY GOLD EARRINGS WITH RICH PURPLE AMETHYST STONES. I HAVE HAD MANY COMPLEMENTS ON THEM. THEY ARE A GOOD ADDITION TO ANYONE'S WARDROBE. <end>  Amethyst Earrings  Beautiful earrings and they show nicely. The yellow gold definitely shows off against the gemstone and the pear shape complements them. <end>
 B000N2BURW  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Ring (2 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  2 ct diamond ring  Nice ring for the price! Lots of compliments! Diamonds a little cloudy, not as clear as some but the ring looks great on my finger. <end>  just amazing  This is so beautful thank you for everything. It was amazing to see it on my hand, clear dimonds everything, and more then what I thought again thanks God bless P. Pierce <end>
 B000N2MYPE  18k White Gold or Yellow Gold Aquamarine and Diamond Open Heart Pendant ||	  Beautiful piece  This necklace is beautiful... I'm so happy i found it. When my fiance saw it, she cried. It's the perfect gift for any holiday, and it's perfect because it come's in all different birthstone's and colors. Highly recommended!!-A VERY happy customer <end>
 B000N4XJOC  10k Yellow Gold Emerald Stud Earrings ||	  RIP-OFF  WHEN I GOT THIS IT SAID 2.5 CARET WEIGHT. WELL THEY CAME AND ARE .2 CARET WEIGHT AND ARE SO SMALL I WILL GIVE THEM TO GRANDDAUGHTER. NOT WORTH SENDING BACK AS IT'S TOO MUCH BOTHER TO DO!! WHAT A RIP-OFF. I WENT BACK TO SEE IF I READ IT WRONG AND IT'S STILL LISTED AT 2.5 CARET SIZE!! <end>
 B000N4XQ0E  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Pendant ||	  Nice design, but dull  I know if you're buying Cubic Zirconium, you really shouldn't expect too much, but I've seen some beautiful ones, so I was hopeful with this. The CZ "stone" in the middle is foggy, almost. You can only tell if you're looking closely, but it's still there. Looks like a real diamond from far away.It's about the size of your pinkie fingernail - not too big, but it catches the light and sparkles everywhere.I'd definitely buy another one of these if it weren't for the foggy quality of the stone. <end>
 B000N4YSOC  14K Yellow Gold Created Ruby Journey Pendant with Chain 18" ||	  A great gift  I purchased this pendant for my wife on our 40th anniversary (ruby). I found the quality and workmanship to be superb. My wife loved it. It looks more elegant in hand than on the site. <end>  Ruby Pendant  I purchased this for my sister as a birthday present. I was very pleased with this created ruby necklace. The fire and brillance are amazing and would have cost quite a pretty penny had they been mined instead of lab created. The chain looks delicate at first glance but the links they use are quite sturdy. My sister loved it and I will look for other items on Amazon from Netaya in the future. <end>  14K Yellow Gold Created Ruby Journey Pendant with Chain  14K Yellow Gold Created Ruby Journey Pendant with Chain 18"The pendant and chain came in a timely manner. My wife was overjoyed with it. It was a Valentine's Day gift and she wore it that night when we went out to dinner. The quality is excellent and the rubies are beautiful. <end>  A great piece of Jewelry Collection  I got this for myself as my Christmas present, looks very elegant, I love the rubies, my birthstone. Nice to wear in evening out with black dress. I will 100% recommend this piece as gift for any occasion. I'm glad I found a place to shop with quality jewelries. Very reasonable prices. <end>  Great Item  Very nice workmanship - not superb, but definite quality for the price.Some notes  - The necklace chain is pretty thin. Will be purchasing a slightly thicker one in the future.- When I bought this I had been anticipating a "ruby red" color, but when I received it they were much more pink than red. After doing research post this purchase I realize now there's quite a range of color, but just to make people aware. <end>  Fabulous  This pendant is more beautiful than it is in the picture.The ruby setting is outstanding, and heavily crafted for the size.The color is deep red.The chain is thin but compliments the piece. I recommend it. <end>
 B000N4ZYRW  Unique 18 Karat White Gold Designer Link Style Wedding Band Ring ||	  Highly recommend!  Love the product! Excellent customer service, quick, efficient & very friendly. Would recommend to everyone! <end>
 B000N5V4SE  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Heart Pendant (1/10 cttw, I-J Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  Tangled chain..  Heart Pendant is beautiful, but the chain was tangled in nots.. it took meabout one hour to untangle it.... <end>  Major Value, Minor Price ..  I bought two of these pendants for my teenage daughters for Valentines Day, as our family has been through a tough several months taking care of their Mom, who has breast cancer. My daughters were very touched by the gift, and they certainly were excited to know that yes, those are genuine diamonds and "real" 14K gold. It is a dainty but pretty pendant, and my daughters have worn them so much since presentation, I know they mean a lot to them ... this pendant can be worn with either very dressy or even very casual clothes, and is striking to the eye in either case. <end>  birthday gift  I ordered this for my daughter-in-laws birthday. She adored it and it made her whole day, she wore it to work that evening and received many compliments. One happy customer! Delivery was right on time and the picture & description were right on. <end>
 B000N5XEIM  14k White Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Stud Earrings (1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  Love it  I love these earrings. Absolutely beautiful and can be worn with any attire for any occasion . A must buy <end>
 B000N5YGIY  DeGruchy Large Blue Topaz Ring (size  7) ||	  Absolutely gorgeous ring. Very pleased!  This DeGruchy Large Blue Topaz Ring is amazing. It's a heavy, solid ring. The stone is absolutely beautiful. I constantly get compliments on it. Treat yourself. <end>
 B000N5Z912  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Bridal Set (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  GORGEOUS WEDDING SET  I just got this ring set in the mail today and I absolutely love it!!!! I had been looking for a wedding set that was just like my grandmothers & this is it. Classy, elegant, sparkly, beautiful, a real beauty. <end>  Not bad at all  The diamonds in the picture are nothing close to the size they look in the picture but the ring is awesome and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone for the price. Hands down, no doubt. The ring looks amazing for the price. Just don't expect the diamonds to look as big as they do in the picture. <end>  Elegant, beautiful set!  I just got this set for my 25th anniversary. It is sooo beautiful!!! I expected it to be nice from the picture - but it's so much better than I ever hoped!!! I can't believe this price... wow!!!!! I got the yellow gold, it's a beautiful set and a great buy!!! <end>
 B000N637XI  14k White Gold Diamond Dangle Heart "Mom" Ring (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS  WHEN I SAW THIS RING ON AMAZON.COM I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.I LOVE HEART JEWERLY. ONCE I RECEIVED THIS RING I WAS SO GLAD THAT I HAD ORDERED IT. THIS RING IS VERY ELEGANT. I JUST LOVE MY DANGLE HEART BAND RING WITH THE DIAMONDS SPARKLING, OOO...SO NICE. GREAT BUY ALSO. <end>  chic little firecracker  What a great little sparkler. I bought this ring for my middle finger. The ring is well made and well thought out. Although it's a small ring and better suited for a lady with petite hands, the diamonds are clear and a great value for the price. The photo shows that the ring appears to have a high profile. Not so in person, it's all well balanced. If you are expecting a larger ring with a larger heart and big diamonds, then it's not the ring for you. If you expect a diminutive small diamond ring with a lot of fire, then buy it. I think it really looks best on a middle finger and it's true to size. <end>
 B000N637YC  14k White Gold Black Diamond Ring (1/3 cttw) ||	  Beautiful Ring  This was actually bigger than i expected. I get so many compliments on this ring. It is a dainty ring but stands out. I am so pleased and wear it every day. The tiny chips of diamonds compliment the center stone.You do not have to have it under lights for it to sparkle. One of the best purchases i have made. <end>  Classic design, very sturdy and comfortable  I purchased this ring when I lost my wedding band. Sure it doesn't look like a wedding band, but for the price, I had a ring to wear again. The profile is not shown in Amazon's pics. The setting around the central diamond is an open scroll type design -- like an antique ring. The black diamond does not pit or scuff like black onyx. It is a simple but effective cut. The accessory diamonds do sparkle and in the 4-5 months I've worn this ring, I've not lost any of the little diamond chips. They appear to be fixed well on the band. I bought it at the Friday sale for about $100. I'd buy it again in a flash for the $129 it's listed at today. <end>  ohiobuckeye  Ring is tiny and more square than round as picture shows. Beautiful ring. I have gotten alot of compliments on it. Ring is more contemporary looking in person. I love it. <end>  Bad condition rings  This ring is a beautiful ring but the first shipment of this ring had scratches on the diamond and was missing 2 diamonds on the shoulder of the ring. I returned the ring for a replacement of the same ring, the second ring was even worse. Clearly visible white scratch right in the middle of a black diamond does not look that great. And this time 1 diamond missing on the shoulder of the ring. I returned it for a refund. Thanks alot Amazon. <end>  My girlfriend loves it  I got this ring for my girlfriend and she just loves it, it's so pretty and trust me looks better in person then the picture, it's just very beautiful. <end>  Just my size  The ring just arrived - about a week after I ordered it. It is the perfect size for me - perfect size diamonds and perfect size ring. I love it! It sparkles and shines and is just what I expected. There are some flaws in the black diamond that you can see on the inside of the stone - but I don't mind because that makes it apparent that the stone is not an onyx or other dark stone. The holdings do not look completely sturdy - so I will have to see how well it holds up to wear. But it is a beautiful ring. <end>  epic fail quality!!!!  Length   0 37 Minsi always buy my stuff from amazon..so one day i decided to buy a ring for my wife as a valentine's gift..this ring is epic fail..bad quality..the black stone in the middle black stone is all cracked up and tarnished..i even took a macro picture of the ring...i returned it right away.. <end>  Expensive looking ring with many comments  I was shopping for a gift at Williams-Sonoma over the weekend. Two ladies that were next to me comment on my ring, "how beautiful it was". Then when I went to pay for my items, the sales assoicates also comment on my ring and asks what kind of stone was it I said a black diamond. <end>  beautiful!  this was halloween gift from my boyfriend, and i absolutely love it! the picture does not do it justice, it is very sparkly and lovely. <end>  Black Diamond Ring  I received this ring from my son for my birthday and was very impressed. I've never owned a black diamond. It's very elegant. The small diamonds around it set it off beautifully. I would definitely purchase another black diamond! <end>  Girl friend loved it  My girl friend loved it and it was exactly the right size. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Wedding Ring  Purchased to be my wedding band. I loved it when I first got it but after a short time I am already missing a small diamond stone on the far right. but it is beautiful and I do wear it all the time. Get a lot of compliments on it. <end>  POOR  When I had received this ring, I took a quick look at it. First thing I noticed was that it was ALOT smaller than what the picture makes you think it is. But I gave it to my girlfriend hoping she will still like it. She did but there was something wrong. TWO DIAMONDS WERE MISSING!!! So I returned asking a refund. Now customer service will not refund me or give me the ring back!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!! DONT BUY!!!!!!! <end>  Black & White Diamond Ring  This ring is fabulous, I have received so many compliments on how beautiful this ring is. It is so classy with the black diamond in the middle and white diamonds surrounding it. It has become one of my favorite peices of jewelry. <end>  Beautiful ring  I was going over the intertubes for quite some time looking for a ring for my girlfriend for Christmas. This ring caught my eye quite a few times, and everytime I thought I found a better ring, I kept coming back to this.I finally decided to purchase this ring, and I must tell you, in person, it is so beautiful. I never imagined it'd be so much better looking than even this like, super model picture of it.I kind of want to keep it for myself to tell you the truth. =( <end>  My new favorite ring  Sorry, white diamonds, I have a new favorite ring, and that's my black diamond. It is BEAUTIFUL! <end>  Love it!  I received this ring as a birthday present in July. I love small rings. This is dainty and beautiful, perfect for me. I get a ton of compliments. I work in a hospital and wear it daily. Between the hand sanitizer and washing my hands a million times a day it has held up wonderfully. I haven't lost a single stone and they still sparkle like they did the day I got it. This is the best present I have ever received. <end>  classy looking ring  Beautiful style of ring. The white diamonds are very sparkly, they are also very small. Still very glowing. Not very substantial. Good for daily use. The black diamond has good size. Would recommend. <end>  I love it  I just received this ring today from my boyfriend and I just love it. It does look bigger on Amazon then in real life, but it still stands out. <end>  black diamond ring  The white diamonds were smaller than I had expected. I bought it on sale so I don't mind. It is pretty but it can't possibly be worth the original price of 392.07. <end>  Wonderful Ring  I was given this ring on V'day from my Boyfriend as an engagement ring, I couldn't have asked for anything better it's beautiful I love it. The ring shines and sparkles even in dim light. It's bigger then it looks in the pictures and the open scroll inlay is stunning and it has this amazing antique look to it. I constantly get complements on it. It's the perfect ring engagement ring for some one who wants something different and stunning. <end>  Gorgeous!  Beautiful craftsmanship and amazing quality! The black diamond is perfect, the gold is stunning, and the diamond accents are a nice touch that makes the ring on a whole something of a dream. I would highly reccommend this for anyone who is looking to buy something for that special someone or for themselves that is unique, special, eye catching, and of outstanding quality! <end>  Black Diamond Ring  The ring was very nice and I was pleased. It is a little smaller than shown in the picture, though. After following the sizing chart, it fit good and did not need sizing. The ring was definitely worth the price paid. <end>  Beautiful ring  The ring is very solid and well crafted. It looks beautiful. The black diamond has a minor scratch on the top face but is noticeable only with a magnifying glass. <end>  Itsa nice  Its a nice ring, gave it to my girl its worth what you pay for it. <end>  Lost diamonds!  This ring is gorgeous, and I enjoyed it for a few months. However, after only occasional wear, I've lost two diamonds from the shoulder of the ring. I am very disappointed, as this was one of my favorite rings, and now, with the missing stones, it's too shabby to wear. <end>  request!  can anyone upload a pic of this ring? i love this ring but really want to know how it ACTUALLY looks before buying it. <end>  nice ring  It is a very nice, elegant ring. But it is delicate, so do not expect huge. I am happy with the purchase. <end>  Lovely ring  I'm really not a diamond person yet I love this ring. The black set inthe clear is quite lovely. <end>  looks better online  The ring was missing 2 small diamonds when I got it. It looks a lot better and bigger online, and while it is cute in person, be careful for the smaller diamonds falling out randomly. <end>  Diamond appeared bigger on pictures  We could not ask the more for this price, but the diamond appeared bigger on Amazon's ad. The ring size is one order bigger so we returned to Amazon. Amazon refunded the price less shipping, thank Amazon for us to try. <end>  I saw a 1 carat ring I liked better  I saw a 1 carat you carried that was much prettier for less than dbl the cost. I simply prefer the 1 carat <end>
 B000N6516Y  14k White Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000N66KJQ  14k White Gold Hoop Earrings (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  GREAT PURCHASE  These earrings are absolutely beautiful. The diamond accents are tastefully placed to add to a unique appearance. Highly recommended. <end>  don't buy  They look cheap and weird in person. Don't buy I had to return them <end>  Beautiful !  Earrings arrived in two days and are small but beautiful! The perfect size for everyday wear.Just the right amount of sparkle! <end>  Skip over these...  This item was bought as a gift. I guess I shouldn't have expected a lot for the price, but was disappointed by the small irregular looking diamonds that seemed to distract, rather than add to the earrings. They would have been better with one row of diamonds in the center, or even none at all. The overall size of the earrings was very small, too, and likely will come barely just under the ear, instead of hanging down a little. The picture they show you online looked much better than the item I received.  ( <end>  simply ugly  14K Yellow Gold Hoop Earings (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity)photo is very deceiving, its not what it looks like in person...just dont buy at all... <end>
 B000N66M6C  14k White Gold Black Diamond Stud Earrings (4 cttw) ||	  Did not look like the photo  I loved the photo, and the price!When I opened the box, I was disappointed that both earrings had inclusions on the top of the table (top of the stone) which were quite visible with only my eye. I am not a diamond expert and do not know if the price was good for this item or not. However, I purchased the earrings thinking they would look like the photo and these clearly were not the earrings used for the promotional photograph. I would not have wanted the earrings if I had seen them prior to placing the order. I returned them and had no problem receiving a refund. <end>  Not 4 cttw.  This is definitely not 4 cttw. A 2 ct diamond measures anywhere from 7 to 7.5 mm. So when I read the product detail saying that it measures 7.15 mm I thought this must be 4 cttw and that's why I ordered a pair. But I was so frustrated when I received the package because the diamond measured only 5.5 mm so it must be 2 cttw. I am returning this. <end>  black diamond earings  the product was just what i expected, except for the stud..but for the price you cant beat it....till the nxt business <end>
 B000N66NWU  10k White Gold Diamond Journey Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Love it!  This ring is absolutely adorable. It looks just like it does in the photo.My fingers are petite and it's not too big or too small. Now if you like bold flashy jewelry then it's not for you. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I'm just learning about good quality diamonds and the stones aren't like crystal clear but they are definitely still pretty with a good shine to them. <end>  B-E-A-UTIFUL  I had purchased a ring almost double the price of this one from kohls.com, same specs... 14k white gold and 1/4 cttw. When I recieved it in the mail it was a piece of junk! I knew i was on a budget and you get what you pay for right? Wrong, I returned it that day and found this little gem. I was hesitant to buy, but decided to anyways and boy am I glad I did! No noticable defects in the diamonds to the naked eye (the baguette in the previous ring i purchased looked like broken shards of glass!) and the stones don't appear to have a yellow tint at all. Very happy! <end>  It's nice but--  They have a nice sparkle for a ring of this price. That said, I find that the ring bends/flexes too easily, I am definitely afraid it will fall off at some point. <end>  Extraordinary beauty at an affordable price  I've bought jewelry before, but never a ring and never from an online retailer, so I was a bit leery of purchasing right away; I took my time looking at all the different styles and finally settled on this (the journey diamond ring). Amazon's collection truly had the most versatile selection all set to a price that won't break your budget. I strongly recommend purchasing from them, you couldn't ask for better quality even from a professional jeweler. <end>  EXACTLY what I wanted, and EXACTLY what I expected  I ordered this ring as a birthday present for my girlfriend and as soon as I got it I knew she was going to love it. The fact that the shipping was free and came within 10 days of ordering it (I chose the FREE Super Saver Shipping option) only made the shopping experience more enjoyable.I would not even try to find a ring like this at a department store or jeweler for this price.Overall I am very happy with the order and the received product <end>
 B000N66QF4  14k White Gold Diamond Heart Ring (1/10 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  Everyday wear  This was purchased as a gift via Amazon and intended for everyday wear. The band has been standing up fine however two diamonds have been lost in less than a year. The replacement cost for the first one lost was 30 dollars. <end>  Beautiful  I ordered this ring to replace one from my ex-bf I had been wearing every day. While I was a little worried there was no feedback (I'm a little of a review junkie), I went ahead and purchased this one after shopping around. I fell in love as soon as I opened the little box. The diamonds have good shine to them but are not garish in the least, and I just love the overall design (I just love how the heart isn't your everyday typical kind). This will definitely be perfect for wearing all the time, whether with a t-shirt or more dressed up. <end>  Return-no credit  I returned this ring because it was too small. Your return department told me the box was empty when recieved. Well, it was not empty when I shipped it back. Answer from your office was something like, "OH well- sorry!" I do not understand how this can happen and I am just out $200+ dollars. I am VERY disatisfied. Except for Kindle books I will not order from you again.14k White Gold Diamond Heart Ring (1/10 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 8 <end>
 B000N6AN7G  10k White Gold 2-Stone Split-Bale Diamond Ring (0.08 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Great buy!  I bought this as a promise ring for my girl friend and she liked it very much. The two diamonds look very good. The ring is simple but beautiful at the same time and for the price, it is a great buy indeed. <end>  Great Promise Ring  I gave this to my girlfriend as a promise ring and she loved it. The diamonds are extremely tiny, but that works well with a promise ring. The ring is very pretty and very well made. <end>  Nice ring  This is a very nice little ring for the price. Makes a nice promise ring, but I bought it because it was very dainty looking and I wanted it as a pinkie ring. I give it 5 stars because it met what I wanted and more for the price . . very pretty. <end>  Perfect Christmas Present  My mom bought me this ring as a christmas present two years ago and I absolutely love it. It is very small, but it works out because it is discrete, and pops when you look at it. Mine is still shiny and looks brand new, so this ring wears very well. I am looking for a new ring for my other hand, but I wear this ring everyday. This ring is not only perfect for a girlfriend, but it's also perfect for a daughter. <end>  Love This Ring!  Let me start this review by saying - I planned on just having a plain wedding band for my wedding ring. I've never been a fan if big giant diamonds and I am also prone to losing jewelry and snagging it on stuff and breaking it. I came across this ring on Amazon and decided to change from the plain wedding band, to this. The item arrived quickly and in a nice blue velvet box. Its adorable! Its perfect if you want an understated ring and if giant diamonds aren't your thing. The diamonds are nested in the setting so they aren't raised and won't snag on anything. For the price of the ring they are bigger than I expected them to be, and very sparkly and beautiful! The ring itself is also very shiny, the fit was perfect. This is one purchase where I feel like I got more than I paid for, which doesn't happen very often! Since I have been wearing it people have commenting on how nice it is, noticing it before I even show it to them. That should tell you how good it looks. People also think it was very expensive. I am very happy with this purchase. I can't wait for my wedding now! <end>  Perfect fit  This ring is petite, charming, and sparkly. It doesn't draw too much attention to itself, but it remains beautiful. Shipping was quick, and it arrived in a beautiful ring box.I only have 1 small issue with it. It seems one of the diamonds has a small chip on it, and tends to catch itself on random clothing fuzz sometimes. This makes me concerned over the quality of the diamonds, but I got it on sale ($40) so it doesn't concern me that much. Be aware of it if you buy it full price though. <end>  Great Ring  Bought it for the fiance and she loved it. She couldn't be happier with any other ring and the only downside is it needs to be resized now but thats not the fault of anyone. <end>
 B000N6ANAS  10k White Gold Diamond Journey Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Love it!  This ring is absolutely adorable. It looks just like it does in the photo.My fingers are petite and it's not too big or too small. Now if you like bold flashy jewelry then it's not for you. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I'm just learning about good quality diamonds and the stones aren't like crystal clear but they are definitely still pretty with a good shine to them. <end>  B-E-A-UTIFUL  I had purchased a ring almost double the price of this one from kohls.com, same specs... 14k white gold and 1/4 cttw. When I recieved it in the mail it was a piece of junk! I knew i was on a budget and you get what you pay for right? Wrong, I returned it that day and found this little gem. I was hesitant to buy, but decided to anyways and boy am I glad I did! No noticable defects in the diamonds to the naked eye (the baguette in the previous ring i purchased looked like broken shards of glass!) and the stones don't appear to have a yellow tint at all. Very happy! <end>  It's nice but--  They have a nice sparkle for a ring of this price. That said, I find that the ring bends/flexes too easily, I am definitely afraid it will fall off at some point. <end>  Extraordinary beauty at an affordable price  I've bought jewelry before, but never a ring and never from an online retailer, so I was a bit leery of purchasing right away; I took my time looking at all the different styles and finally settled on this (the journey diamond ring). Amazon's collection truly had the most versatile selection all set to a price that won't break your budget. I strongly recommend purchasing from them, you couldn't ask for better quality even from a professional jeweler. <end>  EXACTLY what I wanted, and EXACTLY what I expected  I ordered this ring as a birthday present for my girlfriend and as soon as I got it I knew she was going to love it. The fact that the shipping was free and came within 10 days of ordering it (I chose the FREE Super Saver Shipping option) only made the shopping experience more enjoyable.I would not even try to find a ring like this at a department store or jeweler for this price.Overall I am very happy with the order and the received product <end>
 B000N6ANCG  10k Tri-Colored Gold Diamond Stack Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Set of 3 ||	  Disappointing  Online this ring looks great, but in person it is disappointing. I have small hands (size 5) and while it is obviously a dainty ring, the teeny stones made it look like children's jewelry. The prongs are the only metal that is visible when you wear it, so looking down at it you can't appreciate that the ring is made of 3 different colors. Based on the other reviews I took a chance and I don't want anyone else to make the same mistake. I've returned the ring and am looking forward to picking out something else. Amazon as usual made the return process very easy! <end>  Great Item / Great Value  My wife has tricolor bracelets and I bought her these rings to match them and she loves them! [...] it was a true homerun purchase of unbeatable value. Rings look great and the diamonds sparkle nicely. Highly recommend. <end>  So So  Pros  The rings had a nice weight for the current prices of gold (averaging $86 a ring for a set of 3) and it would be hard to dent or bend the bands. Most could wear these on a daily basis and only get normal wear to the surface. Even though there is three rings I ordered my normal ring size and being they are skinny in width they fit my finger (I usually have to order a size larger for stack bands to account for the ring widths).Cons  The bands widths are skinny making it hard to notice the tri-color contrast. The diamond quality is very poor. The diamonds are extremely tiny and when you inspect them they are milky grey in color. I don't even think there is a diamond grade for this kind of quality.  (It wasn't what I was looking for and returned the set. <end>  i Love it!  When you will look at the 3 rings it looks like a child ring but if you all of them, it so elegant...Can't stop staring at them &lt;3 <end>  Delicate, yet perfect!  I was so excited to receive this ring set; it was a special gift for myself. As soon as I put it on, I knew it was perfect. I have really tiny hands, so I didn't want a set that would look huge, or silly, and this set was just right. It is quite delicate, so if you're looking for something flashy, this isn't for you. However, the sparkle is subtle, but really shows through in the light and the colors make this ring a perfect match for the rest of your jewelry. I most definitely recommend this set! Now if I could only stop looking down at my hand ;) <end>  Sleek Elegance  These rings are very sleek and modern. The diamonds shine nicely in the right light. The rings put together are smaller than imagined but still satisfying. I recommend this product for anyone seeking tri-colored gold and sleek elegance. <end>  If you're looking for great diamonds, don't stop here...  This trio of rings looks great in the photo, but not so much in real life. The diamonds look more like chips, which is to be expected given that the total weight is just .25 carats and is spread out between three individual rings. When you put it on, it does sparkle in the same way glitter might, so one would certainly know they are diamonds.I was undecided as to if I wanted to keep it or not, but I decided to keep it when I asked some co-workers their opinions. Most liked the ring(s) right away. It wasn't until I placed them next to a ring with far superior diamond quality that anyone really had any criticisms for this product.To be fair, I'd wouldn't say that I absolutely hate these rings; the good thing about them is that they are channel set in such a way that you can see each individual band is a differnt color gold.In short, if you're looking for an inexpensive trio to wear daily or maybe incorporate into other stackables you've purchased in the past, give this one a chance. If you're looking for fine diamonds, this probably isn't the product for you. <end>  Love these  I wear these beautiful rings almost everyday. They are just enough of a touch of diamonds. They sparkle and the combination of the three different colors are great. <end>  WIFE WAS SO HAPPY  RECEIVED THE TRI RINGS VERY PRETTY GAVE TO THE WIFE OF 23 YEARS AND SHE JUST MELTED AND SAID I LOVE YOU <end>
 B000N6AQ6Y  14k White Gold Round and Baguette Diamond Ring (3/8 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Way too small  Ring is way too small and looks like a toy when putting it on. I would not recommend if you want a nice 1/2 carat ring. <end>  beautiful diamond band!  i bought this ring as a wedding band and i was pleasantly surprised-- it is truly beautiful. it's super sparkley and much less ostentatious than it might appear. it looks perfect with my engagement ring! the only problem is that i have to wait 5 months before i can wear it.... <end>
 B000N6AQ9Q  14k Rose Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000N6JA1G  Signature Cubic Zirconia Squiggle Journey ||	  Nice  This is very nice, the pendant hanging down is not as long as it looks in the picture but I still like it, the price was right. <end>  Wore in my wedding  Beautiful and GREAT quality. Sparkled in every photo taken.Only downside is the chain was a little cheap so I put it on anothr chain. Earrings were a great addition to wear as well!I love wearing this knowing if by chance I lose it, its not $1000. (but it definately looks like it!) <end>
 B000N6PP9M  Signature Open Heart Station Necklace ||	  Beautiful  its beautiful! its a good length, kind of short but that allows me to wear two chains at the same time )I can wear it in the shower and all thatthe clasp broke the first day I got it, but I fixed it and have had no other problems since, I love it  ) &lt;3 <end>
 B000N85XT2  Sterling Silver Cute Multi Amber Butterfly Hook Dangle Earrings ||	  very nice earrings  These were purchased as a gift for an amber jewelry collector. I liked the little butterfly design. She loved all the different amber in them. I was pleased that they were a perfect size for anyone. I was almost afraid that they were going to be on the small size but they weren't. I would totally recommend them to anyone thinking of buying them. The price is great for what you get. <end>
 B000N8GPYE  Sterling Silver "Fleur-de-lis" Red Crystal Drop Earrings ||	  Exactly as advertised!  The earrings arrived in a neat little box with a product card. They were perfect for my friend, the French teacher's, birthday. Reasonable in price and beautiful...who could ask for more? <end>
 B000N8QGDY  10k Yellow Gold Oval Pave Diamond Hoop Earrings (3/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  the best diamonds earings ever!!!!  I just recive the hoops diamonds in valentine's day and I was worried because other people's reviews were not good, but I've got to said they are lovely . I 've been doing some shopping around and I didn't find the quality that I saw today ,great buy for the price belive me they are great. <end>
 B000N8SDEY  10k White Gold Channel-Set Diamond Hoop Earrings (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Ok for the money  The price is reasonable as compared to mall stores, but it is not in the same league as even the stock items, those chain's carry. Because of the small size of the stones one can not see all of the dirt each one has. However the color was ok and the stones fairly matched. None were milky. The gold setting has a sizable amount of cut outs so it is not a solid setting. Again as with the stones, most people will not notice it on first blush. So although cheaper than the mall stores, it is less of a product. But overall, the things done to make it less of a product, probably will not be noticed. <end>
 B000N8SDGW  10k White Gold Channel-Set Diamond Hoop Earrings (1 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Diamond Hoops  Excellent quality and price. These earrings were a gift for my mother and she loves them. The diamonds are easily visible and we did not notice any carbon markings within the stones -- the stones were surprisingly very clear -- I think I got lucky with this set!! I compared the price and diamond clarity with other online jewelers and feel confident that I made the right decision to purchase them from Amazon. <end>  Simple and elegant  I actually ended up buying these earrings twice. The first time I thought that they were a little too simple for what I was looking for at the time--so I returned them. I kept looking at other earrings without any luck. What I wanted was a pair of earrings to wear everyday, but I wanted them with some diamonds, white gold, and not too big. The next time that these earrings were on offer (during Diamond month) I bought them again and now I wear them all the time. The gold is heavy, the diamonds are a nice size (althought they don't shine very much). The earrings look elegant and simple, and are comfortable, perfect for everyday wear. <end>
 B000N8TVAE  10k White Gold Oval Pave Diamond Hoop Earrings (3/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  the best diamonds earings ever!!!!  I just recive the hoops diamonds in valentine's day and I was worried because other people's reviews were not good, but I've got to said they are lovely . I 've been doing some shopping around and I didn't find the quality that I saw today ,great buy for the price belive me they are great. <end>
 B000ND23LI  Naruto  Leaf Symbol Necklace ||	  love it  I love this necklace, it's so great! I think any Naruto fan would enjoy this piece of konoha pride! it's a wonderful accessory <end>  I like the Naruto necklace!!  I am a Naruto fan, and I brought this necklace for my birthday! It looks great on me, not to mention the meaning of the leaf symbol. It made my birthday special. <end>
 B000NDHCGE  Genuine Swarovski Crystal Lavender, Light Blue, Crystal Stretch Bracelet Set ||	  simply amazing  The bracelets look more beautiful than in the picture! The crystals are just great! And the package is wonderful! 5 stars from me <end>
 B000NDL3OQ  Customizable Knotted Nylon Necklace or Decorative - 3 Pcs ||	  Great deal good quality A+  Just came in the mail a little while ago, an I am VERY happy with my purchase. Price was great, shipped very quickly (picked the cheapest shipping option). It came with three beautiful cord necklaces, (little longer than i needed, but i mis-measured so its my fault) I'm using the green one for a jade pendant I bought from a separate seller. I am 100% happy with what I payed for, they even sent me a small key chain type cord really pretty! I would Deffinantly buy from them again!  3 probably going to get another jadeite pendant to wear on my other necklaces!  ) <end>
 B000NG1WIA  GENUINE Swarovski Crystal GREEN 3 Bracelet Set GIFT! ||	  stretchy sparkle  These bracelets are very pretty and catch the light while very reasonable in price. The colors are soft and the stretch is perfect. <end>
 B000NGJ2RS  Sterling Silver Epoxy Butterfly Charm ||	  Butterfly charm  My children ordered this for their Grandmother for a Christmas gift. She loved it! It is now on her charm bracelet. The little butterfly arrived on time and in perfect condition. Thanks. <end>
 B000NGJ3N6  Sterling Silver 3mm Amethyst Necklace, 18" ||	  tiny stones; good reaction  The stones are so small you can hardly see them. But my wife loved it, and it looks good on her. She likes her jewelry more subtle than gaudy. <end>  My wife loves it  The stones are a bit small, and not as colorful as the picture, but the necklace is beautiful and well made. Interesting clasp with a non-rolling chain. Nice. <end>  POOR QUALITY  This is a very poor quality necklace. I needed to take it in direct light before I could see any stones, nothing like picture shown. No bill in the box, so sadly, I am unable to return. <end>
 B000NGKKEW  Sterling Silver Enamel Blue Rocking Horse Charm ||	  Great First Mother's Day Gift  Great buy and good quality. It made an awesome gift for a first time mom on her first Mother's Day. <end>
 B000NGKLC8  Sterling Silver Amethyst Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  Sparkly but pale  This is a lovely bracelet with shiny silver and sparkly stones that are - PALE!!! The color is much lighter than in the picture. So now I have a whole collection of too-pale amethyst jewelry. But it is still a very nice bracelet and it goes with the other pieces so well, so I am going o keep it. <end>  nice but....  I bought the bracelet expecting the stones to look like amethyst. Unfortunately they lack color and almost appear like a very pale rose quartz. It is well constructed and comfortable. Thats about all I can say about it. I was not pleased with this purchase. <end>  Inconsistent color  I purchased 3 of these bracelets. The stones in 2 of them were very light which made the bracelets look extremely cheap. The third bracelet had darker stones with just a few lighter stones mixed in. It was much better looking. <end>  Gorgeous!  I purchased this bracelet as a gift and was very pleased at how lovely it was in person. Very delicate and simple design with a classic style. <end>  Happily Received  A Sterling Silver Amethyst Bracelet Review  I found this sterling silver amethyst bracelet at a great low price, so I bought several for gift giving. The bracelet comes in a small gift box and includes a storage pouch. The amethysts are a pale purple, providing subtle contrast between the stones and the sterling silver.When I first saw the bracelet I thought the stones were way too pale. They certainly aren't as deep as the image suggests. However I sent a couple out to family members as birthday gifts. Many in my family have skin issues and react negatively to plated jewelry. The both recipients loved their new bracelet.If I had bought this for myself I would be unhappy, I would expect deeper color in the stones. As an inexpensive gift the receiver has no preconceived expectations, both family members were excited and raved about their gift. For my purpose, this sterling silver amethyst bracelet was perfect.PROS Nice giftSterling silverCONS Pale stones <end>  Pale, mismatched stones make it look cheap  I got this bracelet at a very low price, and still, it's not worth what little I paid for it. The stones are terribly, conspicuously mismatched, ranging from pale lavender to nearly clear with a hint of pink. Some of the stones seem cloudy and don't sparkle at all, even in direct sunlight. On the plus side, the setting seems sturdy and the clasp is secure. The silver has a nice polish to it. But the poor-quality stones ruin it for me, so I'm returning the bracelet for a refund. <end>  She Loved It!  I bought this as a birthday gift for a "special friend". Very reasonable price, and item was just as described. It arrived quickly, and my lady friend was VERY appreciative. <end>  Extremely thin  I had seen the negative review on this bracelet before ordering, and so my expectations were low, and it did meet my low expectations. The bracelet is very thin, about 3 mm wide, and the stones are tiny though they have a good shine. They don't look like amethyst, more like transparent cubic zirconia, with a very light pink hue to them. The bracelet is comfortable and nice. Definitely not worth the $50 price tag on it. You can get similar looking bracelets in stores for $15. <end>
 B000NGMNC4  Sterling Silver Four Leaf Clover Charm ||	  Very small ad for China  This is more of a charm than a keychain... If that's what you're looking for, buy away! However, the side of the shamrock that isn't shown has a relatively big stamp (not a sticker that can be removed) in the metal that says "CHINA." Not quite the Irish spirit I was looking for. <end>  Nice, but too small  Maybe it's my fault, but I expected this to be larger. It is very small. <end>  Very nice quality!  This is a very nice quality charm. Very pretty and shinny silver. I am not to sure if I like the word "China" printed on the back so much, but overall I am pleased and it looks nice as a charm on my bracelet. <end>  front is cute  This is a cute little shamrock charm... but I'm not a fan of the CHINA stamp on the back of it that is about half the width of the back. But the front is really cute. <end>  Not sure if it's sterling?  This charm has a goldish tint to it that made me think maybe it wasn't authentically sterling, but it was stamped with 925, as well as a GIANT "China" imprint. Not very pleased with the color or the stamp. <end>  Good Product!  This cute little charm was just the thing I needed for my necklace chain. It's quite small (around 1-1.5 cm), but I love it!! Would reccomend! <end>  tarnished  i was so looking forward to getting this charm and starting my charm bracelet. i was most dissapointed with the quality of the charm. it was practically black from tarnish, not shiney like the picture shows and it is super tiny!!! very poor. but i guess you get what you pay for! <end>  junk  This item is awful! they have stamped the word China and a number into the face of the clover. who wants that?! <end>  EXTREMELY SMALL CHARM  I expected this charm to be much bigger and didn't think to check the measurements when it popped up as my search for a &#34;four leaf clover key chain.&#34; It is EXTREMELY small. about the size of my finger nail. So if that is what you are looking for than this is the purchase for you. If you were looking for a key chain as I was don't waste your money. It barely fits on my key ring. <end>  Too Small A Clover  If the seller had been specific about the size of this item, it would have eliminated the need of returning it. And MADE IN CHINA stamped on the back of it? -- REALLY ! <end>  It's not a keychain!  My biggest problem with this product is actually my fault. I searched for &#34;four leaf clover keychain&#34;, and this was the first item on the list. I did not read the entire name of the item which ends in &#34;charm&#34; or the description. The picture gave me no size reference so it actually looked like a keychain. And of course it was exactly what I was looking for in a keychain, sooo... I bought it! Needless to say I was very disappointed when I received it, and it was no bigger than an eraser head! So I just want to make sure everyone understands its a charm for a charm bracelet and not a keychain!Besides this minor complaint, I gave it only two stars because if I were purchasing a charm for my sister or girlfriend, then I still would have been disappointed! Like I said earlier, it's about the size of an eraser head which is small even for a charm. But also, on the backside it's got the word &#34;CHINA&#34; written across one of the leaves! And on another leaf it has a sterling silver marking. When I get a charm for my loved ones I, nor they want it to say anything besides what it's supposed to say! <end>  china  This item is good size good weight except it has CHINA right on the front of it in big letters !! <end>  Pretty good four-leaf clover charm  It was as advertised and is pretty nice, but a little small and thin for what I was looking for. I'd like the "made in China" to be less prominent on the back. <end>
 B000NGMNFQ  Sterling Silver Sewing Machine Charm ||	  Charming memory  I am collecting charms that have meaning for me. My mother was a terrific seamstress so this charm is a nice memory of her. I would have liked more detail on the charm. <end>  Lovely Charm  )  My girlfriend just love it, excelente product, I strongly recommend for people who wants to give a present regarding fashion  ) <end>  I !have not received it yet  Sorry, I cannot rate yet, as I have not received the item! I will be happy to rate this item when I receive it. <end>  Fantastic and lovely!  My siblings and I got charms that represented ourselves and put them on a bracelet for our mom this last mother's day. As I am a costume designer, I bought this. My mom loved it. It's lovely and detailed and quaint. It was perfect. <end>  SMALL  It is very small and lacks detail. I don't even know what to do with it, I just put it away when it came. <end>  EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT  MY ITEM CAME PROMPTLY & WAS EXACTLY LIKE THE PICTURE. GREAT SERVICE. WILL DEFINATLY DO BUSINESS WITH SELLER AGAIN. <end>
 B000NGMOCS  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Dragonfly Pendant, 18" ||	  Exactly what I was expecting.  When I received the necklace, I was expecting it to be *slightly* bigger, but I have to admit, I do like the size, it seems just right. The chain came a bit tangled, but that is only because it is shipped in a soft pouch, and it didn't take long for me to undo. The colors are exactly what they appear to be in the picture, though with the right light the top ones can appear to be yellowish, which I personally do not have a problem with. I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone who loves dragonflies or is thinking about getting this as a gift for someone. <end>  Gift of courage  I bought this dragonfly necklace for my mom's 45th birthday after doing some research on what a dragonfly symbolizes. I found that it can symbolize courage, change, happiness among other things. Because dragonflies live a short life they also embrace the idea that "life is short, so one must live life the fullest." My mom is often afraid of change, even if it is at the stake of her happiness, so I bought this for her...perhaps as a daily reminder of courage and change. She absolutely LOVES the necklace and it looks so beautiful on her. It's a great quality, good size, and attention grabbing. Plus her favorite color is green   ) <end>  perfect size and lots of sparkle  This necklace is the perfect sized pendent, great sparkle, and has a chain that does not overshadow the dragonfly. Love it! <end>  Beautiful Dragonfly - CHEAP CHAIN!  I love dragonflies. This is the third pendant I've bought in about 12 years or so. I loved this one because of the green stones. The pendant itself is lovely, everything I expected it to be. I paid more for this necklace last year than its advertised for now. I've gotten compliments on this necklace many times. My eyes are green so the pendant plays off the color. However............. within about one month the chain broke. I was disappointed in the flimsy chain when I received the necklace and for some reason was expecting something just a tad bit nicer for the price I paid.Now I have a broken chain that can't be fixed and I can't wear the pendant. I'll have to go out and buy a much sturdier, nicer, more expensive necklace so I can wear the pendant again.Was the necklace worth it by the time I have to replace the flimsy chain? Probably not. Beautiful pendant but I could have probably gone to Target and gotten something of equivalent value for a little less.If you like the pendant, chunk the chain & invest in a better one right off the bat. <end>  Gorgeous and Unique  I received a gift certificate for my birthday and chose this unique necklace. It is beautiful and graceful. The only problem is that it tends to tilt forward. It is not attached properly to the chain and that is bothersome. People tend to reach over to correct it so they can actually see it. <end>  Very Sparkley  I purchased this as a gift for someone who likes dragonfly's and I'm very pleased with it. It's pretty and sparkles nicely. Haven't given it yet but I'm sure she'll like it.The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the way it hangs. Like other reviews have indicated, it has a bulge on the back with an opening from which the chain hangs. Hopefully it hangs just fine when worn. <end>
 B000NGMOQY  Sterling Silver Round Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 8 ||	  Great product and service  I ordered this ring for my 23 year daughter the Monday before a Saturday Christmas. I was unwilling to bump for faster shipping to ensure Christmas delivery - so image my surprise when the ring arrived before Christmas. My daughter absolutely loves the ring. She normally buys her rings in size 6 but this particular style was sold out in all sizes except size 5. I went ahead and ordered the 5 and it fits perfect. She loves that this ring allows her ring finger to set tight against her pinky and middle finger without gaps. It has plenty of bling which she loves and yet it doesn't seem to catch or snag clothing. Very pleased with this company - their shipping speed and product. Will look to do business with them again. <end>  cheap looking ring  This ring looks like a glass ring, very basic and my normal size did not fit. Order one size up <end>
 B000NGOH9Q  Sterling Silver 3mm Peridot Necklace, 18" ||	  You'll Need a Magnifying Glass to See the Stones  The Peridots in this necklace are so small and so pale, and so dominated by the comparatively bulky settings, that they can't be seen at all from more than 6" away. From any normal distance, such as standing next to someone, this simply looks like a nondescript silver chain with no stones at all, and is not especially flattering. In intense light, such as a spotlight or direct sun, it can look glittery, but one still can't see the stones, and there is no discernible color from more than a few inches away. What a disappointment  I returned it. <end>  very disappointing!  This necklace was pretty enough when I took it out of the box, but it doesn't sit right on your neck. The stones turn and point down towards the ground, so all everyone sees is the side of the silver setting. Very disappointing purchase. <end>  Peridot  This is actually prettier in real life! I love it. Excellent service, as well. <end>
 B000NGOHIM  Sterling Silver Black and White Cubic Zirconia Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful and Elegant  I bought this necklace for myself. I liked the contrast of the black and white stones. It is a beautiful necklace; quite substantial - but not overly. It is the perfect size to be worn with anything, and I cannot think of an outfit it would not compliment. I am very happy with this purchase, and recommend it highly. <end>  Beautiful!  I got this as a gift for my mother, and she loved it! It was a good size, and gorgeous! <end>  Lovely necklace  I got this necklace on the St Valentines Day and I can say that it is great and I love it. Shining, delicate, elegant. <end>  stunning!!  Just received this and am blown away by how pretty and sparkly it actually is!I have been wearing it almost every day. It is a TRUE black and white sparkling piece of jewelry. I am just thrilled. Thank You!! <end>
 B000NH0S34  Sterling Silver Multicolor Tube Jade Gemstone 7 inch Bracelet With Lobster Clasp ||	  Too cheap, tiny, catch broke the first time I put it on,  This bracelet is thin and small and cheap. The catch broke the first time I put it on. The people were nice but the second bracelet I ordered to replace it came with a broken clasp! And then I measured it and it was 9 INCHES long!!!! It was advertised as 7 1/2 inches!!! Not a quality company! <end>
 B000NHNIJ0  X - Gemstone and Silver Reversible Symbols Tennis Bracelet ||	  luv this bracelet  I purchased this bracelet several months ago. I find myself myself wearing it again & again. It goes with many outfits because of the different colored gems and it's lightweight & comfortable. As added bonus, it's nice to have people comment on it. <end>  Beauty and Quality  This is an absolutely beautiful piece for the price. Made with quality silver, the 'bar' clasp at first had me worried because sometimes the bar is not long enough for the ring - I generally go with lobster claw hooks for that reason. But not to worry with this piece, the bar is plenty long enough, and yet not too hard for me to put on by myself, which is a must in my bracelets. The stones are beautifully set and the reverse side is great fun to wear. I thought perhaps the bracelet would flop from side to side while I wore it, but that does not happen. If you want to change it from stone side to symbol side, you have to take it off and turn it over. At first I was disappointed, but I can see that this has definite advantages. Now when I want one look for the day, I can be confident I will keep that look.I had a minor problem with the company at first sending me the wrong bracelet but the exchange was prompt and efficient. <end>
 B000NHS2HS  Project your masculinity with this Super Strong Mens Surgical Steel Bracelet with Carbon Fibre ||	  A bit too wide  While this is truly a very masculine and handsome bracelet, it is too wide for my taste. Aside from that, its really rather nice. If you are a large guy, this might work for you. But for smaller or average built men, it is a bit too much of a good thing. <end>  Great deal  I'm Not a jewelry person...but I like the look and the feel..I have big wrists and didnt think it woudl fit but...fits perfect...like a glove and very happy with purchse...Shipping was fast. Almost wish I had a watch on it but I dont really like watches.. <end>
 B000NHV62Q  Faith and Love Bracelet ||	  This is a CHILD's bracelet!!!!  I was very unhasppy to see that when this item arrived...it was for a child NOT an adult. The title should really reflect that! Plus the color sent was not the color shown...it shows blue, I got pink. now I am stuck with a bracelet I could not give as a gift and had to rush out at the last minute a few days before Christmas to find something else. Needless to say, I will not be buying again from this seller. It's not even worth it to return it...the shipping ($8) cost almost as much as the bracelet did plus I'd have to pay returnh shipping as well. Highly disappointed!!!! <end>
 B000NHVH0M  Handsome Men's Surgical Steel Matte Finish Bracelet with Carbon Fiber Highlights ||	  Great bracelet  I got this for my husband and he loves this. He wears it all the time. <end>
 B000NHX3H2  Pearls of Wisdom Nurse Bracelet - RN ||	  Great gift  Bought it as a gift to my best friend who graduated nursing school. Beautiful bracelet. Simple and classic. <end>  RN gift  I was looking for an unique gift for my daughter after passing her RN. It was more beautiful than I thought it would be and she loves the bracelet. <end>
 B000NHX3V8  Expressively Yours Teacher Bracelet ||	  Beautiful  My co-worker and I bought this for my boss for boss's day. She was touched and wears it frequently. Very pretty, elegant, nice box with poem. <end>  bracelet  I did like the bracelet  although the price definitely matches the product. I was disappointed to find that the silver charms with wording on them were made of plastic. <end>
 B000NHX3XQ  Nurse Appreciation Gift Bracelet ||	  bracelet  I did like the bracelet  although the price definitely matches the product. I was disappointed to find that the silver charms with wording on them were made of plastic. <end>  Beautiful!  This bracelet is beautiful. My daughter absolutely loved it Shipping was fast and without incident. Well done!! It will be a keepsake my daughter will treasure. <end>  GREAT GIFT  This was a great gift for a nursing graduate. She loved it and it was really pretty. The price was so low I thought it was going to cheesy when I got it so I had a back up gift in case but it was actually very nice and came in a cute box with a bow and there was a little nurses poem in the box as well. <end>  great gift for low price  Product looks a bit cheaper than I had hoped for but I guess you get what you pay for. I did like the cute gift box that it came in. The recipients were greatful for this gift. <end>  Great Gift!  Really like this bracelet. Arrived on time and in perfect condition. I got it for my step-sister who just graduated nursing school and she loved it. <end>
 B000NHXUYI  Hovering Hummingbirds Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  Hummingbird magic  These are THE most favorably commented upon earrings that I own.There's plenty of hummingbird jewelry on the market but most everything I have seen does not capture the quality of hummingbird. These do. Period.Unreserved recommendation.Oh, actually, there IS a downside; every now and then I spontaneously give one away(that I am wearing) to a friend, and have to then re-purchase a pair. This phenomenon happens as fast as a darting hummingbird, so I am now convinced that these earrings are imbued with some kind of self-propagating hummingbird magic. <end>
 B000NHXV24  Sand Dollar with Starfish Dangle Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  Perfect!  Two of my favorite things...sand dollars and starfish! I love these earrings. I wore them at the beach and even when swimming. The salt water did not damage them. Definitely a good purchase! <end>
 B000NHYWUY  Golden Tabby Cat Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  Tabby Earrings  I purchased the silver and orange tabby earrings for a friend who had just lost her orange tabby cat to cancer. She was surprised and pleased to have a memento to remember her "Grampuz" by. She put them right on and loved them! <end>  Cat earrings  These earrings are lovely and will be perfect for an 8-yo cat lower who recently had her ears pearced. However, they do not arrive with a gift box as the description states, and having an additional picture of the silver gift box next to the picture of the earrings is misleading. I contacted the seller and they responded that the description belongs to "another seller of the same item" and this seller does not offer the gift box. <end>  so cute and detailed  These earrings are crafted very well and the hook part is nice and long so the earrings stay on...these were a gift to my 11 year old daughter and she loves them, she has very sensitive ears and the metal in these is good quality and doesn't bother her ears at all. The details on the cat are amazing. <end>
 B000NHZ4EW  Unique Purple Enamel Rectangular Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Yep!  Looked better than the picture, came in a lovely box. Gave them as a gift and the recipient really like them. Said he wears them to work all the time. <end>
 B000NI4NF2  Genuine 18K Gold rubber Stainless Steel Screws Cable Mens Bracelet ||	  Nice bracelet  I really like this bracelet. I'm not wearing it all the time, but it fits me well and to be honest - it looks better then in a picture <end>
 B000NI4Z82  0.75 Ct.T.W. Princess Cut and Baguette Cut Diamonds, White 14Kt. Gold. Men's Princess and Baguette Diamond Band. ||	  Absolutely no regrets about this purchase...  I bought this ring as a wedding ring for my husband 3 years ago. He still gets compliments on this piece. I wanted to choose a wedding band that was different from all the plain gold bands I see men wearing. I also wanted it to be a surprise, so I did all my shopping online at work. As my budget was limited, I did quite a bit of looking around before making this purchase. I was not disappointed. He paid more for my wedding ring in a store, but his ring is much heavier, and the diamonds more clear than the ones in my ring. I was pleasantly surprised. When I make my next fine jewelry purchase, I won't hesitate to buy from JewelryDays. <end>
 B000NI9KG4  Photo Stretch Bracelet ||	  Good product but hard to create bracelet size pics  This product came exactly as shown and is a nice product. The only difficulty was creating pictures that fit into the bracelet slots. The picture sizes were smaller than I originally thought. I am very computer literate so thought it would be pretty easy. However, getting a picture that size is difficult and also making the exact face or item you want in that slot is also difficult. <end>
 B000NIE68G  Sterling Silver Created Ruby Heart Pendant & 18" Chain ||	  Sterling Silver and Ruby pendant  Absolutely beautiful! It is prettier than on the website. It sparkles and the box chain is very nice with a nice clasp. <end>  Love it!  I love this necklace, it's perfect for me. I like that the chain is nice and sturdy & the big heart is just to cute. I'm very happy with this purchase. <end>  Cheap-looking pink...  The stones are extremely cheap-looking pink rather than ruby red as pictured on this page. I would be embarrassed to give this to my wife as a gift. I do not agree with other reviewers. Perhaps they received a different pendant or are teenage girls who would be satisfied with a casual, just cute-looking pendant. Will return the item. <end>
 B000NIH6CO  Sterling Silver Round Shaped Multi Gemstone High Polish and Rhodium Plated 0.5 inch Long Floral Charm Pendant ||	  Pendant or Charm????  I liked the pendant but thought it would be a little bigger. It is too small to wear on your neck but it great for a child. I put it on my charm braclet. <end>
 B000NILTD6  Pink Czech Crystal Cross Cell Phone Dangle Charm ||	  pink cross cell phone dangle  The piece is very beautiful, but we did have a clasp break already. We were able to repair, and it has been fine since then. I just wanted to make you aware. <end>
 B000NILTDG  Czech Crystal Cross Cell Phone Dangle Charm ||	  Quality not great!  The cross has separated from the chain several times. I have almost lost it, then had to use pliars to attach it back on, but the little ring that holds the cross is too flimsy to hold up and the cross is easily pulled off again. It is very attractive, but needs a better ring to hold it together. <end>
 B000NINMDQ  Eiffel Tower Czech Crystal Cell Phone Dangle Charm ||	  These are great, for gals or guys, with the clear or black stones.  Beautiful afar and close up. These are great, for gals or guys, with the clear or black stones. Someone here says he/she got a defective or broken one, and instead of proactively returning it for replacement to really see and appreciate its intended beauty, they just complained and knee jerked to blankedly prejudged them all as a low one star item???? Any shape or style (Chrysler Bldg or Big Ben or Toronto Tower) could just as well be defeat upon delivery. How sad, and too bad, it was his/her own loss, because these little Eiffel Towers are much much nicer than most of the typical souvenir ones (with or w/o stones) sold as keychains, etc. even right in Paris (been there got one, still, and not complaining). <end>  Great looking at a far, not so nice upclose  Item is very good looking in pictures but in real life it's lacking allot. The crystals are not very clear and several have fallen out and the tip already has a crack in it, I expect it to fall off withen a month or so. Save your money or find some thing else. <end>
 B000NIZ432  Sterling Silver "I LOVE MOM" Stack Ring - size 7 ||	  For a person who just became a Mother!  I purchased the ring for my niece, because she was having her first child. His name is JJ- so she is wearing the ring ever since he was born. <end>  Pretty Nice  This is a great ring for the money. While it doesn't look very expensive, it's still makes a great sentimental gift to your mother. My mother is never seen without this ring. She wears it more than her wedding ring. <end>
 B000NJ0UQM  Sterling Silver Amethyst/Marcasite Ring ||	  Absolutely Beautiful  I bought this ring as a gift but when it arrived, I fell in love with it. Although it is hard to tell from the picture, and does not mention it in the description, imagine my surprise when I realized the design on the sides are actually angels! It does not mention the size I think it may be a 7. This ring is so beautiful I am ordering 3 more to give as gifts since I have not taken this one off since it arrived. I just love it. <end>
 B000NJ2ZJM  Sterling Silver Ring -Size 7.5 ||	  Beautiful!!  Thank you! Fantastic Product! Great gift idea! It looks even better than its photos.  ) <end>
 B000NJ2ZSI  Sterling Silver Onyx/Marcasite Ring ||	  Great buy!  This ring is great! Except it's not bite proof! Due to her own ignorance, my ex practically ate the thing, but the ring is great! Looks good and wears lightly. <end>  My error or shipping error?  I thought I ordered a size 5 ring, but I got a larger size. I returned the ring for the correct size. <end>
 B000NJ436K  Sterling Silver Band Ring W/ Design Size 8 ||	  Contemporary design  I liked this ring...nice contemporary design for the money. Unfortunately, my daughter likes it, too, and now she wears it. <end>
 B000NJCSHQ  14k Gold Filled Four Leaf Clover Pendant, 18" ||	  Necklace  the chain left a little to be desired, but the pendant was BEAUTIFUL and more than made up for the chain. <end>  pretty  I bought this for my sister-in-laws birthday gift, she loved it! It's very small and pretty. I think it was well worth the money. <end>  Pretty Luck  It is very subtle. I will place on a better chain, but I really like the charm. The photo makes it look like it will be very visible, but it isn't it is just right! I am buying for 2 girls that will really enjoy it. <end>  St. P's Day  Bought this for my godchild whose b-day is St.Patrick's Day. Very very unique, priced right, she loved it. Great gift idea for anyone into the irish or St.Patrick. <end>  Good price, nice necklace  I got this for my girl freind and she likes it a lot. The only issue was that when i recieved it it was all tangled up. I got it untangled but it was a huge pain. Nice necklce though. <end>  Good luck!  This 14k Gold filled Four Leave Clover Pendant is so feminine. My friend received this pendant from me before she took her comprehensive exams for her doctorate. She was thrilled! She showed it to others and they all wanted one. I loved it too! <end>  Luck of the Irish  I have purchased three of the necklaces; one for myself and the other two for gifts for my daughters 11 and 9. I think that they are beautiful and I can't wait to wear mine!! I know their Irish eyes will be smilin when they open them on Christmas Morning. And remember, we are all Irish on St. Patty's Day!!! <end>  Nice, be it a little smaller than I thought.  I got this for my mom for Christmas. When it arrived in the mail I looked at and was kind of shocked at how small it was. I know it says the size in the info, but I guess I didn't pay close enough attention. Never the less my mom liked it and every time she has it on and we go some where, some one will tell her how much they like it. This could be good for those of any age. Be them 8 or 88. It is a really nice looking piece at a great price. <end>  Big hit with my daughter  My daughter loves the necklace. It was delivered in a timely fashion and looked just like it was shown on Amazon.com. <end>  Broken  I gave this pendant to my wife, she wore it two or three times and it broke. The link where the pendant and chain met broke off. <end>  If the reciever is older than 13 - skip this one  This is a cute little trinket however it is not suitable for anyone over 13 years old. Also, based on the quality of the item I received the image on Amazon over sells the item. That clover in the pendant is an actual clover. Unfortunately the pendant I received has a bent and slightly brown clover. <end>
 B000NJFSNM  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  Don't leave home without it.  Just what I was looking for. Beautiful and most of all, understated and not flashy, hip-hop tacky. One thing, the chain is very small. Too small for me to take off without unlatching. So I found a slightly longer silver chain and it never comes off... like my faith. Easily my favorite Amazon purchase. <end>
 B000NJHDOE  Sterling Silver Jerusalem Cross Pendant 1 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Interesting design for Jerusalem cross  I APPRECIATED THE FAST SERVICE AND THE OUTSTANDING QUALITY OF THE ORDERED CROSS, and THAT IT HAD A CHAIN INCLUDED FOR THE PRICE. I WOULD ORDER AGAIN FROM THIS COMPANY. <end>  Yes and no  Cross was perfect. The chain was pitiful. I ditched the chain and ordered a black rubber necklace. I am a male. The necklace was very feminine. But again, the cross is PERFCET. <end>  Very Pretty Cross  I had been looking for a large, affordable silver Jerusalem cross. This one is the largest one I have found and it is a reasonable size for someone who likes bigger pieces. There are nice design elements that make the cross more interesting than some others and the picture is a good representation of the actual cross. The company was very efficient and I received the cross quickly. <end>  My Wife Loves it  My wife loves this piece. She thinks that it is well worth the money and more. Makes a great gift. Thanks. <end>
 B000NJJ1D0  Sterling Silver Chinese Character for the Year of the OX Horoscope Charm, 1 1/8 inch tall ||	  Just as described  Exactly what I was looking for. This pendant is larger than it looked in the photo, which was a good thing, and is delicate yet substantial. <end>
 B000NJZC7E  Beautiful! By Artist Dave Pincion-Sterling-silver Zuni Tear Drop shape cluster dangle-earrings ||	  Even More Beautiful Than Expected!  These earrings are absolutely beautiful! I was concerned they might be heavy to wear, but they are a very comfortable weight & have the unmistakable appearance of fine jewelry. The artist, Dave Pincion, is to be commended on his showcasing the beauty of sterling silver & turquoise to perfection. Quick delivery, arrived in just 4-days! <end>
 B000NLPI3A  10k Yellow Gold 3-Stone Diamond Pendant (1/8 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  disappointed  I found the pendant to be much smaller than it appeared on the web site. The chain was also in a knot when it arrived so I was never able to even try it on. <end>  Very pretty  but also very dainty. I am surprised anyone would make jewelry on a chain as tiny as this one, but it is a very pretty necklace. Just tiny. <end>  Very nice surprise  It got here fast. Not only that, it was just as decribed online. I love it! <end>
 B000NLQ5CI  Sterling Silver 6mm Red Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Great gift  I purchased these earrings for my 10 year old niece. They are very beautiful and the perfect size for a young adult. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful! The beads are true red. They have a slight multicolored sheen on them so if that isn't what you're looking for, these won't work for you. Otherwise these are great versatile earrings!It says they're for kids, but anyone can wear them unless he or she has really thick ears (the posts are a little bit shorter than normal earring posts). <end>
 B000NLQ5ZK  Sterling Silver Fascinating Red and Clear Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Great earrings!  These earrings are very elegant and great for the holidays or any special occasion. Purchased these as a gift for someone and that person absolutely loved them! <end>
 B000NLQX2A  10k Gold Diamond Channel Hoop Earrings (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Diamonds very cloudy, but in general elegant style  I bought these earring hoops when they were on 60% sale. Cost me about $76. When they arrived, I was very disappointed by the quality of the diamonds---no sparkle at all. Also, it hard to put on as well --- the needles are incredibly thick, and the end is dull --- it pained my ears a lot. I took them to a jeweler and got them checked. It turned out that diamonds on them are real, just poor quality. The jeweler sharpened the tips for me so its easier for me to put them on. I am a little bit happier with them now, and since they do look elegantly on my ears, I regard my goal achieved. I give this product 4 stars because they came in right Amazon's description. <end>
 B000NM822S  18K Gold over Sterling Silver 4ct Cubic Zirconia Inside-Out Classic 25mm Hoop Earrings ||	  Size of earrings  I think the 24mm is just a bit bigger than I like an earring, but they are very beautiful. Thank you!!!!! <end>  Pretty but one of the stones fell out  These earrings are really pretty, but one of the stones fell out the third time I wore them. I did not wear them for long periods and only wore them when I was sitting. So pretty but poor workmanship. <end>
 B000NMEIQM  Deluxe jewelry armoire in light oak finish ||	  deluxe jewelry armoire  This is an excellent product, especially for the bargain price! Beautiful workmanship, lots of room for long necklaces. Love the two side doors; plenty of drawers for different size accessories. And I love the light oak finish. This is just what I wanted!! <end>
 B000NMEX6C  14k White Gold Diamond Ring (1/5 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Pretty, Dainty, Poorly made  The ring is very dainty. It does have some sparkle. The band is very thin, which I liked about it because I have very petite hands. The only problem is that I've had the ring for about a month and a diamond has already fallen out. <end>  great addition to wedding set  This addition makes my wedding set look like a million bucks! Great thin band that adds more sparkle to solitaire and infinity band. <end>  review  excellent rings, the price is great and the workmanship is extraordinary, the only drawback is the extremely long waiting period, i purchased 3 of this rings and are pretty satisfied with them. <end>  Unique shape  Wife loved it, only drawback is she wanted a band to go with it and due to the raised flat sides it has been hard to find one. <end>  LOVE IT  This band is gorgeous. It sparkles and is very feminine. A thin elegant look and goes perfect with my high set engagement ring. I dont want to take it off! <end>
 B000NMKF00  Bleach - Division Eleven Kenpachi Zaraki Symbol Necklace ||	  "A Nice Addition to Any Bleach Collection"  This Item is a must have for any bleach collection. Also, according to the packaging as well as the seller, it is an officially licensed bleach product! However it is still important I go over the details. When it first arrived it came in a nicely packaged "blister card," which is pretty much just normal packaging like an action figure would come in. After opening, the necklace comes in a nice tin with a clear see through plastic window to display the product. The chain is obviously the one with the balls that allow it to easily lock in around your neck. The actual pendent is durable and it does stick to magnet (I had to check because I cannot always trust the internet). The picture is the Squad 11 (their captain is Captain Kenpachi Zaraki) insignia which represents a yarrow and is supposed to mean "fight." In case anyone was wondering there is some type of product number or something on the other side of the pendent but just hide it in the back when you wear it. Overall this is a great product and I would recommend it to any bleach fan. <end>  Nice collectors necklace for Bleach Fans  This item is a very nice peace for any Bleach Fan and especialy for people who like the eleventh squad (capten Kenpachi). It is estheticaly nice for people who do not know even what anime are!It is fairly durable so it can last quite a long time (with the proper care!). I consider this an essensial part of my Bleach Collection.[ASIN B000NMKF00 Bleach  Necklace - Group Eleven Symbol]] <end>  kenpachi necklace  I absolutely love this necklace im a fan of bleach and kenpachi in general when i saw this necklace i loved it, when it came, i loved it all the more its a great necklace with a cool design. <end>  Great for price!  I bought this for about $6 so i wasn't expecting a masterpiece, but it is a really good quality product. the chain is a good length and it comes in a nice tin if you want it for display. overall it met my expectations. <end>
 B000NMODDA  Carnelian Red jade Siam Swarovski Crystal .925 Sterling Silver Leverback Dangle Earrings ||	  Great earrings!  This is a pair of beautiful earrings that I simply adore, and they got here so quickly! <end>
 B000NN2HQO  Lucky Diamond Sterling Silver CZ Casino Pendant ||	  Written  The Luck Casino Pendant weas the right size and I loved the shape, but the item was very cheap looking and not shiny at all. I bought a longer chain for it (not an expensive one) and the pendant was so dull looking, I could not wear them together. I would not reccoment this product to anyone.MFT - Jacksonville, FL <end>
 B000NN659Y  10k Gold Men's Onyx And Diamond Claddagh Ring ||	  Love it!  I love the message of a claddagh, that is just beautiful. This ring looks great, even better in person. I received it quickly and was very happy with how it was packaged and the service I received from Harris Michael. <end>  Heart Warming Present  I received this as a gift from a life long friend, and I absolutely loved it. Just a very heart warming gesture given the significance of a claddagh. It is very handsome and the diamonds really sparkle. Timely shipping and excellent packaging. No complaints. <end>
 B000NNK9VE  Ladies 2.00ct Emerald Tennis Bracelet ||	  Pleasantly Surprised  I am delighted with this bracelet. It is an excellent value for the money and it arrived when the seller said it would. The picture is accurate except that the white gold setting is considerably more reflective than the image so the stones don't look quite as large in comparison. However, the stones are well matched for their size and their pleasantly dark, clear color. The setting appears to be excellently crafted. If you are looking for a modest, tasteful, elegant emerald bracelet, this one is a classic. <end>
 B000NNT9J2  Sterling Silver CZ Channel Set Bangle Bracelet ||	  Pretty Yet Small  The bracelet looks like it has stones all around the entire bangle yet it is only across the top, also they are very small and snug fitting, a bangle should have some room would look great on a kid. going to test it's everyday wear will update comments in a week. <end>
 B000NO3Z6E  White Mother Of Pearl Twin-Leaf Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Graceful and unusual  I love this graceful little pendant. The carving is artistically done and the piece seems solid and well-crafted. I get lots of compliments on it. I ordered this last year and came back to get matching earrings. <end>
 B000NO5PD0  Green Jade Mini Round Button Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  nice!  These earrings are sweet. They are exactly as advertised. Pay attention to the size listed. Don't just judge by the photo. They are tiny, but perfect for my new granddaughter. <end>
 B000NO5REW  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Peridot 4mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  Nice  Great little earrings. I love little post earrings, and these are delightful and sparkly. Great price...all my silverspeck purchases were steals, GREAT DEALS!! <end>  Great Product, Great Price!  These earrings look great! They are well made, and I couldn't ask for a better price. <end>  HAPPY CUSTOMER  I am happy to write that I did received my earrings..even though the first order has got lost in shipping.., I am impress with the customer service. <end>
 B000NO5ZJE  Midnight in the Southwest Black Onyx Earrings ||	  Bigger than they appear.  I got this item for my second hole in my ears. By the description and picture I expected it to be smaller. I cannot wear them in my second hole, they are too large and their backing is to large.I do however think that they are very cute and plan on passing them on to someone who will use the studs in their 1st hole. <end>
 B000NOBO26  Sterling Silver Four Leaf Clover and Peridot "Irish Luck" Necklace, 18" ||	  Very Pretty  I love this necklace. It is great for St. Patty's day and any day you feel like you need a little extra luck. It is delicate, simple, and pretty. I have received several comments ^_^. <end>  Cute necklace  Very cute necklace, but the clasp shows because it fastens close to the clover. Very odd, but I should have caught this in the picture because it clearly shows the clasp. Might just be a preference thing,but would be much better if clasp didn't show, cheapens it in my opinion. <end>
 B000NOFIW8  Unusual Garnet & Diamond Apple Pendant - JewelryWeb ||	  Special to me  The pendant is exactly what was promised and I love it. It has special meaning to me - It is pretty, the garnet is cut so that it really shows off its apple red color and hanging from a gold chain my retired grocery &#34;produce&#34; man husband gave me for Christmas, it is a special reminder of all the times I saw him stacking apple displays that made him the best produce man in town. Thank you <end>
 B000NOLI40  14k White Gold Blue Topaz & Diamond Apple Pendant - Chain not included - JewelryWeb ||	  Cool Blue Apple  I bought the "unusual blue topaz and diamond apple pendant" from JeweleryWeb via Amazon.com. I have been looking for an apple pendant I liked for quite awhile (I'm a public school teacher); and the blue topaz turned out to be wonderful since I'm a December baby. It was a bit of an impulse buy considering the price, but I figured if I was dissatisfied I could send it back.As soon as I got it I began pricing jewelry with a similar size blue topaz in 14k white gold, and I was blown away at what a bargain I got, especially considering the recent price of gold!!!Definite great buy for any teacher or anyone else who wants to flaunt this subtle and wearable, yet completely eye-catching, fruit of knowledge!!! <end>
 B000NP12I6  14k Yellow Gold 3-Stone Round-Cut Shared-Prong Earrings (1 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  picture looks big than actual earrings  I think they should have taken a picture beside a person's ear. This was too small, like a kids jewelry! I had to return it. <end>
 B000NP32PC  14k White Gold 3-Stone Round-Cut Shared Prong Pendant (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  so small  This was my first experience buying diamonds and i really had no idea how small the diamonds were on this necklace. The biggest one is almost an sixteenth of an inch but not quite. Also, the weight or something was off in the diamonds so it turned and it always lays on its side, so the diamonds don't even show. I returned it <end>
 B000NPCWY4  Sterling Silver Oval Cut Amber Ring Size 7 ||	  Gorgeous Baltic Amber  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. Anyone who likes amber will love it and be proud to show it off. Best of all, it is a very reasonably low price. It makes a fabulous gift. <end>  Beautiful ring  I thought this ring was very nice, and my amber had plenty of "debris" ( referring to the review below). Each piece of amber will be different, so it's not going to look exactly like the one pictured <end>  Cute ring!  Super price on a very nice ring. Exactly as promised and a quick delivery. I'll definitely purchase from Gem Avenue again.LS <end>  Beautiful  This item is amazing! It really brightens up my life and the little box and bow it came it was beautiful! The silver is pretty and the amber is gorgeous! <end>  A Great Gift  Bought this a gift for my wife and we are both happy with the purchase. I used the Amazon ring sizing template and one of the rings from my wife's jewelery box to guess the size and it fits perfect. The amber has a nice luster without being gaudy. This is a well crafted piece of jewelery and the workmanship is top notch. The ring arrived in a nice presentation box so I did not have to wrap it. I am very satisfied with this item and I will order from this company again. <end>  Meh...  Although it was delivered fairly quickly, the ring was not exactly as pictured on the product page. There is less detailing where the band meets the stone, and the stone itself is pretty empty of the normal... "debris" most amber has. The stone itself also feels like plastic, rather than stone. In other words, it seems to be a fake. However, it still looks nice, and I suppose "you get what you pay for." <end>
 B000NPQHMC  Beautiful! By Artist E.M.Linkin Genuine Navajo Mulit-Colored Beads on Sterling-silver Women's Bracelet ||	  Bracelet  Excelent piece of Navajo Art, but so thin material? Seems more a fine gillette than a bracelet. I gave to my wife and that was she said. <end>
 B000NT77LI  Diamond Accent 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Oval-Link Heart Charm Bracelet 7 1/4&quot; ||	  Horiible  Recieved this product today and it was not like the picture. Instead of being solid gold it was replaced blues,purples,green and even burnt brown. I cant believe this is what i purchased. When i called to explain they were not even sorry for sending something so different from the above pictures. Never again will i order from Palm Beach Jewlery. <end>
 B000NT7858  Genuine Tiger&apos;s Eye, Cultured Freshwater Pearl, Genuine Turquoise Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  pretty, nice, matches  nothing too fancy, but i love that they match my necklace with the same mix of stones on them. colors are great. love that the french hooks are sterling silver. i hate when they sneak in cheapy nickel ones! i like that you can actually see them, but they are not TOO big. just right, actually. <end>
 B000NTI9DI  IGI Certified 14k White Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Solitaire Engagement Ring (1 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Exceeded expectations!  I was afraid that ordering a diamond online would be a bad experience. It was not. The ring is beautiful, my fiancee loves it, and it's going to look good on her finger for decades to come.THANK YOU! <end>
 B000NTI9R4  14k Gold Princess-Cut 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Very SMALL  I guess I shouldn't have been disappointed but I am. I purchased it because I am a very small person and I thought that this would be the perfect size. However, it's much smaller than it appears. I wear about a size 3 and the 3-prong diamond barely covers 1/4 of my finger. The gold does not appear to be 14k either as this is really light-weight and a very light yellow shade. I almost thought that I bought a white gold band. This ring has a very flimsy feel to it and it's cheaper than I would have imagined. Not to mention that the ring was an imperfect circle. I wouldn't be surprised if it bent if I squeezed it. I am even more disappointed because Amazon did not send a certificate with it like they did when I purchased my previous ring. I do not recommend this ring to anyone. It looks dinky and you're better off purchasing a 1/4 ct solitaire. This ring just doesn't look right. <end>
 B000NTMBC8  10k Gold Baguette Channel-Set Diamond Ring (1/5 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  ring  I love this ring. We ordered it to go with my engagement ring which has baguettes on the side and it looks great! I will soon be ordering another one to put on the other side. Love it! And the fit was right on! <end>  Lived up to its standards  The quality of the ring was as advertised. The baguettes were good and the ring received rave reviews. A very good purchase. <end>  Beautiful  This ring is very beautiful!!! Not too fancy & but not plain. I would recommend this as a gift .Very pretty! <end>  ITS BEAUTIFUL!!  THIS RING IS WORTH EVERY PENNY...I BOUGHT THIS FOR AN ENGAGEMENT RING FOR MY GIRLFRIEND!! IT IS SOOO BEAUTIFUL..GRET SERVICE..GREAT QUALITY...EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A+++ <end>  Simple, elegant and gorgeous  I bought this ring in white gold and for such a simple ring, it is stunning. The smooth band doesn't snag or catch on anything, making this a very practical ring as well. It is tasteful yet substantial. Would make an excellent wedding band or anniversary band. <end>  wonderful ring  My wife just loves this ring and so do I! It is well made and looks GREAT and for the money you can not go wrong! <end>  Dissappointed  After reading all the grave reviews on this item, I decided to give it a try and I purchased it. After receiving it, my first glance of this baguette &#34;diamond&#34; ring I was dissappointed. Firstly, these are the worst baguette &#34;diamond&#34; ring I've ever seen. Baguette diamonds are the most clear and sparkling cut which make it a special cut. After careful examining this item and have seen all kinds of &#34;diamonds&#34; of all grade, these diamonds look very much like &#34;promotional diamonds&#34; to me. Real baguette diamonds of any grade should be a bit clearer. never this cloudy for baguettes. This item of &#34;baguette diamonds&#34; are cloudy within the stone through and through; which lead me to strongly believe that this is &#34;promotional diamonds&#34;. Sorry, but this item simple did not go with my existing diamond ring. I had to return this item for it was not acceptable as &#34;real&#34; diamond baguette chips. However, if you do not know any better you can be mislead regarding the difference between &#34;promotional grade&#34; and &#34;real diamonds&#34;. I want it to work for me due to the price, but it didn't. <end>  Matching Mother's Ring  I've been looking and looking to match my mother's ring for a long time. Going to different jewelry stores and getting quotes. The quotes ranged from $450-$1000, it was crazy. I saw this ring on Amazon a couple of days ago and ordered it, thinking that if I didn't like it I could always return it. Luckily, my mother's ring matched perfectly. I thought the ring was going to be thinner, but it was actually pretty thick and the diamonds looked great. I could wear this ring by itself and it would still look great. <end>  Perfect  This ring will be perfect for our Civil Union ceremony and 10th Anniversary next year. The price was right and the quality is top-notch. <end>  Perfect  I am so happy with this ring! It looks even better than in the picture! I purchased it for my wedding band, but I love it so much, I am going to buy another one to have my engagement ring surrounded by these rings! Perfect! <end>  My wedding band  I couldn't be happier with this ring. It sits very comfortably on my hand and is not overwhelming to look at. Just large enough to catch your eye and sparkle. I love it. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring is so beautiful, this is one purchase that I am so glad I made. The quality and clarity are exceptional. This ring is well worth the money, you will not be disappointed. <end>  Love it!  Bought this ring in 2008 for my wedding in 2008. Great price-great ring. Why spend so much money on a ring when it can go to something much more fun...Honeymoon!  ) <end>  Pretty ring and great price  This ring is going to be my wedding ring in a few months. The price is great and it's very pretty. The band is very thin and there is no way to engrave it, so keep that in mind. Also, the diamonds are unevenly sized, but it's only noticeable upon very close inspection, and for the price you can't expect perfection. It definitely seems like a great starter ring. <end>
 B000NTMBK0  14k Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/10 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  nice ring  me gust&oacute; mucho el anillo. el tama&ntilde;o el diamante es modesto, pero muy brillante y claro. Todo seg&uacute;n la descripci&oacute;n. <end>
 B000NTMIAI  Bold and Beautiful 12.00 carats total weight Round Cut Garnet Gemstone Tennis Bracelet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Bold and Beautiful  Of all the colours in the Garnet family, if you prefer the lighter more red/orange stones, then this is the bracelet for you! It has a firey vibrance which when set against the white of the sterling silver is simply gorgeous. The bracelet is elegant and sophisticated. Simple enough to wear during the day but,equally would compliment any evening dress.The international postage was FAST! From the date I placed my order to the date I received my goods was exactly 10days. This was really great, because I hate waiting for anything! The bracelet came perfectly presented in a wonderful Peora gift box....ready to give to it's recipient....Me! <end>
 B000NTMIB2  Bold and Beautiful 11.25 carats total weight Round Cut London Blue Topaz Gemstone Tennis Bracelet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful, but clasp isn't as described  The bracelet is lovely. The stones and weight are very good. However the bracelet I received didn't have a double safety clasp, as stated, and the clasp it does have has no safety feature and doesn't close well. I feel it will have to go back in the hopes of getting a replacement with the correct clasp. It is a very nice piece so hopefully I can get the safety clasp problem resolved. <end>  Topaz Bracelet  A beautiful bracelet. Color is a rich blue.. Sleek design. I've had a lot of compliments wearing this pretty bracelet. <end>
 B000NTS83Y  14k White Gold 3-Stone Round Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Anniversary Gift  I bought it as an merriage anniversary gift for my wife. She loves it, good choice! <end>
 B000NTSQOK  14k Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/10 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  nice ring  me gust&oacute; mucho el anillo. el tama&ntilde;o el diamante es modesto, pero muy brillante y claro. Todo seg&uacute;n la descripci&oacute;n. <end>
 B000NTT4CI  10k Gold 5-Stone Shared-Prong Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  This ring is only worth the price if you never put it on. Ever!  I purchased this ring as a surprise for my wife when I thought it would look perfect in a set next to her more expensive engagement ring. On Wednesday, she got home before I did thanks to UPS; the Cat was out of the bag! She liked the ring so much; she had it on when I got home. The following morning, wife calls and tells me when she got to work that one of the 5 tiny stones was missing. Sure enough, upon close inspection, I was rather surprised by flawed design of defective support structure inadequate hold the stones in place by wedging a round-shaped object between a flat surface on the one end and a single prong on opposite side of stone. Here is the Top View of the ring (SCALE 2 1), the O's represent each stone and support structure, where X marks the location of missing stone.... |x>&lt;O>&lt;O>&lt;O>&lt;O|All we could do is count our good fortune that we were not planning to use it in wedding ceremony. <end>  This ring went back to the seller  Two of the stones were damaged. One had a crack in the middle, and the other stone had a huge chip. I was not worried about getting a perfect ring for such a low price , but the ring was described as having a "very good cut", and the truth was far from it. Maybe I was just unlucky. <end>  Very milky, white stones---Not like the picture!  You get what you pay for in a cheap ring. These stones are very milky, white appearing and don't sparkle much--I guess that is what J-K means. The shipping was fast and packing good. There is a prong on either end of the ring that catches on things. I didn't notice when I purchased but after putting on I noticed right away and it concerned me that I may scratch my kids with it. My husband called the ring "gaudy". I plan on returning it. It might work for you if you just want a diamond ring and don't care if the stones are milky because it is a really, really good price. <end>
 B000NTV7UU  10k Gold 7-Stone Shared-Prong Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Fabulous Ring!  I have this same ring also in the 1/4 carat total weight, which is nice...but I have to say that this one, the 1/2 carat ring, is fabulous! You can pair it up with another ring, but it's big enough to make a statement on its own...I wear it alone on my middle finger and love it! The diamonds are very good quality for the price and very shiny. It gives me a bit of "glitz" when I go out. This ring is definitely a bargain for the price. <end>  I LOVE IT!! ITS BETTER THEN I EXPECTED!!!  I ordered this ring to go beside my 2 carat ruby solitaire and half carat diamond enhancer and it looks stunning. Had problems with UPS but what else is new, other then that I got it in a timely manner and its fantastic. There are some flaws but that's to be expected and the stones are small enough you cant tell unless your really looking with a magnified glass. If your thinking of ordering it do it, you wont regret it and you seriously cant beat the price!!!! <end>  NOT WHAT I EXPECTED  I ORDERED THIS RING AND RECEIVED SOMETHING TOTALLY DIFFERENT.OF COURSE I RETURNED IT AND GUESS WHAT. AMAZON SAID IT WAS NOT THEIR PRODUCT AND REFUSED TO REFUND MY MONEY.THEY SAID THEY INSPECT ALL PRODUCTS BEFORE SHIPMENT YET A FEW DAYS LATER I PURCHASED A CAMERA AND AGAIN I RECEIVED A TOTALLY DIFFERENT CAMERA FROM WHAT I ORDERED.SOMETHING CHEAPER OF COURSE. BUYER BEWARE.ACTURALLY NO STARS FOR WHAT I RECEIVED. <end>  HORRIBLE!!! DO NOT PURCHASE!!!!  My fiance and i were looking for a wedding band for me and since we were on a tight budget and didnt have much time because our wedding was in 3 weeks we had gone to jewelry stores in our area and tried on rings with the same color and clarity as this ring to make sure that we knew what we were ordering. Well let me tell you I just received this ring today and it is HORRIBLE! You cant see through any of the diamonds because they are are not I2/I3 these are ALL I3 diamonds and the worst possible I3 they could get their hands on! The color is NOT J/K they are like O/P again the worst ones they could get their hands on! The J/K I2/I3 rings I had tried on at the jewelry stores were really nice looking and you could still see through the diamonds and they werent yellow!!! Dont waist your time just go for a higher quality diamond. I am now stuck 1 week before my wedding without a wedding band because a company doesnt do quality control on their items and just takes peoples money thinking the general consumer doe3snt know any better. Pathetic! At least Amazon is being kind enough to try and get my replacement in on time before the wedding. Lets just hope it works or else I wont be getting a ring placed on my finger at the altar. =( <end>  10K white gold diamond ring 1/2 CTTW  FIVE STARS ALL THE WAY, THE PRODUCT IS EXTREMELLY NICE AND NO ONE CAN GET CLOSE TO THE PRICE. AMAZON IS THE BEST PLACE TO SHOP. THAN YOU <end>  great buy  I purchased this ring to wear in front of my 3 stone ring. It is beautiful. The diamonds are really clear and very shiny. I would definately recommend and will probably purchase another one to wear behind my other ring. <end>  Beautiful!  My fianc&eacute;e is using two of these to go on either side of her engagement band like an enhancer. Sits a lot better than an enhancers we looked at. These look like they cost a fortune...but at a great price with real diamonds. Very pleased. <end>  For Christmas 2012  She loved it at first sight. This ring goes really well with a three stone diamond and not too cloudy. Fit and finish are great and the band does have a little shine to it. All and all no regrets! <end>  Stunning  Simply beautiful. This ring its understated and classy but also eye catching. Diamonds are beautifully cut and look great in the setting. I couldn't be happier, it's perfect. <end>  VERY PLEASED  Someone stole my wedding band less than 1 month before my wedding, so i chose this one! Very pretty....nice and sparkly and goes perfect with my engagement ring even though its not a set. The diamonds are actually bigger than i expected. It looks like I paid more than $300.00. Im very satisfied <end>  Great ring for a easy to swallow price  Bought this ring after returning another in the same style but had only .25 cttw. This one was much better and was not much more for twice the amount of diamonds.One of the seven diamonds was slightly cloudy but the others were not too bad. <end>  Great ring, looks good, wished it was SI1-SI2  A little bit overpriced for being an I2-I3 but just a little bit. Overall the ring was great and my wife loved it. <end>  Very Satisfied  I purchased this ring for my wife because she recently lost her engagement and wedding rings. I wasn't too sure what to expect, but I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. My wife likes the ring and for the price, it couldn't be beat! <end>
 B000NTWYQ6  14k Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  engagement  This engagement ring was an awesome choice. Beautifully put together, and it looks great when the sunlight strikes it. She was extremely happy about her perfect ring; that wonderful moment of smiling at one another was worth every penny. <end>  Beautiful!  (11/30/2011)This ring is gorgeous!!! It is so delicate and classy..! I love it! I checked Blue Nile - the same ring is sold for over $500 over there.Honestly, the diamond turned out to be bigger than I expected, even though the ring itself is a little thinner... Anyway. I love it!!! LOOOVE!!!UPDATE (12/19/2011) Just today I noticed that the "white gold" started turning YELLOW on the side of the band opposite to the stone. Very upset. My wedding is tomorrow. If only I knew this would happen... I am so frustrated...UPDATE (1/18/2012)Sent the ring back (got the paid printable shipping label), got the refund - no problem at all >^..^ =3 <end>  Engaged and she loved the ring  I was trying to find the "perfect" ring to propose to my then girlfriend. I was looking for something that didn't conform to the lies peddled by the jewelery industry that you have to spend 3 months of your salary on a ring (at my current salary, I can only imagine the heart attack to be had if it gets lost of the diamond falls out of the ring!) and instead focused on something that looked good and was of a high quality.With this ring I got exactly what SHE wanted. I bought it without her knowledge, obviously, but when she saw it she absolutely adored the ring.The diamond is clear and reflects very, very well. She has worn it now for over a year and there is no discoloration to the gold, so it is a quality piece of jewelry that she couldn't have been happier with, and my bank account wasn't broken. <end>  Beautiful Ring  Just received the ring I order in the mail today. After opening the box and getting the ring out and looking it over closely. The ring seems to be very well made and the diamond sparkles with just a hint of light. I was very skeptical at first because the ring is so easy on the bank. But it beats all my expectations. Very nice product...now just cant wait to give to my soon-to-be. <end>  4 month's later!  This ring is still as beautiful as the day received, my fianc&eacute;e loves it. The setting looks very sturdy and the diamond is very clear and has a great cut. I told everyone I went to Jarrods and they believed it. The case was very nice as well <end>  10 months later...  ...the ring still has a good color and is in great condition. I got this as an engagement ring, my wife has worn it every day since and it was worth the money. The diamond has some feather inclusions in it but it's barely noticeable, but as far as the color goes it looks pretty much colorless. However, the ring I got did have a visibly crooked setting. It wasn't really a deal breaker, but it still will need to have the prongs adjusted. <end>  Best gift ever!!  This ring is awesome!! The smile in her face when i put it in her finger was worth every dollar... it is a sophisticated, beautiful and luxurious piece of jewerly... she said "this is the ring that I always dreamed of..!!" It was a magical and unforgettable moment!! <end>  Better than I expected  Bought this as a replacement engagement ring for my grandmother who lost hers years back. She loves it and the diamond was a nicer quality than I had thought it would be, it glitters perfectly in the light and the band is simple and petite just the way she wanted. Definitely recommend for people looking for a cheap pretty ring. <end>  she love her nw ring  everything seens to be nice and my gf loves the ring, the only thng missing was the Certificate of Authenticity, i took the ring to the jewelry store and an expert told me it was a true diamond  D <end>  Very good design and good quality  This is a very good ring.We all like it.Almost every my friend said this a simple design but classical ring.The price is also reasonable. <end>  Perfect princess cut ring!  This ring is the perfect choice for me! I ordered a size 6 for my wife and we had her finger sized the day before I ordered, but it still seemed to be a little to big for her. It seems to be holding up wonderfully. The diamond shines beautifully in the light and no sign of fading or discoloration yet. She has received many compliments on the ring. <end>  amazing .  wowwwwwwwww , just received it better than i expected perfect engagement ring , lovely diamond. very sparkly . would recommend again , absolutely <end>  Ideal Engagement Ring  It's perfect, my fiance is completely happy with it and me for getting it!She gets nothing but compliments and envious looks when she shows it off. <end>  Upset  I loved my ring when my hubby gave it to me earlier this year. Its BEAUTIFUL. then all of the sudden (after having my ring not even a whole year) I look down and my diamond had fallen out!! Very upsetting and I couldn't find it anywhere!! When I called amazon to try and get help they said since we didn't get any warranty on it that they could't do anything for me. So now I have a ring with no diamond. I am very unhappy with amazon for not helping me! They shouldn't sell jewelry that falls apart after only a year. Wish they could have helped me more. <end>  killer of women, but with pizzazz!  I put this lovely engagement ring in a dessert being served at a 5-star restaurant as a means of proposal. I forgot that my now-dead fiance is legally blind. Before she could notice the ring on her plate she swallowed a bite of her cone-head sundae, and the ring with it. The diamond shredded her esophagal lining and she died hours later. But man, what a way to go! In style! Great product, will ask 5 other women to marry me with this ring but in safer circumstances. <end>
 B000NTX1DG  14k Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  she loved it  My girlfriend (now fiance!) really loves this ring. It is beautiful and comes as described. On the inside band it reads in very tiny print "14K white gold", but she didn't notice that. The ring is perfectly clear, very sparkly, and an overall sweet deal.Also opted for overnight shipping and it came just in time. Thanks Amazon! <end>
 B000NTXGLI  14k Gold Round 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Small but Pretty  I love this ring. I bought it for myself for Christmas last year and absolutely love it. I was disappointed in how small it was but I should have expected it because it is only 1/4 cttw. <end>  14k White Gold Round 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 7  The 14k White Gold Round 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 7 looks really good and looks like a very solid contruction, fits very well, a very good product for the price. The only issue is that it not came with a diamond certification. Thank You... <end>
 B000NTY5R2  Damali .925 Sterling Silver Anklets February Amethyst Swarovski Crystal Ankle Bracelets ||	  Swarovski Crystal Anklet  I have been looking for an anklet (bracelet) that is mid price but still feminine. I have owned gold ones in the past that either break right away or last forever. So I decided to check on line for something different because I did not like what I found in the stores. I checked amazon.com and they seem to have a large selection and they also had a large selection of Swarovski crystal beaded anklets. The pictures grabbed my attention, because they were different and feminine. The prices on the anklet's seemed somewhat high but it was hard to say if they were worth what was being asked for them until I actually saw the item in person. Well, I took the chance and ordered the February Amethyst Swarovski Crystal anklet and it is a beautiful piece of art work. You can tell this piece of jewelry is hand made and someone took pride in their work. I have only worn it for a month now but if it holds up it will be worth the $65 I paid for it. It sort of upset me to find that they have dropped the price on this item by $20 since I bought it, but I thought I should take the time and write a review because this item is outstanding!February Amethyst Swarovski Crystal Gold Beaded Anklets - - LARGE 10.5 In. <end>
 B000NTZMYM  Romantic Rose Bouquet Gift Box ||	  AWESOME!!! GIFT!!  This was a great gift to give. My girlfriend loved it!! I've never heard so many wow's before. A great gift for a special one. <end>
 B000NURZ96  Sterling Silver Gleaming Princess Cut Amethyst 0.3" x 0.6" Post Stud Earrings ||	  Gleaming Princess Cut Genuine Amethyst Gemstone .925 Sterling Silver Post Earrings  Perfectly matches the pendant. Magnificent in design and quality. Well worth the price. <end>
 B000NUU1NS  Sterling Silver Peridot 0.75" Post Stud Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings!  Just received these pretty earrings. They seem to be very nice. Since I am giving them as a gift, I cannot speak to the quality but there's no reason to believe they are anything less than perfect. Thanks! <end>
 B000NV2O6Y  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stone Emerald Cut Lever Back Leverback Earrings ||	  Love Them  I love these earrings I have 2 pair and they are so comfy and light... <end>  Very Sparkly  These dainty earrings are so affordable and add sparkle to everyday.Comfortable to wear anytime and forget you're wearing them.I am very happy with this purchase <end>
 B000NV6IZM  14k White Gold 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  lost in mail  i orderd this ring for mine and my wife wedding aniversary well in advance, and it got lost in the mail. then once i got it, after our aniversary, i was not impressed at all in fact it really sucks. <end>
 B000NV6JF6  14k White Gold 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1/3 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  Beautiful Ring  Shipping took 2 days which was a major plus, bought this for my girlfriend as a one year gift. The ring looks exactly like in the picture, and although its a little less metal in the band than most competitors, you cant beat the price. Id recommend this purchase to anyone <end>
 B000NV9M3C  14k Gold 3-Stone Diamond Ring (1 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity) ||	  Buyer Beware  One of the prongs broke after 2 days. I don't know if it was just one bad ring out of a 1000 or if all the rings are low quality. Needless to say I am returning this item.The other issue is not with the maker of this product but with Amazon. They list this product as coming in a luxury wood box and it came in a cheap blue velvet box. <end>  Very good quality  I just got the ring, it's very well made and the diamonds are brilliant. It definitely looks like a 3k ring, I am very happy for the price that I paid for. <end>  Elegant ring  After reading the review posted about this ring I was a little skeptical to buy it. But Amazon has the best return policy, so I clicked and got the ring. The diamonds are clear, the cut is very nice, and the band is thick and strong. This ring is giving me a lot of joy, and I feel lucky to get it at such a wonderful price. Once again Amazon made my day! <end>
 B000NV9MEQ  14k White Gold 5-Stone Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  Beautiful  I like this ring. The diamonds are VERY bright. I haven't looked at them under a 10x microscope, nor do I intend to, but they are beautiful to the naked eye. It's very delicate and feminine. I don't think it looks lonely at all. Perhaps that is because I have a small ring size (4? 4.5? I forget.)which puts the diamond to hand ratio in my favor  ) The only thing is I wish the diamonds were not so blinding white. My engagement ring has a blue diamond in the middle and two very light yellow diamonds. I feel like a rapper's wife will all of this bling, which is why I plan to wear them on two different hands unless I'm going somewhere mega fancy. Nice ring. Thumbs up! <end>  5-Stone Diamond ring  Good as a stacking ring with others, or as a ring guard. Looks a little lonely by itself, although if you like the slender delicate look, it's fine. <end>
 B000NVBMP8  14k Yellow Gold 5-Stone Diamond Ring (3/4 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  impressive ring  This is my first jewelry purchase from Amazon, but I have been a loyal customer, and I knew that the ring will be first rate quality, because I trust Amazon with all of my purchases.The diamond stones are clear, shiny, and well cut. The gold band is thick, and strong and I will not have to worry about thinning out from wearing it every day. <end>  5- stone Diamond Ring  Diamonds were larger than expected. Weight of the gold is substantial as well. Receive many complimentary comments every time I wear it. Sometimes leary about buying expensive products on line without seeing them first, but this was a winner. Have also returned items bought from Amazon, and their "no-hassle" policy is stellar. <end>
 B000NVH0H2  Sterling Silver Pear Shaped Smokey Quartz Gemstone Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Ring Size 6.5 ||	  BEAUTIFUL STONE  I loved this ring, but had to send it back. The stone sat too high for my liking. It's definitely not an everyday ring. I wished Amazon or the vendor had provided a side view of the ring, plus the dimensions. That would have helped in deciding to buy the ring in the first place. It would have saved me money and the hassle of returning it. It has a beautiful setting and the stone itself was clear with a beautiful cut, which brought out the color of the smokey quartz. <end>  WOW  Shipping was fast, I ordered on a friday and received that next friday. Just in time for the cocktail party. The hostess went cookoo over it. It is big and bold and deffinately makes a statement. I won't wear it everyday but will when I feel the need to show off!! made well, be careful of sweaters, I knicked mine in the first 10 minutes. . . <end>  Smokey Quartz Silver ring  I received the ring and it was really beautiful. From the picture it looks as if the stone is horizontal, but in reality it is much more flatter...its because the angle of the picture and how your brain processes the picture.The packaging was really beautiful. I would recommend this seller anytime. <end>  Takes my breath away!  This ring literally took my breath away when I first opened the cute little ribboned box it came it. It is stunning! I'm sort of a big, bold, sterling silver ring junkie so I have quite a few big bold statement rings and this one stands above the rest literally and figuratively!The first thing that stands out is the color of the stone - it's perfect! smokey quartz is such a beautiful stone but can often look too dark in ring settings which hide the beauty of the stone. This one is light enough that it reflects light perfectly and shows off every facet of the gem's cut. It really sparkles!!Secondly, the setting is gorgeous! It does stand really tall, which I think makes it even prettier, and the setting is both ornate and at same time, modern - if you can imagine that combination. It is very shiny but does not appear to be rhodium-plated which is nice. Although rhodium-plating can really make sterling silver rings pretty, I think it changes the color of the metal too much and I'm not a big fan. I'm so glad this ring doesn't have any of that. The little swirls that come down over the stone are much prettier in real life than they are in the photo. They are a little sharper than i would have liked but I don't think sharp enough to scratch me - but I've only had the ring 12 hours - so time will tell.I ordered the last one they had in stock in any size - a 4.5 which I thought might be a little tight as my ring finger is really a 4.75 but it fits perfectly. I think it's because the top of the band is very open (where it opens up to hold the stone) and that makes it feel a little larger.Shipping was fast and even the little shipping cardboard box was adorable! I really hope they re-stock this ring because it's the most lovely ring I own and the price point was outstanding!!! <end>  Smokey Quartz Ring  This ring is big but it is beautiful. I wear it almost daily and it still looks great. I have had many people comment on how pretty it is. Although it sits high, I have not had any problems with it catching on anything. I will say that the stone in the picture is darker than mine. <end>  May have been good, it it were real for Elizabeth Taylor!  The ring is actually a pretty smokey quartz ring, but it was very big. If you had seen, Elizabeth Taylor's pear shaped diamond ring in photographs , that's how big this one is. It was just too much for me. I returned it and ordered one that I hope is at least half the size as this one. <end>  BOLD  This is a beautiful bold ring - the stone is beautiful. If you are looking for a bold smokey quartz ring you will not be disappointed with this ring. It looks much more expensive that it actually was. <end>  Cute Big Thing!  This ring is as big as you see on the product page but that does not make it any less cute than it is!It is really beautiful and delicate at the same time. For sure I will keep buying from here. <end>  A Big and Bold Ring!  I ordered this ring last summer. Shipping was fast, I ordered it on Wed. and it was here on Sat. I love this ring! The smokey quartz is big and very pretty. The sliver setting is study and well made. The only problem with the ring is the setting sits high on your finger.This is not a problem for me, but the size of the stone and the high setting could be a problem for someone with small hands. It is a great ring for the price and now that the price has gone even lower, this is a ring that you should buy while you can. If you like large bold rings this ring is just for you. <end>  Incredible Deal; Incredible Service  I love love love this ring. While the other reviewers had it right, it is big, I still love it and will wear it everywhere. The shipping was incredibly fast and everything arrived in perfect condition and in the cutest little gift box I've ever seen. Can't say enough good things about this purchase. Would definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this ring because I wanted a nice right hand ring. I love it! It is a rather large ring, but it's meant to be a cocktail ring so I was expecting it to be large. The quartz is cut nicely and set well, and the ring is well made and comfortable. The only downside I've encountered has been the little swoops that go over the gem catch on things, but besides pulling my hair a couple of times, it hasn't been an issue. I'm extremely pleased with this ring. <end>
 B000NVMSE2  Sterling Silver Oval Shaped Garnet Gemstone Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Ring Size 8.5 ||	  Pretty, but defective.  I bought this ring along with another smoky quartz ring from the same vendor. This ring fit nicely, but the large stone was chipped, scratched and had numerous bubbles in it. The silver is 'heavy' looking, not delicate. The other ring had to go back because it was simply HUGE, and I didn't want something that big, but it was in excellent condition. It sat a good half an inch above the top of my finger and the stone was as wide. This ring was also big, but not overly so. Neither appeared like good quality rings but then for these prices, you can't really expect top quality. <end>  Garnet ring disappoints  The ring I received had several scratches on the big stone and the side stones were lighter in color and didn't match. I returned it. <end>  Disappointed in the small stone color.  I was disappointed in the color of the 6 small garnet stones surrounding the large center stone. The small garnets are very light in color, like a blush. I am having my local jeweler replace them with fire garnets to match the center stone. Had I known of the color variation, I would not have purchased this ring. The photo on the internet does not represent the true color of the garnets. <end>  Beautiful ring, better than picture  This picture does not do this ring justice. The ring sparkles in every light but it sits low on the hand so that the prong don't get caught on things like hair and treads from cloths. The color of the stones match my high quality garnet necklace perfectly, but I didn't have to spend tons of money to get that quality. This ring is worth so much more that what I paid for it. It was a wonderful buy and I only wish I had purchased it sooner. <end>  Nice ring  This ring was suitable for my wife's birthday. It's very nice one with perfect hand made. It's sliver was pure. She was very happy to owun this ring. <end>
 B000NVOUY8  Sterling Silver Oval Shaped Amethyst Gemstone Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Beautiful ring  This is a great ring! The only issue is that I ordered a 6 because they didn't have a 5.5 in stock but I just wear it on a different finger than I wanted. It is a great price, the ring looks much more expensive than it is. So far I have worn the ring everyday for a week and have had no issues with it. If you like amethyst this ring is right up your alley! It looks exactly like the picture on here too! <end>  Bigger than "adorable"  I won't claim to be a jeweler, but this ring is very pretty. Bought it for my neice's 16th Bday. Much larger stones & band than I thought - and a bit too big for a 16 year old. Guess the word "adorable" in the product description threw me off. Great size for an adult hand. Thought about keeping it for myself but am saving it to give my neice for her 18th or 21st Bday. Despite the ring being pretty, the box is cheesey and gives off a "cheap" presentation. Will definitely buy a nice box before gifting. <end>  great ring  love the ring looks as photo but the lighting on the pic makes it look like the more colors in the stones they are a clean lighter stone but all and all a great lighter amethyst stone for the price I was happy.Just a note for you I got the 6 so that I could uses it in the middle finger my wedding band is a 4.5 and I have tiny hands I like the look of a big ring and for me in the middle it is a great size. shipped fast, and I am in Alaska! <end>  Beautiful but flawed  Its absolutely gorgeous, the girlfriend loves it. But the silver's alloyed with nickel, dont get it if the recipient reacts to nickel. <end>
 B000NVQCPS  Sterling Silver Rectangular Shaped Pretty Smokey Quartz Gemstone Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Ring Size 4.5 ||	  Smokey Quartz ring  Pretty Smokey Quartz Gemstone Band .925 Sterling Silver RingThe setting prongs are high and catch on loose material. The sterling silver looks like it is sterling silver coated. Very high gloss, shallow depth. I know this is an inexpensive ring, but in person it looks even cheaper than that. <end>  Too big and horsey looking  I purchased this ring along with the same vendor's 'adorable garnet' ring. Both had to go back. The garnet ring was nice but the large stone was damaged in multiple spots. This ring was in excellent condition but it was just ridiculously big. The photo looks like a ring that could make a statement but not one that would be an anchor! It wasn't heavy, just cheap looking. You half expect to see mold lines up the sides of it. The prongs were also huge and unshapely. It's a shame because it could have been really lovely had the maker simply reduced the size and taken a little more time with the details.I am hesitant to buy from this vendor again. <end>  Love this ring!  Been looking for a smokey topaz for quite sometime to go with a necklace I had bought for my Mom, and found this. It's a beautiful design, nice fit. <end>  Beautiful Ring!!!  This ring was just as the picture and description said. It is a very beautiful ring and it is true to size also!! This is my birthstone and have been wanting a ring for a while. Saw this one and am so glad my husband decided to give it to me for my birthday!!! <end>  stones missing and setting is not the same on bothe sides.  I purchased this ring thinking it had been enlarged for the picture. It is huge. I wish it were smaller, although some people like goddy and pretentious. I took it out of the box it came in- a cheap scratched up foil looking thing, and as I inspected the ring, I immediately noticed two of the side stones were missing. Since the ring is huge you cant miss it. I also looked at the ring from the top and noticed that the sides stones on either side of the smokey quartz were not even. By not even I mean that it was flat on one side but had ridges on the other. The reason being is that the setting on one side does NOT match the other. One side has two arrow like structures pointing up towards the quartz and the other side has two flat bars going across. There is no excuse for sending a product this shabby to anyone. Clearly they were not paying attention to their own product. I would not buy from this company again. There policy is that I am supposed to pay return shipping to them, and enclose more money for them to send back?? How that fair? They should produce a product that is not sub-standard instead of putting it all on the buyer when the photos of the product did not show all sides of the ring to begin with. <end>  Great Price Beautiful Ring  Really love this - good color - stone is large, but not too large. Great quality <end>  Beautiful Ring!!!  Bought this ring loved the way it looked. More beautiful in person. Is a little large but not overbeiring. Stone is clear and brilliant. No trouble with the prongs like one of the other reviews. I would recommend this ring with out a doubt. <end>  Smokey Quartz Ring  This ring is very sturdy. Stone/band are well-made. The only problem is, I didn't view stone/band sizes when I placed the order. Although it's a very nice ring, the stone and band are much larger than I wanted. I contacted Gem Avenue, and they replied promptly. I planned on returning the ring, but there was a death in the family, so I didn't have time or inclination to bother with jewelry, wrap, forms, go to the PO, etc. But, it wasn't the fault of Gem Avenue. Like I said, they responded within 24 hours of my email.My advice is, learn stone and ring sizes before placing orders. If a stone/band is larger or smaller than one likes, it takes time and money 'shipping' to get an order resolved. <end>  Previous reviews are under rated.....  Just recieved my Ring, packaged safely, no damage, I recieved it within 5 days of order, The page description of this Ring doesn't give a clear picture of this Fabulous Ring at a Fantastic price...The Ring is a High Gloss Polish, Ring stands 10 mm from top of finger, Quartz Stone is Clear, Great Color, Great cut loaded with sparkle, Quartz measures 10x15 mm, Mounting prongs are neat and not raised as other reviews have stated,has approx 40 Clear 1 mm CZ Stones... for a petite hand this Ring could be over whelming, recommend wearing on the middle finger to balance appearance on hand... An Extreme Value for the Top Notch Style and Workmanship....Buy one for yourself and a Friend..!!!!! Works well for a Man or a Woman.... <end>
 B000NVQRRG  Bleach  Division Ten Toshiro Hitsugaya Symbol Necklace ||	  Quick Delivery  The product came to the right adress and it was delivered quickly. I bought this as a gift for my sister and she was very happy with it. <end>  Awesome!  I was pleased to see how this necklace looked when I got it. It has a really good chain at a decent length. A great product at a very, very good price. <end>  Cool Necklace  Nice necklace good to wear. And if your head isn't to big like mines no need to unhook. <end>  Go Bleach!!!  I Got This Because I'm A Fan Of Bleach. It Took About 2 Days To Get Here. Its Super Awesome And A Lot Cooler Than I Thought It Would Be. It's Exactly 1.4 in. Tall And 1 in. Wide. It's Completely Durable And Wouldn't Break, Unless You Throw It 100 Feet In The Air. I Wear It All The Time, I Don't Regret Getting It. So If You're Thinking Of Getting It, I Would Recommend It. <end>
 B000NVRE8W  14 KT White Gold Gleaming Amethyst Gemstone Flower Pendant Charm ||	  Great Graduation Gift  My niece received this as a graduation gift. She absolutely loves it. Especially since she is attending TCU and these are their school colors. <end>
 B000NVRY5A  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet oval stone bali bead Lever Back LeverBack Earrings ||	  Very nice earrings  I like these a lot. It can be hard to see the color of the gemstones well because of the way they are set. <end>
 B000NVTUZW  Bold Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet stone LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  light and nice looking  the earrings are as in the picture, stones look good and are light and comfortable, reasonable quality for the price. The silver does not look as in the picture but just like polished silver. <end>
 B000NVUUVA  Sterling Silver CZ Oval Bali Bead Leverback Earrings ||	  I like them  The lever is secure. Doesn't look too cheap. The silver is a bit soft, though. They look nice on any kind of fashion. Good for the price. <end>
 B000NVXYGI  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Filigree Teardrop Leverback Earrings ||	  Gift Well Worth the Price!!!  A friend purchased these earrings for me for my birthday. I had dropped them on to my Wish List while I was thinking over the purchase. I was concerned that they would not be as nice in real life as the online pictures. They are lovely. They are light, but a good size stone to be noticed by others. The pouch is adorable. The surrounding filigree work is a very nice detail. I came online to purchase other pairs in different colored stones. They are a very, very nice purchase and make a very thoughtful gift. Not too expensive, but look like quality jewelry. <end>  Gorgeous!  I got these as gifts and wasn't 100% sure on the vermeil/topaz color combo - but I've got to say that they're quite beautiful in person and very delicate looking. Like something out of the Metropolitan Museum catalogue! And for a fraction of the price! Great buy! <end>
 B000NVZF6U  6-18mm Dyed Tiger-Eye Graduated Bead Necklace ||	  Not great...  The length and weight of this necklace is very nice and the beads are nicely graduated.BUT.... the Tigers Eye's look to be poorly painted beads instead of just dyed. If you look at the close up photo, that is exactly what all the beads look like... I think I was hoping for more luster or something.When I was a child, my mother had a large Tiger's Eye ring that shone and captured the light in various ways and was so fascinating to look at.... I think I was expecting something more like that.I give it three stars because the necklace does look wonderful with the dress I wear it with, so it was totally worth the gold box offer price. <end>
 B000NVZKZQ  14k Yellow Gold Amethyst Dragon Pendant Necklace ||	  It's Beautiful But . . .  The pendant is lovely and looks like the picture, but I had two problems with it. The first is that when I wore the pendent, it completely lost its translucent quality. It looked like a dark purple rectangle and the dragon was hardly visible. The second problem is that every time I leaned forward, even slightly, the pendant would flip around to the other side. Within the space of an hour the pendant spent as much time with its back to the world as it did with the carved side facing front. That may not bother everyone, but it drove me crazy, so I reluctantly returned the pendant. The chain was handsome but did not feel substantial enough for this pendant. But, you can always use a different chain. <end>  Quality Control Problem  I ordered this product twice, and returned it twice. The first time the chain was so tangled in the beads just above the dragon that it couldn't be untangled without removing a head pin. This tangling had to have happened during the manufacturing process, it couldn't have tangled that way on its own. The second one came out without an end ring with which to connect the chain to the spring ring clasp.The dragon itself was beautiful, and Amazon was very good and very prompt about handling the returns. However, I decided that the third time was not going to be the charm and declined to have it replaced yet again. <end>  It's OK  It is nice and my DIL likes it. It really should have a larger gauge necklace for the weight of the pendant. <end>
 B000NW06F4  Bold Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet stone Circle LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Just OK...  I bought these as a gift for my friend but am exchanging them for some others. I wasn't particularly blown away by them as I was for the other ones I bought. The stones are nice, but the workmanship isn't too great (for ex., the stones arent centered on the disks and again, the silver looks coated or something). Overall, they're just OK. SilverSpeck has nicer selections to choose from. <end>
 B000NW3FPW  14k Yellow Gold Simulated Pearl Earrings, 14 mm ||	  Overpriced  These were quite overpriced. They are nothing special and shouldn't be selling for more than say $12 - $15.00..............big ripoff for $ 45.64. Really. <end>
 B000NW3OM6  Large Southwestern Style Indian Chief Headdress Ring with Turquoise & Coral Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver for Men, Size 12, #10535 ||	  WOW!!! and a POW WOW of a RING!!!  This is a fantastic looking ring and will cause a sensation when you wear it....Every American should wear this ring to honor our native Americans who have suffered greatly at the hands of our unjust government and theirbroken promises....Marlin Brando would have loved this ring and worn it proudly to show his support of all native Americans.... <end>  Worth the money!  I bought this ring at a local pow wow three years ago for $120 - but in a size 9. It has a good weight, very sturdy and wears well. I would buy another one in a heartbeat! <end>
 B000NW4GXW  Sterling Silver, Freshwater Pearl, and Cubic Zirconia Necklace, 30" ||	  Nice versital necklace  Very pleased with this necklace. It lends itself well to many occasions. I have worn this with nice top for work or out around town on the weekends. Matches quite nicely with the earrings [Sterling Silver, Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Cubic Zirconia Earrings] and also matches the drop pendent necklace [Sterling Silver 7x9mm Pear-Shaped Freshwater Cultured Pearl w/ 6mm Round Brilliant-Cut Cubic Zirconia Pendant, 18"]. Be aware that the blue crystals are very light in color and that the necklace mixes blue and clear crystals together. All together this is a very pretty necklace and I am happy with my purchase. <end>  Delicate and versatile...  I really like this necklace. It can be doubled as a short necklace or worn long. It looks very pretty with a variety of colors and styles. You could wear it with a little black dress, or dress it down with a white cotton shirt and jeans. Very pretty. I got it on sale. Very satisfying. I just need the earrings now. <end>
 B000NW5PPA  Large Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst stone LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Fair quality for the price  I ordered these to coordinate with the pale lavender and gray T-shirts that seem to be current, this spring (2011). And for that, these earrings are perfect--in both appearance and price.Once you factor in handling/shipping, the price is what I'd expect to pay in a retail store. Their picture (on my monitor) is very true--but in the hand, of course, they're smaller. So their visual impact (including color) is much more subdued--too plain to support anything dressy, and too wan to integrate with an outfit in stronger colors. The metal weight is also light, though not flimsy. They're delivered in a postage-stamp, pale-blue pouch. As a gift, they'd make an unimpressive, even chintzy-looking, presentation--but I'm quite happy to have them for myself! <end>  Great earrings!  These are great earrings-the stones are great quality. I liked these earrings so much that I bought them in 4 other colors. I have purchased them for presents for others, and get compliments all the time. <end>  NICE COLOR STONE  Nice pair of amethyst earrings for the price. Color and clarity of stones were very nice. The stones are a good size also. <end>  Amethyst earrings  These earrings are very nice for the price and the stones were bigger than I thought they would be. The color of the stones is a very light color but are still very pretty. <end>
 B000NW6ZLS  14k White Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/4 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Great Little Ring  I just got this ring today and I really like it. I bought it as a splurge for myself. It's small and dainty and I think it's a perfect right hand ring--it doesn't over shadow wedding rings or engagement rings.The diamond is nice and sparkly and the band is solid--no hollow parts in this ring!I think it would make a nice starter ring. It looks great with some accent bands I already own. Thanks amazon! <end>  Cool small ring  The ring is indeed small, but what do you expect from a 1/4 carat ring? It looks good and the diamond is clear and sparking. The base is a little bit too high so it doesn't match well with my band. But compared to the price I paid for, it's a good deal. <end>  Terrible  I got this ring recently from Amazon and its tiny. Absolutly tiny. Sent it straight back. The pictures do not even closely reflect how small the ring actually is. I and my girlfriend were very annoyed at the disapointing size of the ring. <end>  great sparkle.. small size  i bought this ring because i have 5/8 k earings (which brings it to about 1/4 k per piece)... so, i thought i could match them.. this diamond is ABSOLUTELY smaller than the earings, but it is obvious that the ring is much thicker (deeper cone shape, where the earings are much flatter). I don't think that THAT makes up for the HUGE difference.. anyway, it is worth mentioning that the picture GROSSLY misrepresents the ring. They probably took a picture of a 1 K diamond and pasted it on the 1/4 k item.. <end>  If I wanted a piece of coal...  I will start off by saying that yes, you do get what you paid for. With that said, I would still like to acknowledge the horrible clarity of this diamond, despite the relatively good price. I am the first to understand that if you want a diamond solitaire ring for under $[...], don't be too surprised by the lack of 4c's. However, this was just ridiculous. I've done a fair amount of jewelry shopping in second hand stores, namley pawn shops, and have come up with much beter diamonds than the one exhibited in this ring. I wish that I had taken heed to the comments/ratings left by others. Perhaps my stone was just bad, but once again, this was just ridiculous. <end>  Beautiful ring at a great price!  I purchased this to replace my wedding ring I lost 2 years ago. I have 2 in diapers and have to watch what I spend, so I've been looking off and on for years.The only thing I wish is the stone was bigger, but who doesn't, lol.The diamond is very colorful. There is one small inclusion, but it's not that obvious. I would certainly recommend this to anyone looking for a beautiful ring on a budget. <end>  Smaller than the photo  I made a comparison with the photo and Amazon shows that the diamond reaches the base, not in reality, there is a space.The diamond is smaller. <end>  beauty  I love the beauty of diamonds. I feel that they represent good karma.They make me feel a little stronger, you know? They came from the earth, and are older than all of us. <end>
 B000NW6ZQI  14k White Gold Marquise Solitaire Diamond Ring (.05 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 8 ||	  Nice but small  the ring is really nice, the setting and the stone look really good. The diamond itself is tiny, but that's what you would expect because of the carat. Now the problem with mine is that the stone got lost 2 hours after I gave it to my wife. I'll see what I can do with amazon as far as warranty on the item. <end>
 B000NW70IK  14k Yellow Gold Dyed Tiger-Eye Ball Earrings, 14 mm ||	  Luckily not too large..  I bought these earrings for my mother's birthday to go along with a bracelet I got for her.Luckily, though the size of the tiger eye is 14mm, it does not look too large on my mom's ears. And another thing I like is that they don't dangle too low. <end>
 B000NW814M  Sterling Silver Braided Love Knot Earrings ||	  Quality not that great and the backs fell off  I thought these looked so pretty in the picture and I must say they arrived in a nice package- you could totally give this as a gift.THe knots don't look quite as "tight" in real life- they were a little looser than I'd have liked, and a little bigger than I expected. The worst part however was the backings- they just didn't fit right or stay on. They were not tight enough- I think these might even have a catch like most posts of earrings do, but they still slid right off. The second time I wore them I lost both backings- and luckily was able to find the earrings. Still a little disappointed- I thought if I ordered from the Amazon brand vs a random seller it would be reliable quality. It was my first time ordering jewelry online- disappointing! <end>  Very cheap  The packaging is lovely, but doesn't do anything to protect the earrings in transit. One earring arrived more tightly wound than the picture, and one looser. Individually, they would have been fine, but as a pair they look silly. Very disappointed with the quality. <end>
 B000NW9Z3S  10k White Gold Marquise Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/4 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  Beautiful and simple  This ring was beautiful in the box and on my finger. It shines oh-so-prettily and I find myself staring at it all the time. I'm a size 7 but this ring fits me a little loose. If there were half or quarter sizes, I would have gone down a little. But that's the only issue I have and the way I see it, I have some wiggle room for gaining weight after children without cutting off circulation to my finger! <end>  Great Service and Product  The ring was beautiful. It was exactly what I hoped for and very cute. It's a small diamond, so it makes a great promise ring if you're not looking to get engaged just yet. I loved it! <end>  Great Ring!  Bought this for my wife and she simply fell in love with it. Great price and great gift. I would give it a 10 star! Diamond is perfect! <end>
 B000NWCE2M  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot and Rainbow Peace Heart Spinning Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  PLEASE bring it back!  I bought this ring once and *loved* it a lot. Unfortunatly I lost it somewhere not too long ago and I'm quite distraught about it. I miss this ring and hope it gets brought back SOON. ; _ ; <end>  Wonderful!  I had bought this for my partner, and she loved it!!  ) It's a wonderful gift! <end>  Awesome Ring!  I've become a huge fan of Silver Insanity's jewelry and this piece is no exception. It is very well made and very sturdy. I bought this as a thumb ring because it's easier to play with the spinner. One piece of advice though... at first I was going to return it because it wasn't spinning properly, it seemed to be catching and dragging in one spot, but after playing with it for a while it actually started spinning more freely so I no longer saw any reason to return it. I highly recommend this ring or any of Silver Insanity's jewelry, you won't be disappointed! <end>  QUALITY POOR  I THOUGHT THE OVERALL QUALITY WAS VERY POOR. I DID NOT GIVE THIS TO MY WIFE AND JUST DUMPED IT. <end>  Looks beautiful, but does not hold up  Purchased this ring as a Christmas gift. After receiving the wrong ring from the seller, and not having it in time for Christmas was already annoyed with it. Finally received the correct ring almost 3 weeks after the initial contact from the seller saying the correct ring would be sent. Was upset in the quality, or lack there of. I have owned several spinner rings, and this one does not match up. First, the inside ring that the spinner sits in is not a solid band. It has vertical openings throughout it therefore not making it very sturdy. The ring was accidentally dropped the first week she wore it, and the spinner stopped. Looking at the ring it was clear the inside ring had bent slightly. After attempting to stretch and shape it back, the ring would spin slightly, but not freely as it should. Overall, a very disappointing purchase. It has the potential to be an awesome ring, but the shortcut on silver in the inside band truly deteriorates the quality. I would not recommend making this purchase. <end>  Green finger...mNferz  I bought this as a christmas present for my girlfriend. I thought b/c it is sterling silver it would be good to go, but apparently it is just cheap b/c now there is a green ring around her finger. I'm annoyed and want my money back! Now I seem like a cheap-o that can't pick out a good ring...BS. <end>  Excellent Ring  Terrific ring! I have never purchased a Spinner ring before and I love this one. I was also searching for a ring, that was not only Celtic insprired, but GLBT inspired. And I found both in this beautiful ring. I have ordered from Silver Insanity many times before, and have never been sorry. My order always arrives fast; sometimes ahead of schedule. I will do my silver shopping through this company for many years to come. <end>  Worst Ring Ever!  This ring is made of the cheapest "silver" known to man... it leaves your finger black within minutes of putting it on. These days, silver is usually at LEAST coated to protect the wearer from that "oh so icky" black tarnish that can form on the skin under the ring. No such luck with this piece of crap. Not only did it leave the "attractive" black as soot band around my finger, one of the rings I ordered (I ordered three for myself, my girlfriend and our "gay supporter" roomie) was defective in that the band that is supposed to spin, wouldn't budge without great force. So, at the risk of sounding redundant, this ring, is crap. Go buy something that has at least the coating on it to protect your finger from the appearance of blackrot! <end>  Lovely  A solid little ring of decent quality. However it is much daintier than it looks in the photo, it isn't a terribly wide band, so the stripes on the heart are a lot less subtle than they appear in the picture. Overall a wonderful item. <end>  Great Ring!  This ring is very nice and looks so much better in person than in the picture. The spinning section spins freely unlike other spinning rings I have purchased elsewhere. The only bad part is I have developed a habit of spinning it when nervous or anxious but there are worse things I imagine. I highly recommend purchasing this ring if you like the style. You won't be disappointed. <end>  got it for my ex  i got this ring for my ex because when we were together i sent her a picture and it was supoose to be a promise ring...anyways it fit nice once she got it wet it spung and she played with it for a long time. her face lit up when i gave it to her. she loves it so much. i still had to get it for her. <end>  Celtic Knot Spinner Ring  I bought 2 rings as a celebration of our 25th Christmas together! They are quite lovely and interesting. The Rainbow Peace design was the perfect gift for our anniversary! Thank you! <end>  Great Products...!!!!  I have made many orders from Company and ALL have been WONDERFUL... This Ring is exceptional.... Colors are vivid and sizing was perfect. <end>  Good product, not so good service  The ring was lovely and delivered on time. However, it was the wrong size. I tried to contact the company and it took them 2 weeks to respond. By then it was past Christmas. <end>
 B000NWG8ZQ  Sterling Silver Cute 9mm Fresh Water Pearl Citrine Post Stud Earrings ||	  These earrings are lovely  I was looking for some citrine earrings on the Amazon website and was taken by these. I would disagree with the description of them on the Amazon site - "cute" does not characterize the elegance of these earrings. The citrine and freshwater pearl work well together. I was surprised when I opened the package - these earrings are larger than the impression one gets from the picture. And they are substantial. My suggestion is that you obtain some washer-style backs to keep the earrings up on the ear lobe (they are a bit weighty and tend to fall forward - at least on me). I wore them for the first time at work (at a well known cosmetics corporation) and got loads of compliments. The #1 compliment was, "They're so glamorous." They certainly are. <end>
 B000NWTUJW  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured 6.5-7.0mm Black Pearl Earrings with Silver Mount ||	  You get what you pay for (version 2.0)  This is the second time I've written this review as the first one was removed for some reason.The earrings did not have near the luster of the "stock photo" that is shown on Amazon. I have added two pictures of them to show you what they looked like. The pearls seems more like plastic beads or some sort of costume jewelry rather than something that would make you think "pearl".Everything was "cheap" about the earrings from the actual price of them to the packaging of them.I know this review probably seems overly harsh given the price of the items, but I was severely disappointed in the purchase as I felt it was a complete waste of money. The only reason I did not give this one star is because the price being as low as it is I guess I should have known better. <end>  wife loves the pearls  My wife has been looking for some black pearl earrings, i checked these out on your website and thought they were a great bargain with nice color, she flipped for them, so we are both happy! <end>  I have a very happy wife  This is the first time I have purchased jewelry from Amazon. Very pretty and very impressive packaging. It also came with a formal appraisal document. Very professional. <end>
 B000NWZGQ8  Sterling Silver Ocean Aventurine Flower Ring, Size 7 ||	  Needs quality control.  I got this ring when it was on sale, so I'm keeping it, but if I had paid full price for it I definitely would not be happy.The first ring I received was very pretty, the stone was a nice color and carved as pictured. Unfortunately, it fell out of the setting two days later, even though the setting wasn't broken. I couldn't get it to stay back in, so I got an exchange. Amazon paid for shipping both ways, which was very nice of them.The replacement ring I got, the stone wasn't nearly as nice. The carving of the flower was not well done, it looks cheap, and the stone's color wasn't as vivid either.If the original ring I received hadn't fallen apart I'd probably give it 4 or 5 stars.I guess how happy you are with it depends on the particular ring you get. <end>  Gorgeous and eye catching  I picked this up for myself on a whim, it just looks so dreamy. And it is. It's not the usual sparkly flash, but the gorgeous pale blue ocean coloring is stunning. I've had so many compliments, it's dainty but sized on the dramatic side. Love it. For the price you can't go wrong. <end>  beautiful ring  Sterling Silver Ocean Aventurine Flower RingI love this ring. I was pleased with its simple beauty. It is sturdy. I am not gentle with rings. This has lasted through my routine days washing, lifting, etc. I get lots of complements on it. I have a ring mandrel. It is true to size. <end>  far nicer than expected  the previous review said it right when she said it was "dainty and dramatic." The color is beautiful, exactly what I hoped it would be.Also, I've read that Adventurine is considered to have healing properties,and some call it a "Healer of the Heart and the Soul." (if you believe in such things;) Can't hurt, right? <end>
 B000NX632S  Solid 14k Yellow Pink Enamel Childrens Butterfly Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Very pretty, but poor quality  Solid 14k Yellow Pink Enamel Childrens Butterfly Earrings - JewelryWebThese earrings are very pretty, but one of the earrings was bent when we received them. My daughter was able to still wear the earrings, because we were able to bend it back to be straight enough to screw in the safety screw backs.. but over time the butterfly wing would bend forward and need to be pushed back. Eventually the pretty pink enamel on the wing broke off.. so now the earring had one pink side and one gold side... ultimately the wing snapped off and the earrings needed to be replaced. The good news is that these earrings never irritated my daughters ears because they are real gold as advertised. <end>  Very thin and flimsy  I purchased these earrings for my daughter, but we didn't even get the backs off (which were screw backs, not fraction as was indicated in the description)before the posts and the wings of the butterflies bent. The gold is so thin that it has no substance. The thickness shown in the photos is just a trim, the entire body of the earring is about 1/3 of the thickness.The enamel was a beautiful color, but overall the product was a disappointment. <end>
 B000NZUX54  Love, Daughter, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet ||	  Lovely Daughter Bracelet  This is a beautiful daughter bracelet. My daughter just loved it, and the price is wonderful. It looks nice and feels nice when wearing it. <end>
 B000NZUX5O  Love, Friend, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet ||	  Another stunner!  ALL of these charm bracelets (and I've ordered most of them for friends, family and (I couldn't resist!) myself) are surprisingly lovely. Each comes in a silk-lined be-ribboned box with a little inspirational poem that matches the inspirational words engraved on the silver beads of the bracelet. A lovely keepsake and beautiful way to express your feelings and hopes for those you love. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  I ordered 3 of these Bracelets for friends of mine in Ireland as a Christmas present, they were just delighted with them, the detail on the Bracelet is lovely and the poem gives that special touch for a friend. <end>  Very nice  Gave as a gift and it was loved and very well made....Perfect gift for a friend <end>  Beautiful Gift  I have gotten several of these bracelets and for the price you can't go wrong. My mom, sister, grandmother and friend all loved the bracelet. <end>  Adorable little bracelet  I purchased this bracelet for my closest friend here with me at college to cheer her up after having a bad day. Paired with a card and a hug it was perfect! The bracelet looks surprisingly well made for something so inexpensive. The colors, especially the beads, complement each other nicely and give the bracelet a stylish edge. I like the word beads, very sweet. And the box comes packaged like a gift with a beautiful poem tucked into the box. Overall, a great purchase I'm very happy about. My friend loves it and wears it everyday! <end>  Ioved it  this prouduct is amazing i got for girl turning 11 and she loved it. the packaging was greatand she thanke me alot if you want a good preasent this is great. <end>  Looked Better online  Up close I thought this appears very cheap. It looked nicer online. I guess you get what you pay for! <end>  Amazing!  I bought this for my friend and she absolutely loved it! Will probably by the other bracelets in this line for family members because it is affordable but has excellent quality. I highly recommend this product/ <end>  BRACELET  I am greatly satisfied with this bracelet. It is very beautiful, easy to put on and arrived very quickly. I may be ordering more in the future. <end>  Nice bracelet  Bracelet is very nice clasp felt cheap but overall product is good. Came faster than expected that was great. Thank u <end>  Well worth price  This is a beautiful and solid bracelet. The silver is heavy grade, the beads are beautiful, and the filigree heart is so much more beautiful than the picture. This bracelet looks like I paid three times the amount. My friends (I bought two) said the bracelet was the most special gift of all because it was personal. If I had more friends, I'd buy more! LOL! Buy this bracelet -- you will not regret it. <end>  Beautiful item!  This was way more than what i had expected for under $10! The box is beautiful with a ribbon on it, perfect for a gift. The words displayed in the box are inspiring & the bracelet fits all! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful!  I got this as a present for my friends 18th birthday and she loved it! The bracelet fit her well and it is very pretty, I am planning on getting the Aunt version and graduation version for others because it's fabulous. Also, I ordered from MyJewelThief, the estimated delivery was the 6th through the 9th and it got here the 3rd. I give this a 4 stars, however, because there was a noticeable defect on one of the silver beads and the last "r" is "Forever" wasn't black; I would have returned it if given the time. <end>  Perfect  I bought this as a birthday gift for a friend in the US (I'm in Australia) she loves it. Thank you <end>  She loved it!  Bought this for a friend of mine's niece as a sort of "friendship bracelet". She absolutely adored it! I never got to see it in person, but from what I heard it was just precious!! I would definitely consider buying this again either for myself and/or as a gift for somebody else in the future. <end>  Great for the price!  I am having a baby shower and wanted to get something special for my 3 hostesses. I found these braclets and thought they would be perfect! I just got them in the mail today so the shipping was average time for standard shipping. They are very cute but feel a little cheap, I was expecting the clasp and dangling heart to be a little heavier but what can you expect for $13.00... overall I am happy with them all, I like how they come in a little decorative box with the card inside. I would recommend as a small gift. <end>  A+ Service, A+ Product!  Great product at a great price. I gave it to my best friend for Christmas (I didn't get anything in return, but that's another story) and she loved it. <end>  Great gift  I bought this for my best friend as a birthday gift, she loved it!! I recommend it 100% For some reason the clasp on hers failed and it fell off twice.. So I took it a jewelry store and replaced it.. Problem Solved!!! Other than that, definitely worth it!! <end>  pretty bracelet  This is a pretty little bracelet. Love the heart dangle. It was packaged nicely and came with a nice poem too. <end>  Nice  reasonably priced.Good gift for work colleagues and church friends and even for family.for somewone who is sick or recoveing <end>  Great Gift  My friend's birthday is right around the corner, and this gift is just right for a girl, who uses jewelry occasionally and it is also very reasonably priced. <end>  Beautiful  My daughter got this for her best friend for Christmas and the girl liked it so much she cried because it was so pretty and looked expensive she said! I highly recommend this for anybody you care about. <end>  Great gifts!  All my friends loved these bracelets. They were given to them as Christmas presents. It looks really fancy and the poem that comes with it is absolutely beautiful. <end>  great gift for best friends  I bought two of these for xmas for myself and my best friend. It was a huge hit. We have been best friends for about 7 years and never had anything &#34;best friend&#34; related. Everything is usually very kiddish... brightly colored necklaces that have two parts that are made for 8 year olds. That is not the case with this bracelet. I love it. Beautiful and definitely a good style for any age. <end>  Great product!  I ordered this bracelet as a gift and it arrived fast! I was so happy that it came when it did. The product came in a nice gift box, it was really nice and the poem enclosed was very special for a special friend of mine. This product looks so much better in person and does not look cheap at all. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone. <end>  Colorful Braclet  It's anice gift that could be given to your friends. A beautiful gift to give to anyone. Hope you guys can buy it. I LOVE IT! <end>  So Pretty  These bracelets are so pretty and I find them a BARGAIN!I bought one for each of my fab five..they will be squealing over them at our Christmas lunch because the folks at DM sent them very VERY quickly for me.Great Products..and SUPER SERVICE. <end>  was a gift to a friend she loved it!!!  I choose my gifts carefully while trying to save money. This product did both for me(  She said she was absolutely in love with it and she received a lot of compliments. Would really recommend this if your trying to suprise a close friend! <end>  A GOOD HOLIDAY GIFT!  a nice christmas gift for a good friend...you dont have to wrap it,the box is nice as is!! the price is right! <end>  megan  they were beautiful and i will be buying more. they did not look cheap like i though they might. very impressed <end>  It Was Great  It Came as it looked and said!! I was very happy and my friend i gave it to was very pleased! <end>  Loved it!  It was beautiful! It was a gift for my bestfriend and came in a beautiful present like box. Shipped fast. <end>  It's really cute!  I'm 11 years old and my mom got this for me and my best friend in the whole world. It's very well made and pretty. It looks like it will last for years. The way it closes is really cute because its like a mini anchor that you twist around to make it catch in the round loop next to the heart so it's very easy for a little girl to put on and take off by herself. I recommend this product to everyone!&#128540; <end>  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS!!!!!  I bought this bracelet for a dear friend of mines to show how much I love and cherish our friendship but I wanted something that was low cost but still nice and this product was IT. I love the bracelet and the words on the inside of the box. I can't wait to give this to my friend;) <end>  Cute  )  Very cute, looks better in person  D &lt;3 loved it. I bought it for my friend and she absolutly loved it and its a steal.  D Its really cute I would recomend it as a small gift for a friend any day. <end>  beautiful...  ...and amazing product...just what I was looking for. Made an awesome gift. Shipped fast, nice packaging. Hopefully they will have more products in future. <end>  Excelllent gift.  excellent gift. sent and my friend loved this item. it made the most wonderful gift. it is beautifully made! high recommend. <end>  nice  It is super cute but again.. you get what you pay for. VERY CHEAP and you can tell. It looks and feels cheap. It comes in a nice box but I was embarrassed to give it to my friend after seeing it because it looked so much nicer online. I should have realized this was the case being so cheap but it is nice for children. <end>
 B000NZUX68  Love, Remember, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet ||	  Pefect gift  I bought this bracelet to offer to a dear friend. It's a nice way to express feelings to dear friends. Great gift to make or receive. <end>  Clearly Charming Bracelets  Clearly Charming Love, Remember, Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours BraceletI am absolutely elated I bought this bracelet. The price was inexpensive and I got the quality I was looking for, not to over the top but just right. It's an excellent gift for any loved one. The shipping was expedient and effective. Overall a wonderful purchase <end>  Beautiful  I bought this as a gift and it was much prettier than I expected. The card was a nice touch and the recipient really loved it. <end>  A good gift, but with a flaw.  This is a great gift for someone who has lost a loved one. The product itself is great. The only flaw is, if you have a small wrist(like my fiance) this bracelet will hardly stay on. It doesn't have a clasp, kind of more a tie in, with out the tie lol.Overall tho, a great gift. <end>  4 stars  It was too long and did not seem to be very resistant, but it looks very nice. Just 4 stars. <end>
 B000NZV9NE  14k Yellow Gold Blue Topaz Journey Pendant ||	  Disapointed with the chain, impressed with the pendant...  The gold chain that came with this is the tiniest chain I have ever seen. It broke within 30 seconds of my husband clasping it around my neck. Obviously poor quality, so plan to pay for an upgraded chain with this pendant. It was really mis-matched since the pendant was of better quality and more significant in size and seemed to dwarf the chain.The pendant itself was bigger than I expected and the stones reflect light very well. It is a beautiful blue topaz pendant. I would recommend the pendant only. The price was a bit high considering the poor quality of the chain. <end>  Beautiful color  Stones are very well matched and brighter than I assumed they would be. The chain is very very fine, so I decided to use a heavier one. Overall, a nice modern piece. <end>  Very good quality and color  I was very impressed with the quality of the stones and setting. I would have given this product a full star rating if the chain was stronger and longer. <end>
 B000NZY80K  XPY 14k Yellow Gold Diamond Frog Prince Pendant (.04 ct) ||	  Handsome Prince  I have been collecting frogs for 25 years and this necklace is now one of my favorites. I have received compliments on it even though most people aren't sure what it is until you tell them and they look closer. <end>  &lt;3  I love this necklace and I wear it everyday. The chain it came on was too thin, though, so I wear it on a thicker gold chain. Everybody stares at it and tries to figure out what it is... I think people either hate it and don't tell me, or they like it. The ones who like it seem to like it because it's unusual. The whole "frog prince" thing has some sentimental value with hubby and I. ;)I don't recommend you buy it, because I like being the only one with this necklace. ha ha. <end>  Wife LOVED IT!  I bought this for my wife for valentines day and she LOVED it! I think it would make a great gift to any lady. <end>
 B000NZY828  14k Yellow Gold Created Ruby and Emerald Cherries Pendant ||	  "Cherry" of a pendant  I gave this to my girlfriend as a little gift and she loved it. It is a cute pendant that she gets comments on all the time. Plus, the price was great for a 14k pendant. I am thinking about picking another one for my niece. <end>  Very pretty pendant  I'd like to start off by saying this is a gorgeous pendant. My only complaint is, I wish it were a tad bit larger, I know you shouldn't go by the photo of jewelery when you buy it online but I did. I knew it wasn't going to be as big as the picture, but I was hoping it would be a little bit bigger than what I recieved. Other than that, an excellent buy <end>  Very nice  Got this for my daughter and she has used it during a recent formal dinner. Looks sharp and like the real deal. <end>  looks better than the photo  I purchased this pendant for my fiance on her birthday, her name is Cherry, so it was a very special presentshe liked it sooo much, and the shown photo really doesn't show its beautyit looks prettier on real lifeand I guerentee you that your girl is gonna like it too <end>
 B000NZZA7U  Mother of Pearl Butterfly Earrings ||	  Mother of Pearl Butterfly Earrings  These are a larger than they appear in the photograph and, at least the ones I received, were more of a grey tint than a white color. On the other hand the store was prompt in shipping and the earrings were well packed. <end>
 B000O16RXY  Hortense B. Hewitt Wedding Accessories Greeting Card Treasure Box ||	  Happily everafter...  This product was perfect. Purchased for my brothers wedding, was skeptical about, but when arrived it was perfect. The size is just right especially for the amount of guests we had (200). Plenty of room. The newlyweds used it as keepsake box. Arrived on time. Nothing to put together just take out of box. Thanks <end>  Great wedding box!  This box is simple and pretty. It can hold A LOT of cards, and over-sized envelopes fit in easily. There is no lock on it and no way to lock it, so that might be an issue for someone; but the lid is fairly heavy and it wasn't an issue for us. <end>  Greeting Card Treasure Box  My fianc&eacute; and I purchased this item to use at our upcoming wedding. We debated going with one of the cheaper options but decided you don't go "cheap" (looking at least) for your big day! Once this item was delivered we were elated with out decision. The box itself is extremely pleasing to the touch, looks very professional and opens/closes with ease.The only negative is that there isn't any sort of locking mechanism for it but I am sure it will be a minor worry at the wedding. <end>  Very nice item  I just received this item today. It is exactly as described. The actual color of the product is a lot better/whiter then in the picture which works perfect for our wedding event. <end>
 B000O1NDCW  10k Two-Tone Gold Mother's Day Pendant (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I3 Clarity), 18" ||	  Mother's Day Gift  The pendant is beautiful as pictured and was wonderfully received. The color and clarity are as stated. The chain is extremely lightweight though. It is a shame a better chain was not attached. I recommend anyone purchasing this pendant to also spend a few dollars on a more durable chain. <end>
 B000O206FS  10k White Gold Aquamarine and Diamond 5-Stone Pendant ||	  Not worth Buying  You will require microscope to look at the stones.The chain is so thin, not sure how manys hours or days it is going to last.not worth buying, <end>  Pretty, delicate, and feminine  I bought this for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day and I think she will like it a lot. It's a very delicate shade of light blue. My only reservation is the size of the chain which is quite short and very lightweight, but the pendant has a large space in it for the chain so she can easily change the pendant onto a heavier or longer chain. I bought this as a daily deal and feel that I more than got my money's worth. <end>  Dainty!  The necklace is very feminine and makes a beautiful "special occasion" necklace. I am happy with it. <end>
 B000O21K12  10k White Gold Blue Topaz Bracelet with Diamond-Accent, 7.25" ||	  how many pieces???  I see that others received this item intact, but the one I ordered for my wife had already lost a stone when it arrived. It is in a "sueded" pouch, in a box filled with cotton, wrapped in bubble wrap, inside the small shipping box, so trauma during shipment should have been pretty minimal. The stone was in the "sueded" pouch, but, when the next one falls out, will it be as easy to locate? Would a replacement arrive the same way, or would it at least be thoughtful enough to be looked at once before losing stones? <end>  10k White Gold Blue Topaz Bracelet  The bracelet looks good and gf is happy with it. The color of stones are slightly lighter than what the picture shows. The links are also very firm so it keeps its shape when moving around. I'm happy I got it in a lightening deal since the normal price seems a bit high. <end>  Nice color stones, good quality  Very happy with this bracelet for my wife. The quality was good. The stones were a nice color of blue. I would buy it again. <end>  cheap and not functional  This lasted about a whole 10 minutes before I was back on here to return this. No matter what she did, my wife could not work the clasp to even get it on her wrist.No matter how it may or may not have looked, if she can't work the clasp to get it on, there's no way it is going to stay. <end>  Nice  We were really happy with our gold box purchase. The blue was slightly lighter in shade than we were expecting (trying to match some earrings/necklace) but not pale... nice color. <end>  Wife loves it  She like it a lot. Same color as her eyes. Very sturdy and bright. Stones look great and are secure. <end>
 B000O21KBC  10k Yellow Gold Amethyst Bracelet, 7" ||	  Bracelet Brakes  This bracelet is pretty. However, it has broken twice just by casually wearing it. It is flimsy and the gold cannot support the weight. I would not recommend it. <end>  Jewelry  I ordered an amethyst bracelet to be used for a gift..the recipient was delighted. I was totally satisfied with my purchase. <end>
 B000O3BD5E  10k White Gold Journey Circle Pendant (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  don't bother  10k White or Yellow Gold Journey Circle Pendant (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I3 Clarity)Very poor workmanship, necklace is only 16 inches, shorter than the description, and it is a very small circle. I was disappointed and returned it to Amazon. <end>  Not bad for the price of $34.00....  I don't know what others paid for this but I don't know where else you can get 10k gold and .23 carats of diamonds (even I3) for $34.00. The pendent is the size stated (about a half inch) and the one I got is sparkly and pretty. (I think it would look great as an illusion necklace.)The chain is scary though (very likely to break) and is 16 inches not 18. It reminds me of cotton candy that is going to melt in your fingers it is so thin and a cloudy, dull, white/gray gold...but that is what I expected of the chain (I had already planned on buying a better one). Overall, I think it is well worth the low price and know some young ladies who will love it! (I ordered 2 more for my nieces for xmas.)UPDATE  I received the other 2 and this time they had 18 inch chains (Amazon must read the reviews here). Both pendents are similar to the first and look great with the chains I bought to replace the ones they came with..so I posted a photo (above). <end>  VERY cheap diamond  The chain is so think and I can barely see it. And the stones are not clear at all. They don't even look like diamonds. It is probably the worst necklace I have ever got. <end>
 B000O3EBFI  Amazon.com  Anklet Bracelet Stretch Austrian Crystal Ankle Clear  Clothing ||	  Don't wear socks with these  If you wear these with socks LOOK OUT they got caught on a sock and the anklet can't be fixed. I'm mot a happy camper <end>
 B000O3G25A  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Peridot stone Necklace ||	  You get what you pay for  This necklace was o.k. but as seen in the picture, the clear nylon thread that holds it together never really straightens out. It is very delicate and lightweight. <end>  Great Necklace!  Very nice peridot necklace. I bought the 3-piece set for a birthday gift, and I was proud to give it as a gift. <end>  Beautiful Periodot necklace.  Beautiful necklace and nice small size stones and adjustable length of necklace. Fast shipping and packaged well and recommend to all. <end>
 B000O3KH8I  Cleopatra Style Round Shape White CZ Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Can sell for 200 $  Wow. I am speechless. It is 10 times more beautiful than it looks in the picture and 48$ is surely a bargain price. According to me it can sell for even 200$. The quality of the chain, the pendant, the cubic zirconia stones and the sterling silver is excellent. I love it and I am sure my girlfriend will love it too. Thanks Peora and Amazon. <end>
 B000O3KHCE  Luxurious Marquise Shape Created Ruby & Round Shape White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very Pretty  Very attractive necklace, with lots of sparkle and shine. Peora's created ruby is a rich claret color. The photo does not capture the beauty of the stones. There's fire in those stones...lots of depth. The setting is high polished and reflective. I bought this necklace for everyday wear, but could be used for dress wear as well. The CZ diamonds are quite clear with a marvelous cut. This is a uniquely designed piece. I actually like the design so well, I purchased three of these necklaces, set with different stones. <end>
 B000O3KHEC  One of a Kind 5.25 carats total weight Marquise & Round Shape Garnet Multi-Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Can't believe the value  This item shipped very fast and I got it for about $35. The stones are large and are set well in the necklace. This is my sister-in-law's school color and her son's birthstone, so I thought it would make a nice Christmas gift. My only complaint is that the chain is very delicate and you can't just slip it out and replace it with a sturdier one. Overall the necklace is a bit fancy, so probably not an everyday item (especially with a toddler at home). <end>
 B000O3KHPQ  Trendy Oval Shape Created Sapphire & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful  This necklace is beautiful. Of course, not on the large side, but it is simple and elegant. <end>  Great for the price  I bought this for my wife last year, still looks like new, comes in beautiful long box. Hope she never finds out how much I paid for it. <end>
 B000O3M222  Cleopatra Style 1.25 carats total weight Round Shape Garnet Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful  I have had so many compliements about this necklace. I love how it is designed and fits. It is versatile and well worth the price. <end>  It's really beautiful &lt;3  It's got 17 little garnets throughout the necklace, and once I put it on I couldn't stop looking at it. It's even prettier than the picture! The garnet color is good, and in my opinion the sterling silver could easily pass for white gold. I can't wait to wear this out!  ) <end>
 B000O3M290  Flower Design Round Shape Created Ruby & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Gorgeous Necklace  It is a beautiful necklace, very shiny and impressive looking. Looks a lot more expensive than the real price. The ruby stone color is rich and bright. The cz diamonds give it a lot of blink. It is just the right size to wear with a V neck or high neck gown. Excellent quality for the price. <end>
 B000O3M2NQ  Unique 4.25 carats total weight Pear & Round Shape Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Absolutely Stunning, and exceeded my expectations.  I just got this necklace today and the beauty exceeds my expectations. The stones are lovey, the chain is high quality, and it is set perfectly. It is a gift for my mom, if it wasn't intended for my mom for mother's day I would be wearing it myself. <end>
 B000O3M2TU  Eye catchy 1.00 carats total weight Pear Shape Amethyst & White CZ Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Lovely  I bought this necklace for my son's girlfriend she was so pleased with it , wanted to get her something special so glad I bought this I am very satisfied. <end>  very nice  I purchased this item for my sister's birthday. Amethyst is her favourite stone and she's quite the diva, so the diamonds are a fabulous touch. I really wanted to keep it for myself, but I sent it and she absolutely loved the necklace. I don't have any idea about it's durability, though. <end>
 B000O3M2WM  Eye catchy Pear Shape Created Ruby & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great piece of jewelry........  I was a bit sceptical when I saw this was a created ruby but took a chance and ordered it and am glad I did. The "ruby" is a very nice color and the way it is made with the addition of the cubic zeconias is very attractive. It came in attractive gift packaging and this was very nice as well.... <end>
 B000O3M326  European Style Round Shape Created Sapphire Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Sapphire Pendant in Sterling Silver  It was exactly what I was looking for. I have diamond/sapphire/white gold earrings which match with the necklace. I could not afford the matching necklace which ran upwards of $2000. It is well made and was shipped very promptly. It is a wonderful addition to my jewelry box! <end>
 B000O3M3I0  Antique Style 3.00 carats total weight Oval Shape Swiss Blue Topaz & White CZ Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Nice, but stone is lighter than pictured  The Swiss Blue stones are pretty, clear and sparkly. But lighter blue than pictured. I would consider them a little darker than Sky Blue Topaz, but not quite Swiss Blue Topaz. A shade lighter than Swiss Blue is the best description. The setting is nice, just not sure if I'm going to return it. I bought it as a gift for my step daughter to wear to a wedding she is a bridesmaid in. Her gown is Caribbean Blue. Swiss Blue is a perfect match for that color. If the color of the stone were a "true" Swiss Blue, I would definitely keep it. I'm just so disappointed it is not the color blue pictured. Great price though for the quality of the item. <end>
 B000O3MPYC  MLB Chicago Cubs Dangle Earrings ||	  Cute  This was a gift for my sister in law, a true Cubs fan. She loves them. For the cost, they look good. But I wouldn't spend any more on them... <end>  Love it  My wife absolutely loves this product! As a Cubs fan, I Love to see here wearing it! Proudly sporting our colors! <end>  Anything Cubs!  The earrings are great! Good quality, not too heavy and don't pull down on my ears. The team logo is good solid colors, and hasn't faded or chipped. <end>
 B000O3P3VE  Chic 3.75 carats total weight Oval & Round Shape London Blue Topaz Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful  This necklace is stunning. The color is perfect. I get so many compliments on this necklace and it was also a fabulous price! <end>  The Sparkle and shine is AWESOME!!!  I love this piece!!! The value is out of this world. You have to see it to believe the beauty. I am very pleased and excited, I am wearing this for my wedding and am very proud to. Fast shipping as well!!! <end>  Gorgeous  I received this as an early Christmas gift, and I love it! The stones are a beautiful blue color, and the silver is polished to a high sheen. I would definitely recommend for anyone who loves blue stones. <end>
 B000O3P40E  Exceptional 3.25 carats total weight Round Shape Peridot Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Amazing piece of jewelry!  This is a great necklace! The color is amazing, it's bright and clear. The gemstones in the picture are darker than the actual necklace you receive. The stones are more of an icy green peridot set in a shimmering silver setting. No matter what lighting you are sitting in the necklace just glows. The necklace is petite but sturdy. You will love it. <end>  peridot  Exceptional 3.25 carats total weight Round Shape Peridot Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling SilverThis is a very dainty necklace. The quality is good and the coloris very consistent and pretty. Great gift for August Birthstone. <end>
 B000O3P47C  Flower Design 10.50 carats total weight Round Shape London Blue Topaz & White CZ Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Pretty!!  Just as advertized and arrived before the expected shipping date. A pretty piece with dazzling gemstones in sterling. It is a beautiful necklace and I would buy from this seller again. Thank you! <end>
 B000O3P48Q  One of a Kind 4.50 carats total weight Marquise & Round Shape Peridot Multi-Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great Peridot Necklace  This is a very beautiful necklace. The stones are a nice size and color. Peridot is one of my favorite stones and it was nice to find a necklace this nice for the price. <end>
 B000O3P4J0  Marvellous Marquise Shape White CZ Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Marquise CZ necklace  I was very happy with the quality of this necklace. Everything I have purchased from Peora has been of a high quality for the price. <end>  necklace  The necklace was given as a wedding gift to the bride's mother. The necklace was the best quality with the best price. It is highly recommended for quality and elegance. <end>
 B000O3P4K4  Elegant 6.50 carats total weight Heart & Marquise Shape Garnet Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great necklace  I love the color of the stone and how it hangs on my neck. It's a great necklace for the price. <end>
 B000O3P4N6  Elegant 6.25 carats total weight Heart & Marquise Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Just as expected  This product came in a very prompt manner and was exactly as described. I was hesitant about buying jewelry online but Peora really delivered with this one and my girlfriend loved it. <end>  Beautiful  My husband bought this for my birthday. It is a lovely item and I like to wear it. Nice quality and lovely color. <end>  Gorgeous  This necklace looks great on my wife. She loves it. It looks great in the ad picture and just as pretty if not more so in real life.I was concerned that the ad pic might make it appear to look better or more brilliant than it actually does. Not so. when I viewed it up close I was completely satisfied with my choice.It rests nicely when worn- doesn't fold in on itself- maintains it's spread apart shape. That is, the way it appears in the photo.The box it comes in is decent as well. Not something you would be ashamed to give as a gift that is. So no need to go pick up a handsome secondary box to place it in.Again, totally happy with my choice here. <end>  Surprisingly high quality  My wife loved this item. It looks just as good as the picture, which I did not expect. The topaz was a nice medium blue color. Seems well made, and she has not had any problems with the clasp. Nicely made. <end>
 B000O3P4WC  Unique Pear Shape Created Ruby & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Gorgeous!  The pic doesn't do it justice - looks even better in real life than in the pic. Very sparkly, and the chain is lovely. <end>
 B000O3PTB8  NCAA Tennessee Volunteers Dangle Earrings ||	  nothing fancy  nice for the money. she liked them... ... ... .. .. . .. . . . . . . . <end>  review  great price first off and the ear rings were a great piece to add to the gift that i gave and were shipped very quick <end>  go vols  bought these for a wedding where we made the garter, two accually. one to throw and one to keep. the groom is a big tennessee fan and was plesantly surprised with a T sewn on the garter for him to keep. <end>
 B000O3QPQG  Red Travel Jewelry Case ||	  Great for mobile folks!  This was a gift for my daughter in college. It is perfect because it looks great sitting on her bookshelf, but is easy to pick up and bring home with her. It makes great use of space. The only reason it doesn't get a 5-star rating is that it is a little cheaply made, but then the price is right, too. A little super glue tacked down those loose edges! <end>  Chic and well planned  Like an Ikea store, this jewelry box makes well planned and good use of its space with thoughtful attention given to getting the most use value of its storage space. Each compartment has a job to do and has been strategically placed to reflect and accommodate most and diverse collections. The sides open to reveal 10 necklace hooks and necklaces actually stay put when you open and close them, unlike many top-storage jewelry boxes which leave your necklaces in a tangled heap. It folds up to a chic and mod-looking handled box, perfect for traveling if you needed to take the entire collection with you, but the small included travel case is the perfect addition and can be stored within the larger box or kept separate depending on your storage needs. The color is as shown in the image with a slightly marbled look to the soft leather. This is a jewelry box which somehow looks both modern and classic. It looks nice open for easy access or tidily closed.The only drawbacks are that the earring storage "shelves" which slide into the top right square are clear plastic and fits small studs best; it would have been nicer if these were covered in the ivory fabric which lines the rest of the box. A few of the slide drawers, which have catches so they don't come flying out when you pull them, catch on some improperly sealed leather under the lip. This may be a defect in my individual model, or a larger production flaw in that the edges of the leather are not well sealed. I will try to fix this myself but it was not a large enough concern to return the model. If you have chunky necklaces (large stones or beads) the side necklace storage isn't a great option as the sides snap close to the main body of the box and probably wouldn't close. However, the bottom drawer has no dividers so this is an alternative solution. I have mostly small charm necklaces on thin chains which store easily on the sides and lie flat when closed.Though I thought I had my heart set on a traditional wooden jewelry box, this one immediately won me over with its great and flexible use of space, ingenious design and beautiful red leather exterior. It's one I can't wait to pass down to my daughter some day. <end>  Perfect for small amounts of jewelry  I got this because I play volleyball and was stuffing my engagement ring and earrings in pockets of my purse during game times. I was always afraid that I would lose something that way and found this on Amazon. It is PERFECT. It will not hold a TON of jewelry, but it is compact and holds the jewelry I was wearing perfect and protects it from damage and loss. <end>  Red travel jewelry case  I think you have the wrong picture with my order. I am sure this was not $12.95, but I would sure buy it for that price. <end>  not as pictured!  This is not a jewelry box, it is a small coin purse jewelry holder. Very tiny and holds very little. <end>  good deal  Good d e a l, s h i p p i n g and d e l i v e r y <end>
 B000O5YYLW  Indigo Kitten Silver Earrings by Laurel Burch ||	  Top Quality Kitty Earrings  The quality of these earrings surprised me. They were heavier and more detailed than what I had anticipated based on the website pictures. I am now considering additional purchases of the Kitty earrings in a different style. <end>  Indigo Kitten earrings  Cute realistically designed kitties. Original colour and pattern. There is a matching pin. <end>  Gorgeous earrings  These are some of the most beautiful Laurel Burch earrings I have seen. They are a little heavy; I find them weighing my ear lobes down a little when I wear them. But other than that, they are crafted well. <end>
 B000OB7P9E  Dyed Freshwater Cultured Pearl, Peridot and Citrine Dangle Earrings ||	  Beautiful color, but not perfect  These are beautiful earrings and I love the color of them, but the pearl color is not perfect. When looking at them up close, the color is a little irregular on the pearls (almost spotted--dark and light green). I don't think anyone will really notice unless they are a few inches away. I'm giving as a gift so I would've really liked them to have been flawless. If that's what your looking for you may want to rethink buying these. <end>
 B000OB9JP2  White Freshwater Cultured Pearl Floral Necklace with Silver and Copper Tone Brass Beads ||	  Love the colors! Goes with everything!  This feminine necklace attracted me because of the aesthetic, shimmering colors of the organza petals in shades of pink, fuchsia, gold, and green, complemented by the white of nice cultured pearls. I could picture it with many of my outfits. From tanks and jeans to tailored suits and elegant dresses, this promised to be a versatile accessory that I would wear often.When Amazon sent me a notice about this product, I viewed the larger photo at the top of the product page for a closer look at the floral detail; the flowers looked so pretty and dainty, I was sold!When it arrived, this necklace was beautiful--much more attractive than I had determined from the photo--so now I'm even more pleased. In fact, I wore it to lunch with a friend last week and when she raved about it, our waitress complimented it, too, asking where I had purchased it.Although it's sturdy and looks like a five-star product, I'm deducting one star because it's a little hard to clasp. I always have trouble with this smaller lobster-claw clasp, so that didn't surprise me; I knew what I was buying. However, the manufacturer could make the links a little larger to accommodate the clasp.Highly recommended. If you purchase this necklace, I hope you wear it in good health ... after your mate clasps it for you.Reviewed by  Betty Dravis, 2008author of  1106 Grand Boulevard <end>  disappointing  This necklace looks nice on picture, so light, fluffy, and floral. In real life, the pearls are somewhat ugly as they are not matching and the organza flowers are also overpowering them. The biggest issue is that the flowers are so rough that they can poke and/or tickle your skin. It's uncomfortable to wear. I returned it. <end>  Beautiful necklace  I absolutely love this necklace. It arrived exactly as described & shown. It is very flattering & perfect for the summer! <end>  Very nice piece! Unique  This is an unusual necklace - fun and functional. It can be dressed up or down. The organza was a bit scratchy at first, but after a couple wearings has softened up, but not to the point of being limp. I have gotten lots of compliments on it. <end>  Lovely but a little scratchy!!  The necklace is very pretty, nicer than the photo. The flowers are pretty colors for many outfits, it is a unique piece of jewelry. The flowers are a bit scratchy, but I think you could get use to the feeling, for me it came and went over time. I think the necklace it well worth the price and would be enjoyed for dress and casual wear. <end>
 B000ODA4XQ  Pink Floral Ring by David Sigal, Size 9 ||	  Gorgeous!  I bought it for myself, but turned out it was too big for me. I loved it so much that instead of returning gave it to my sister as a present and she adores it too. Perfect ring to wear with summer dresses. <end>
 B000ODEHRU  Sterling Silver, Garnet, Peridot, Amethyst and Citrine Pendant, 18" ||	  Much more elegant than the pic indicates!  Could not believe how absolutely beautiful this necklace is. Buying jewelry online can be risky, but not this one. It looks like it cost well over $100. The stones are a perfect size (not microscopic), and their clarity captures the light for a brilliant sparkle. I actually hesitated on giving it up for the gift in which it was intended. Definitely worth the price ... and especially if you want to look like you paid much more than you did (always a plus!) <end>
 B000OR2MF0  14k Yellow Gold Round Diamond Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  This was not a good way to buy a diamond!  I was pretty sure what size diamond I wanted to replace. I just did some research online to determine if the color and clarify listed would be sufficient. Once I received the diamond (J-K Color, I3 Clarity) it looked like it had a piece of thread on it. I wiped it off with a soft cloth, looked at it through a jeweler's loop, which I just happen to have in my desk, and saw realized that thread was a huge inclusion throughout the top of the diamond. It could be seen clearly with the naked eye and not using 10X magnification as the learning guides say. Realizing my mother can't see very well and time was too short, I gave it to her for Christmas anyway. I just hope she doesn't let anyone with good eyesight see it up close. <end>  Not so good  When I received the ring I looked a black stain in the diamond, as a point.This stain is located into de diamond and can't be cleaned or removed.It is so bad because I purchased a diamond thinking that it is almost perfect. But it is not true in this ring <end>  Flawed Diamond  It is very cheap for 1/2 carat, but you get what you pay for. The diamond I received has a very visible flaw in the middle. I ended up returning it. Have no complaint about Amazon, which is very fast in shipping and easy on return. <end>  Nice ring  I bought this ring for my wife and I'm sure she will love it. It is not a certified diamond but the ring is bright, shiny and it sparkles. Good value for the price. I checked around on other sites that offered the same, or almost the same ring, and this is the best value for your money. <end>  Good value  I am happy with the purchase. The ring looks nice on my finger as if I paid hundreds of dollars  ) <end>  It is a nice ring!  I was so surprised when I got this ring.It is much better than I thought! <end>
 B000OUYMB4  10k White Gold 2-Stone Split-Bale Diamond Ring (0.08 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Great buy!  I bought this as a promise ring for my girl friend and she liked it very much. The two diamonds look very good. The ring is simple but beautiful at the same time and for the price, it is a great buy indeed. <end>  Great Promise Ring  I gave this to my girlfriend as a promise ring and she loved it. The diamonds are extremely tiny, but that works well with a promise ring. The ring is very pretty and very well made. <end>  Nice ring  This is a very nice little ring for the price. Makes a nice promise ring, but I bought it because it was very dainty looking and I wanted it as a pinkie ring. I give it 5 stars because it met what I wanted and more for the price . . very pretty. <end>  Perfect Christmas Present  My mom bought me this ring as a christmas present two years ago and I absolutely love it. It is very small, but it works out because it is discrete, and pops when you look at it. Mine is still shiny and looks brand new, so this ring wears very well. I am looking for a new ring for my other hand, but I wear this ring everyday. This ring is not only perfect for a girlfriend, but it's also perfect for a daughter. <end>  Love This Ring!  Let me start this review by saying - I planned on just having a plain wedding band for my wedding ring. I've never been a fan if big giant diamonds and I am also prone to losing jewelry and snagging it on stuff and breaking it. I came across this ring on Amazon and decided to change from the plain wedding band, to this. The item arrived quickly and in a nice blue velvet box. Its adorable! Its perfect if you want an understated ring and if giant diamonds aren't your thing. The diamonds are nested in the setting so they aren't raised and won't snag on anything. For the price of the ring they are bigger than I expected them to be, and very sparkly and beautiful! The ring itself is also very shiny, the fit was perfect. This is one purchase where I feel like I got more than I paid for, which doesn't happen very often! Since I have been wearing it people have commenting on how nice it is, noticing it before I even show it to them. That should tell you how good it looks. People also think it was very expensive. I am very happy with this purchase. I can't wait for my wedding now! <end>  Perfect fit  This ring is petite, charming, and sparkly. It doesn't draw too much attention to itself, but it remains beautiful. Shipping was quick, and it arrived in a beautiful ring box.I only have 1 small issue with it. It seems one of the diamonds has a small chip on it, and tends to catch itself on random clothing fuzz sometimes. This makes me concerned over the quality of the diamonds, but I got it on sale ($40) so it doesn't concern me that much. Be aware of it if you buy it full price though. <end>  Great Ring  Bought it for the fiance and she loved it. She couldn't be happier with any other ring and the only downside is it needs to be resized now but thats not the fault of anyone. <end>
 B000OV6AQI  Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot Stone X and Oval design Bangle ||	  A little on the small side  I would not be able to wear this, it's very smallish, but it fits my daughter perfectly!!She loves it!! <end>  pretty but catch does not work  This is a really pretty bracelet, the stones are very light in color, not quite as nice as pictured, but still pretty and I would keep it except the bangle has a catch system which simply will not stay closed so I have to send it back. <end>
 B000OVHTEU  3 Clear Acrylic Jewelry Display Risers Showcase Fixtures ||	  Not Just for Jewelry  I have used these clear risers for small figurines, and found they are wonderful in showcasing my collection. My order shipped quickly, was packaged with extreme care and well worth the cost. A must have for any collector. <end>  Wish they were a bit wider  I got these to use as &#34;risers&#34; for various items I display in my home. I would give these 5 stars if they were a bit wider, but that's my fault in not reading the dimensions thoroughly. They arrived on-time and in perfect condition. They perform exactly as I need them to and I'm satisfied with the purchase. <end>  Perfect!  They were exactly what I expected and discreetly lift up my figurines. Great price and product; I plan to order another set. <end>  acrylic risers smaller than expected  I was not aware how small they were, so it was kind of a surprise, but for the price I can still use them but not for what I had intended. The quality is good. <end>  Excellent  These came very well packed against scratches and arrived very quickly. The sizes are very workable for display of small items. <end>
 B000OVHUNK  24 Jewelry Chinese Silk Pouches Chain Gift Display 3" ||	  A bit disappointing.  I've had several of these types of silk pouches, some even passed down from generations. I purchased these to store additional pieces of jewelry. I was excited with the price and couldn't wait. Unfortunately, they are NOT made very well. They also make this crinkly sound, I'm assuming it's the plastic lining it has. Which is disappointing b/c I was expecting soft silk throughout. Also, a few of them broken when I went to unsnap them. The button just pulled straight through. VERY DISAPPOINTING! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND. <end>  Silk Pouches  I was looking to use these pouches as pill cases so an inside zipper was a must and, while the cost of the pouches was fair (even though I didn't need this many) and they were exactly what I was looking; however, I have one negative comment...the quality is disappointing. I have one in each of my pocketbooks. My black pocketbook is used the most and so is the pill case; however, the case is already starting to pull apart at the seams. <end>
 B000OVHVA2  24 White Swirl Cotton Jewelry Gift Boxes Necklace Bracelet Displays 5 3/8" ||	  Great size  I love the size of the box. Stays nice wrapping any item as a gift. Would love to see other than standard sizes. Thank you. <end>
 B000OVJXW6  24 Slot Ring Tray Black Travel Jewelry Showcase Display ||	  Ring a Ding Ding  These were bought for Birthday gifts. The girls loved them. I already have one and we all like the fact that we can keep all of our rings in one place. The foam keeps the rings snug. The case is compact and fits in our safes easily. <end>  Functional, convenient and stylish!  This seller is highly recommended! I give them five stars ***** as the item I purchased was sent LIGHTNING FAST and packaged very securely! I LOVE my ring tray! I can now place several of my rings in it and travel with them knowing they are secure and will not "Bang" against each other. Before, I carried my rings in a large box with tissue or cotton balls. Not very effective! This tray is wonderful! Thank You for making my travels easier!!!!! <end>
 B000OVJYUW  6 Earring Boxes Bowtie Gift Wrap Jewelry Displays ||	  Worked Well  They're little boxes, they did their job well. The bows are adorable (used them to hold bridesmaids gifts). My only qualm was some of the bows had a messy glue job that marred some of the boxes (nothing too unsightly). I'd get them again. <end>  Cute boxes  After reading the reviews I decided to go for it anyway. Most of the boxes came fine, but about two of them were not glued together well and at least another two had visible globs of glue I successfully removed off the exterior of the boxes. The inside looks kinda cheap, but to be hinest, it got the job done. I had bought some pearl earrings as gifts for the kid cousins and just needed a box to put them in. WOuld have preferred something nice, but again, it got the job done. <end>  Not very pretty  These boxes did not meet my expectations. And they are smaller than I expected. I will not use them for gifts as they do not look good enough. I will put my own jewelry in them for storage. They were not expensive, but they also were not particularly good value. Would not recommend if you are looking for a replacement for the boxes that jewelry comes in. These look cheaper, not better, than the usual Amazon packaging. <end>  nice  they are nice and i thought they could be a bit bigger but they could hold at least one pair of earrings per one <end>
 B000OVJZCO  4 Necklace Pendant Gift Boxes Jewelry Displays Black ||	  Ok  I ordered this and got them and they we ok but I order some more and they were much better... Still good from the price. <end>  Good for gifts.  I ordered these to give a necklace I bought to my girlfriend, and had to pick through the four the best one in terms of quality. After lint-rolling the black felt from the dust it had collected in the box, we were good to go. The card on the inside that the pendant sits on is pretty flimsy and it's hard to ensure the pendant will look presentable with this wrapped as a gift. One of them also broke with relative accidental force -- so beware.Can't really go wrong with four of them though. <end>  You get what you pay for  I bought these cases to use with a number of lockets that I gave out as gifts. They serve their purpose and are reasonably attractive, though the construction is what you'd expect at this price point. I was satisfied with the results for the price that I paid. <end>  Really low quality product  Two of the four boxes fell apart when I opened them. These are not fit for jewelry. I don't know why you'd bother to make something this low quality. <end>  Not as described - for earrings and dirty  These boxes arrived looking very dirty. They were able to be cleaned up, but still that shouldn't be needed. The inserts were also for earrings, not a necklace/pendant as described. Luckily that didn't affect us as the inserts were tossed out anyways (we needed something for bracelets in bags to be given as gifts). <end>  Exactly as described  This was exactly what I needed and arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Awesome! Thank you. <end>
 B000OVJZGK  100 White Gloss Jewelry Display Cotton Filled Mixed Gift Box Set ||	  Lacking quality  I ordered this on a Monday and received it 16 days later. It should not have taken that long.The packaging was terrible. The two largest sizes were stacked; everything else was thrown on top. There was yellowish glue on the outside of many of the boxes, making them unusable. I tried to clean it off, but it is permanently stuck. The dimensions of the inner and outer shells do not work well with each other. Some are hard to open and some fall apart. I had to sort through them and pick out the ones I could use. Here are statistics for which ones were NOT USABLE Long ...... 45% damagedBig ........ 30% damagedRegular .. 15% damagedSmall ..... 40% damagedTiny ...... 75% damaged (!)Only 59 out of the 100 were usable. I am very disappointed with the quality, especially since I purchased these based on the good reviews.I attached pictures of two major problems with the boxes. One shows a rip that they obviously tried to fix, unsuccessfully, and the other shows the dimension problem. <end>  good product  A no frills, yet sturdy jewelry box. What else can one say? They're jewelery boxes, and they do what they're supposed to do well. <end>  Great deal  This is a great deal for a great price! I will for sure be coming back! You get a great assortment of sizes! <end>
 B000OVNLW4  Black Leather Satin Necklace Jewelry Travel Folder Display Case ||	  Huge disappointment!  This product did not even open easily and was a very cheap copy of a nicer jewelry case that I eventually found elsewhere. I appreciated the refund and will not buy their products again. <end>  Might have been better  This is a case of "lower your expectations". Compared to other products of this nature, this is an excellent product. I felt the item description was untrue to its nature since it does not appear to be made from real leather - more like a plastic that is trying to look like leather. The construction is good and, from afar, it looks decent. I remain undecided as to whether the jewelry will make the case look expensive - or whether the case will make the jewelry look cheap... <end>  Just what I was looking for!  I wanted a simple necklace case for a reasonable price without any store name to protect an antique mother of pearl necklace I had inherited. This was nearly perfect. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that velvet would have been better (this one is faux leather, not leather as the product title says). <end>
 B000OVNM0A  Red & White Earring Ring Necklace Bracelet Combo Gift Box Display ||	  A beautiful way to store a complete jewelry set  This jewelry box is a compact and beautiful way to store a complete jewelry set. It stores an elegant set so that when opened it shows the entire set beautifully. <end>
 B000OVNMDC  48 Organza Drawstring Pouches Gift Bags Assorted Colors ||	  Nice little bags  I got these to put candies in as party favors. They are quite small, so you can fit maybe four almonds inside. The colors are great. The drawstrings are ribbons, so they are pretty, too. Also, great price. As always, Amazon's service and shipping were exceptional. <end>  Jewelery Bags  I had been looking for bags that I could use to help make the jewelery that I can send more decorative.These bags are perfect for rings a small necklace or a small pair of earrings. They tie up very easily. And they where very affordable I searched everywhere for these bags and this is where I found the best deal for my money <end>  Organza Drawstring pouches  A little to small for large earrings or necklaces. I would suggest that you order larger size. Product is as described and really great for small items. <end>  Just what I needed for my beads  Good colors, variety of tones and it was perfect for small beads or earrings. They are not big enough for larger jewelry though. <end>  they are in one color?!  As the product discripted, they are supposed to be in assorted colors. Unfortunetlly, the ones I have received are in only one color, which is red!!! <end>  Perfect for our need.  We ordered these bags to use for the dice game Quarriors, which involves keeping lots of dice color-coded and separated in groups of five. These little bags gave us a lot of colors to choose from, and were sheer, so that we could not only match the dice fairly well color-wise but also identify which creature the dice represented without having to open it. They solve one of the biggest issues with that game, which is storing the dice pre-sorted. Each of these bags fits 5 dice perfectly. They'd also make good party or wedding favors, so long as you don't mind an assorted mix of colors from pastel blue to brown. They're exactly as described, basically, and it's a good deal for the amount that you get. <end>  nice and cheap  nice and cheap and make up for nice gift packing for friends and family.i loved all the assorted colours <end>  little jewelry bags.  these are fine and nicely made - a bit stiff, but very inexpensive. good colors. (word, word, word, word, word) <end>  Good  Good but small . So maybe they should say the size. Because I thought they were going to be a little bigger <end>  Great for many Applications  I bought these to put herbs and such to add scent to my dresser and closet. But I have found soo many ways to use these..and they are pretty. Some have a little fray in them but they are all usable. <end>  to small  could barely hold a ring.need in a bigger size to accomodate braceltst that we are sellinglsdkfo lfklfk dflvfkfg lfklfkl fklfk <end>  organza bags  Purchased for a couples wedding shower bought 4 bags of personalized m&ms perfect! They were a big hit! We liked all the colors, very bright and cheerful. A great buy. <end>
 B000OVPB9U  2 Black Leather Ring Jewelry Gift Boxes Displays ||	  Great Buy Would recommend  I will be using this box to propose to my girl friend this weekend.. Much smaller than I thought but perfect size to fit in my pocket and makes the ring look bigger ;) <end>  Well made & good size to showcase smaller rings  This leather ring box is well crafted. It provides a plush presentation for a ring. The fact that the inside of the box top is black is also nice for providing a contrast with light-colored stones. It's a bit smaller than most ring boxes, which is a good thing for smaller rings which can sometimes look lost in other boxes. <end>  you get what you paid for  this box cannot hold a thicker ring that it makes it not sit up right once inserted in the whole meant for the ring to sit in. But if the ring is thin it ok. however if you're looking for a box that doesn't look cheap at all, find a different one. although i may say the leather cover was acceptable and clean. <end>  Pretty presentation boxes  Perfect style for giving/selling either new or vintage rings. Very elegant. Recommended.Only issue is shipping is a bit high. Still a good product, especially if there is nothing locally available that is suitable. <end>  terrible  This product is horrible! I opened and closed one box 2 times and it broke and the other one would not snap back shut! So unsatisfied! <end>  Cheap  These are not made very well at all. Great price but in the instance you pay for what you get. <end>  Nice, but a little flimsy  I received these and promptly placed rings in each. They looked nice, but after a couple times opening I realized that if I wasn't careful to open them a certain way the hinge would get destroyed. So, nice to showcase, but don't open and close them too often if you can avoid it. <end>  Looks nice but beware when you open  The boxes looked nice but when you opened them, they broke apart. I put 2 items in these boxes hoping for a nice presentation but was really embarrassed when the recipients opened the box and it split open too far spilling the contents. The white boxes they came in were all broken and smashed as well. Not worth shipping back-do not buy! <end>  Threw them in the garbage  VERY poorly made. There's no way I could give someone a gift in one of these so i through them out. Waste of money. <end>  better off putting it in a crackerjack box  What a ripoff? To think I purchased two of these makes me twice the fool. Shoddy craftsmanship, the glue on the bottom of the boxes was visible. Open the box more than two times and it will snap. I had to go to a jewelry store to get a somewhat decent paper box that was a third of the price of one of these. I will say that it was delivered quickly. <end>  Don't Waste Your Money  The boxes were great upon receipt - just don't expect much use since the hinge will not last more than a few open/close actions. Then you're left with sprung ring boxes that neither snap open or close but instead flop listlessly. Useless for storage or display. <end>  Nice  These two display boxes were made great, and help any ring stand out! A good buy. They seem to be very durable as well. <end>  Lovely Product  The packaged arrived on time and in good order. The presentation boxes are quite nice, and I also liked the fact the presentation boxes came with the gift boxes. Very nice product. I highly recommend this product. <end>  Nice for the price  I needed a couple of boxes for eBay listings and these fit the bill. The white outer box was a nice extra. There is a slight plastic odor at first, but hey, I'm not complaining. <end>  Black Leather Ring Boxes  We have been using these boxes for a few days, one is holding up fine, but the other is already difficult to close and feels as if it is going to break. <end>  1 is perfect; 2nd one is disastrous  Needed ring boxes for Valentine's Day for giving custom made rings to 2 special people in my life. Based on price and the good reviews on these boxes, I bought them and they were delivered today. The first one I opened is perfect  size of box, quality, interior - for the price I was not only happy but pleasantly surprised in the workmanship and quality. The second one will probably get thrown in the trash even though I needed 2. The bottom is glued together haphazardly and the glue holding the base together is so thick, it is gooping out on 3 sides unevenly and causing the box to teeter-totter when placed on a flat surface. The inset that slides in the box to hold the ring in place is cut crooked so its placement in the bottom of the box is forced, and as a result, it is bent and squished into place. It could never hold a ring of any size the way it is bent and even if it could, the ring presentation would be skewed. It is such poor quality I wouldn't embarrass myself by giving it to anyone. I can't even pass this off to a young child without he/she noticing how poorly it is made. I'll probably throw it away. <end>  Very Nice  These are very nice, durable, leather cases. I used them to present some jewelry to my fiancee, and she was very impressed with the quality of craftsmanship. <end>  HORRIBLE, CHEAP!  I purchased this about a week ago and they already broke...very cheap product. I will never purchase from this company again <end>
 B000OVPBD6  20 White Ring Gift Boxes Jewelry Showcase Displays ||	  Great Customer Servicre!!  I purchased these boxes for ring that I make and sell at art shows. The outsides were impeccable but unfortunately, the inside tops of the items were stained and dirty. The moment I contacted the seller, they immediately gave me a refund and checked their entire inventory. I would purchase from them again! <end>
 B000OVPCJO  24 Hook Necklace Pendant Jewelry Display Pads Rosewood ||	  Great display!  I have numerous pendants to display at trade shows and this little board is so handy. Very classy looking. Worth the money for the elegance of the rose wood. A quality piece! <end>
 B000OW7UT8  Genuine Red Jasper Stone Stretch Bracelet ||	  Cheap  Do not waste your money on buying these bracelets because you'll have to ship them right back. The beads were broken and beat up on a few of the bracelets. The bracelets were aso not tight meaning there was a ton of string and no beads to fill it up. I was shocked even for the price. Horrible quality and I ordered quite a few bracelets. <end>  Pretty, but Not for Me  From the picture, I thought this bracelet was going to be red. The one I received was reddish brown. It is pretty and very shiny, but didn't go with anything in my wardrobe, so I returned it. If you're into browns and fall colors, you'll like this bracelet. <end>  Red Jasper Bracelet  This bracelet is cute but it is way more brown than in the photo. It's a great pairing with the tiger's eye bracelet of the same style but if you want a true red color purchase the coral stone one. Quality if great and the style is very wearable. <end>  very nice!  If you are looking for a red jasper, this is perfect, but just for people who understand about jasper stone. If you are looking for a red bracelet  IT IS NOT RED. Jasper is named red when it turned to the red family. This jasper is brownish, like a terracotta. If you are looking for a real jasper it is perfect. I am satisfied. <end>  nice  This product arrived well packaged. I am very happy with this bracelet. This bracelet is very beautiful. I am happy with my purchase. <end>
 B000OWFGG2  Sweet Satin Music Box ||	  Fun Creation!  My 8 year old daughter created it with a little help for me. It gave us a fun thing to do together and it looked fabulous. <end>
 B000OWH0BQ  14K White Gold Sapphire & Diamond Bridal Band Ring ||	  Beautiful  I wear this with my solitair set in platinum, it looks amazing, adds some color and I get dozens of compliments on it. I love it and the seller was easy, honest and quick. <end>  Perfect! Just what I was looking for!  We purchased this ring to use as a 5 year anniversary band (one sapphire for each year of marital bliss ;o). It is much prettier than the picture, the stones are just the right shade (not too light, not too dark) and quite elegant. I simply adore it.Keep in mind that if you need to have the ring sized down, it is a bar setting so the jeweler may need to reinforce the sapphire settings. (I noticed that one of my stones came loose after having it resized, but the jeweler can easily prevent this with a simple reinforcement.)Ryan (the owner of DivaDiamonds) provided me with the best customer service! <end>  my son for his &#34;pre engagement ring&#34; Christmas present  beautiful setting, sapphires are nice dark blue colorlooks better than picturequality piece, white goldLove it thanks! Hopefully she will too. <end>  Wrong size, loose sapphire  I was so excited when I found this ring as my wedding band, although I ran into a few problems. I ordered a size 6 and recieved a size 7 1/4. After some confusion, Ryan, the owner, was very helpful and sent me the correct ring size promptly and at no extra charge. I got married yesterday (Sept. 10th, 2011) and this morning I noticed one of the sapphires is loose. The ring is gorgeous, and this is very upsetting for me. Due to the bar setting, and because I live in a small town it may take weeks for it to get fixed because most jewelers around here need to send this type of work out to bigger cities. Now I am unable to wear my wedding band the day after my wedding. I emailed Diva Diamonds and am awaiting a reply. If you order from them, be sure to VERY CAREFULLY inspect your jewelry upon reciept. As I stated before, I love the ring, although Diva Diamonds needs to pay more attention not only to the orders they are sending out (i.e. sizing) but the quality of their products. I am qute dissapointed with Diva Diamonds. <end>
 B000OWKOUK  14K White Gold Sapphire & Diamond Bridal Anniversary Band Ring ||	  Very Pleased  I just received this ring today and am so pleased with the beauty and quality. The diamonds sparkle nicely and the sapphires are a rich deep blue. It is a unique, dainty ring. It is exactly as I'd hoped. <end>
 B000OX98AG  Platinum Flat Band - 7mm ||	  Absolutely Fantastic Ring - Amazing Customer Service.  I honestly love this ring. The fit is great (true size 10 as I ordered), it looks great and I'm extremely happy with it. The weight is as advertised (I weighed it on a lab scale). I ordered a couple tungsten rings (7mm flat comfort fit, 7mm domed comfort fit) and a titanium one (7mm flat comfort fit) as back-ups when I travel for work and I'm very happy to say that I like the fit and look of this one much more than the others (regardless of the price). For my hands (no fat fingers) the non-comfort fit is much better and feels a lot nicer.The ONLY reason that I'm giving this 4 stars is because of the shifty packaging and documentation that came with the ring. The "certificate of authenticity" is just a simple card from Diva Diamonds without any specific information on it. However, after weighing the ring and doing a simple water displacement density test I'm confident that everything is legit.Only because I don't want to end on a negative, I'll repeat that I couldn't be happier with this ring and would recommend it to anyone. And you can't beat Diva Diamonds on the price.**EDIT** I've increased my rating to 5 stars after dealing with Diva Diamond's customer service. After I started wearing the ring I realized that I should have ordered a half size larger. It was more than 30 days after purchase so my Amazon return window had closed. I emailed Diva Diamond's directly to ask about my options. 4 minutes after sending my email I received a response telling me that all I had to do was send them the ring (detailed instructions included in the email) and they would either resize it or replace it free of charge, no questions asked. I saw from the tracking information that they had received my ring on a Friday afternoon and by Monday morning the replacement was on its way to me. Might be the best customer service experience I've ever had. <end>
 B000OX9O3W  14K Yellow Gold Citrine, Madeira Citrine & Smoky Quartz Ring ||	  14K Yellow Gold Citrine, Madeira Citrine & Smoky Quartz Ring  I ordered this ring 5 days before Christmas. It arrived in 3 days from Diva Diamonds. I inspected it very carefully for flaws, loose settings, etc., and all I have to say is W-O-W! This thing is absolutely beautiful!!! It is a very solidly made and high quality piece of jewelry. I highly recommend this ring for your special someone as a great dinner ring or just to tell her you love her. <end>
 B000OYITXM  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Multi-Gemstone Ring, Size 6 ||	  Love color and sparkle? This is the one.  What a lovely ring this is -- sparkly, but not garish or cheap, and definitely well made and beautifully designed. (In fact, I'm ordering a second one to wear with the first, for maximum impact.) One nice feature is the ring's low profile, so you can wear it as you go about your business without worrying about catching it on anything. Another  friends will never guess that you got this for Amazon's price. And yet another  you won't see this unique design on anybody else's hand. It's a great choice for the woman who wants to make a statement of individuality but not shout it. One is terrific -- two, I think, will be just amazing! (But still not garish or cheap....) <end>  What a beautiful ring !  I have just received my ring. I love it! It's absolutely gorgeous. The stones are bright and tiny but very delicate. If you like big stones this ring it's not for you. But if you are looking for a special one this is for you. I recommend it. <end>  Sparkly, but dull colors and awkward size  I bought this ring after seeing the stellar reviews. After receiving it, I have to say I disagree with most of them. The colors of some of the stones are washed out to the point of being almost indistinguishable from each other. In addition, the ring is an awkward size. It's not a chunky cocktail ring, but it's not delicately pretty, either. I think most people with small fingers should avoid this ring. On the plus side, it is very sparkly and shiny, and it does look solidly made. <end>  i'm sorry to be the only 4 stars here...  i almost bought this ring because of its gorgeous reviews~it is beautiful, good quality (looks comparable to my $200 ruby ring), true to the size. very solid and sparkle ring while not overly conspicuous.the reason why i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the shape is not very flattering. my finger actually looks fatter and shorter in it.also there's only one diamond instead of three (two of them are silver studs). but who cares! it's hard to tell at this size anyway plus the price is great (got it for $24). <end>  A gorgeous ring that goes with everything!  This is an absolutely beautiful high quality ring that can be worn with almost any color outfit. I can't believe that this ring only cost me $35 because it looks expensive with the high quality gemstones and little diamonds. The surprise is that it is high quality and I have worn it for over a year and it still looks like new. I am hard to fit in rings since my fingers are long and skinny, but this ring fits perfect and is not overwhelming. My best friend loved it and couldn't believe how much I paid and then proceeded to buy one of her own. If you wear this ring, I guarantee it will get noticed. <end>  Multi-Gemstone Ring  It's a beautiful ring; it matches anything I wear. I've received several compliments on it. I love it! <end>  multi-gemstone ring  i was so excited to get this ring because of all the good reviews. and true enough, it really is a nice ring! i just love the look of the different colors on my finger. my husband kept on asking me how i much i bought it for because it looks expensive. delivery was fast, by the way. this ring is a keeper. <end>  Receive Many Comments When Wearing  This ring receives a lot of notice when I wear it. The stones are lighter in color than the photos, and the sizing is true. <end>  Just got it!  I ordered my ring on the 19th and it was scheduled to come on the 25th. A little long, but I could deal with that. Instead, I got it today, on the 22nd! Anyways, the ring is exactly what I expected, and I love it. It's sturdy and doesn't feel cheap at all. The stones are absolutely beautiful. Do I love it? Yes! <end>  Weighty and nice quality.  This ring has stones that are nicely cut, has good sparkle, and a fair size each. The garnet is the one that stands out (and they are a nice red not dark brown), the rest of the stones are very pale, so some people may be diappointed in this. Other than that there was not a disappointment for me. I have worn it several times, and the gold is still intact. The stones are not loose and sloppy, they are firmly set. <end>  Not 5 Stars  I bought this ring based on all the 5-star ratings. It isn't worth 5 stars. It is okay for $24 (with 30 percent discount) but not okay for $50. Someone mentioned that it only had one diamond. It has no diamonds. It is costume jewelry with a silver band overlayed with gold. You get what you pay for. For $24 it is fine -- but not a 5-star ring that looks like it cost a bunch. <end>  Stunning for the price  I was at first skeptical about this ring as the price was very low and I don't wear a lot of gold. I purchased the ring as I have a few nice gold necklaces I wear and I wanted a ring to work with them all. The ring doesn't look like a $35 ring. <end>  18k Gold Overlay Sterling Silver Multi-Gemstone Ring  The stones really stand out and make a statement. This mult-gemstone ring is really beautiful! <end>  Very Pretty Ring  This ring is different, but very pretty. It's not too much or too big and all of the colors go well together. A great purchase! <end>  Gorgeous  I love it! I should not have bought it due to budget constraints, but have not regretted it. I wear it every day. i have been disappionted with previous jewelery purchases but not this one. <end>  Really beautiful!  This mult-gemstone ring is just beautiful. I got a size 5 and the stones really stand out and make a statement. Have gotten lots of compliments on it. <end>  Beautiful Ring  first, delivery was much quicker than I thought it would be.second, it really is a beautiful ring! I gave it as a gift and she loved it. Size was right on too! <end>  Excellent Product  The photo does not do justice to this ring. It is far more beautiful than the photo. The price was good and service excellent. Maybe Amazon can consider supply such products in a presentation box rather than the blue suede sack. <end>
 B000OYMM94  Sterling Silver Peridot 7-Stone Ring, Size 5 ||	  Great little ring!  The picture Amazon provides for this ring doesn't really do it justice. It appears more stretched out than it really is. The stones are a lot closer together than they appear. They have a great shine to them as well, not as dull as the picture may imply!I really love this ring! I wear it every day. The only thing I want to mention is because of the amount of stones (7), it definitely covers the entire top of my finger and sometimes rubs against the sides of the 2 fingers next to it. It's not often noticeable, though, and I think it's mostly because I have kind of small fingers, so I might notice it more than most people with normal sized hands! <end>  It's OK  All the stones are very loose. I'm certain one of these days I'm going to loose one. A little uncomfortable at first, if there was one lest stone, it wouldn't hit the fingers around it. <end>  Very pretty ring and well made...  ...I bought this for my daughter to stack with a citrine one, blue topaz one, and cz one. The stones are well matched, fairly clear and pretty bright. She is thrilled with it! Very good value especially on sale!!! <end>  Peridot ring  Definitevily need to buy 3 rings and wear them together, could be different stones or all 3 of the same, otherwise looks "bare". I wish the stones were a darker green. Worth it if it is on sale. <end>
 B000OYR6E0  Kodak Fashion Jewelry Neck and Wrist Strap - Digital camera accessory kit ||	  Camera neck strap  I love tikis . It is usable and looks great too. Also came with a wrist strap too. Came in very handy while I was on vacation. <end>
 B000P0LI2Y  Italian Horn Charm 14k White Gold 15mm ||	  Family tradion gifts  They are a little small but I wanted to stay with white gold since we have all changed from yellow to white. I'd rather have this better quality one that another larger one made of lower grade material. I ordered 4 in total as gifts as you aren't "allowed" to by a horn for yourself. Bummer cuz I really like the petite horn to complement my petite white gold strong chain to place it on. <end>  Pretty little charm  Purchased this item for a child. It is a very nice shape and very dainty. Perfect for a little girl. <end>  great for the price  i like my italian horn.it is not rusting my neck because of the white gold.it is nice and dainty and great for the price. <end>
 B000P0LITC  Four Leaf Clover Charm 14k Gold 9mm ||	  It's a little small  I'm sure that the product description contained the charm's size, but it arrived, it was a lot smaller than I thought it would be. Guess I should have expected that, based on the price! <end>
 B000P0NB6K  Alcoholics Anonymous 14k Gold 18mm ||	  AA symbol  Discreetly small, yet sparkling! I love this pendant. It has a nice wide bale so you have options about the chain. Great service as well. <end>
 B000P0NLHY  Edward Mirell 7mm Titanium Hammered Finish Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Great wedding band for my husband  Beautiful band, much nicer then I thought it was going to be. My husband gets compliments almost weekly, and says it is very comfortable. The only thing we do not like about it, is that it cannot be sized. Small price to pay, for such a comfortable, and beautiful, yet masculine ring. <end>  Great ring!  My husband had a wedding ring that looked a lot like this one but in silver. A week afte rour wedding while on our honeymoon, it slipped off in the ocean never to be found again. We wanted to find a less expensive ring that looked like his original ring that he could wear to work, etc. and not worry about so much. This ring arrived and was perfect! Thanks so much! <end>
 B000P0NO9E  Polishing Cloth for Jewelry ||	  It really works!  This cloth removes tarnish on silver with just a wipe. It is amazing to see the amount of tarnish that comes off onto the cloth. <end>
 B000P0QWG6  Rabbit Charm 14k Gold 12.5mm ||	  Nice  This charm is a good size and worth the price. It is slightly concave (hollow) in the back. My wife has had it on her charm bracelet for years and it has held up better than some of her other charms. What she likes best about it (besides the fact that we call each other &#34;bunny&#34;) is that it doesn't catch on her clothing. Very happy with this purchase. <end>
 B000P1D4U2  Fluffy White Cat Dangle Cell Phone Charm ||	  Charmed  I have been charmed by my lovly white cat so when I saw this, I had to have it. Just a personal trinket to love. Shows where your heart is. <end>
 B000P24FF4  MLB Chicago White Sox Classic Baseball Bracelet ||	  Great product!  I would highly recommend ordering from amazon again. My product came fast and I was pleased with the overall quality. The only thing I wish would have been in the description is the length of the bracelet. <end>
 B000P3IE2S  Necklace / Pendant - N74 - Murano Glass Style - Round Shape ~ Blk & White & Brown ||	  Good buy  Good buy. Good product for the price. I was expecting a slightly better finish but good. <end>
 B000P3JHBA  18.75 carats total weight Round Shape London Blue Topaz Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  london blue topaz necklace=nice  This necklace is nice, not bad for the price, but the color is a bit light. The carat weight is good for the price, but the quality of the stone color is not as nice as I would have expected. It's not as dark as the photo. <end>
 B000P3ZTMG  Men's 14k Two-Tone Hammered Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Great Looking Ring  I looked at all the local big name jewelery stores to price check this ring. This is the same ring that the stores are carrying and who wouldn't want to save $200. The ring is beautiful, I look forward to wearing it for many years. It was my first experience with purchasing jewelery on Amazon and it was a great experience. <end>
 B000P3ZTNA  Men's 14k Two-Tone Hammered Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Great Looking Ring  I looked at all the local big name jewelery stores to price check this ring. This is the same ring that the stores are carrying and who wouldn't want to save $200. The ring is beautiful, I look forward to wearing it for many years. It was my first experience with purchasing jewelery on Amazon and it was a great experience. <end>
 B000P42O1Y  Dancing Feet Penquin ||	  Marie  This made a delightful present for my friend's 15 yr old daughter. The case has detail and by itself is very nice. When she discovered it opened and contained the necklace she was squealing with delight. The tiny penguin pendant is so detailed and pretty. She has received many many compliments when she wears it. <end>  gift  the dancing feet penguin is a gift for my niecebut i am sure she will love it <end>
 B000P44RTG  Mother Necklace - Three Rings of Love ||	  looked great on amazon but...  Ok, I bought this as a gift for sister who became a first time mother after a long battle with infertility. It looked great here but once I received it not so much. First I will say that the seller has no tracking, so you have no idea when you will get your package. When I received it finally, I was disappointed because it came to me all DIRTY. I had to go to a local jeweler the day before Christmas to get it cleaned, while the pendant is nice the chain could have been a little bit better. Also the card they show in the picture with the nice poem was NOT the card that I received with it, the one I received had nothing to do with it. I would NEVER order from this seller ever again. <end>
 B000P497MS  A Daughter Like You Necklace ||	  VERY SMALL  This necklace says that it is 16 inches but has no dimensions for the actual pendant. It is extremely small and was not at all what I had expected or hoped for. It is very pretty but needs to have the actual size of the pendant posted for a more accurate description. <end>  Wonderful gift!  I bought these necklaces as gifts for my daughter and step daughters. They loved them and we loved giving them! <end>  Best gift for mom or daughter ever!  I bought this necklace for my oldest daughters 21st birthday! My mom loved it so much that I got one for her for Christmas this year. I plan on buying one for my youngest daughters next birthday. It is really beautiful! <end>
 B000P4DEWC  Charm Bracelet ||	  Charm Bracelets  The charm bracelets are nicer than in the photo. I was very happy with mine except they came without being personalized! I asked for them to be inscribed and they came without the inscription! <end>
 B000P4DEYU  Expressively Yours Bracelet Granddaughter ||	  Granddaughter Bracelet  These bracelets are precious. They aren't high quality, but I didn't pay for high dollar for high quality. Purchased these for my younger grand daughters and they are perfect. They will love and cherish them. <end>  granddaughter loved it  the braclet does not look cheap at all. it was a great deal for the price. my granddaughter loved it. <end>  Granddaughter bracelet  It is very beautiful and I love it.....by Dayna....8 years old. I got it on Christmas Eve from by Grandparents. <end>  My 10-year old granddaughter loved it!  It was part of her Christmas present, and she was very pleased. I was impressed with the quality, and the packaging was especially pretty. Made a good presentation. <end>
 B000P4U3TO  14k White Gold Created Pink Sapphire "Mom" Diamond Pendant ||	  the pendents clump up when worn  This is a necklace with 3 very tiny pendants, that is not connected to each other. They sort of just clump up and usually you just see the middle in front, blocking the rest.. The pink is not has red as in the pictures, it is more of a very light pink. Only reason I gave it an extra star is because the chain is fairly sturdy. <end>  One big knot  I had purchase this as a gift for my wife on Mother's day. I recieved it in a timely manner. It came in a little bag and when I pulled it out it was in one big knot. I am still trying to this day to get the knot out, which means my wife still has not be able to wear it. I would not recommend this product from this vender until they can ensure it gets to you undamaged. <end>
 B000P4YHMS  18k Yellow Gold Overlay Sterling Silver Sapphire and Diamond Accent Floral Earrings ||	  nice  These are nice earrings, my wife loved them. they are a little bigger and heavier than I thought they would be, so she doesn't wear them too often. but she def. loves them and I'd buy them for her again. <end>  Very nice, but a little bigger than I thought  I loved these earings, but they turned to be a little bigger than I thought. Had to give them to my niece as a birthday present. <end>  Thank You  I bought this earings for my daughters and they like it very much. Thank You. <end>
 B000P4ZKRE  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl Dangle Earrings and Necklace Set ||	  Great purchase  I had saved this 130$ item in my cart for later, up until the price dropped to 90$. I found that it was a great deal, both with looks and quality! The construction is, however, somewhat fragile. I would not recommend wearing this necklace every day, but I love it! The only thing is that the price on this item keeps changing; you should consider waiting for "real" savings. <end>  Tangled  Could not untangle the chain. Everthing was stuck together had to return. Do not order this looked cheap and nasty <end>  Beautiful, but thin chain.  It's a really great design, simple enough for casual use and in the same time little unusual. However, the chain is really thin. I would rather prefer something more expensive, and less likely to break and get lost. <end>  Excellent Purchase  I bought this for about $125.00 about 2 months ago and I was very pleased with it. The quality is good, the pearls round and white and I got many compliments. At the price of $100.00- you can't go wrong! <end>
 B000P51NZQ  14k Yellow Gold Marquise Cut Amethyst Dangle Lever Back Earrings ||	  14k yellow gold Amethyst dangle earings  I am disappointed with these earings. They looked more solid on the photo, but they are flimsy. Also the amethyst stones look very pale and also not like the photo. They look much cheaper than they were (in cost), so that is the main reason for my disappointment.I bought them as a gift for my daughter and thought I would be pleased to give them, but I am not! <end>  Sparkly! Unique and Pretty. Good Value.  I purchased these as a daily deal for around $80 a few months ago - I saved them to give to a friend for Christmas. When she opened them, she was thrilled. They are so very pretty. Just big enough to be noticed but not too big. Stones are are a lovely purple. Sturdy leverback will keep them securely on the ear lobe. If you can get them for a daily deal price they are a great deal. Otherwise, at $120, they are a pretty good deal. <end>
 B000P51O00  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Moldavite Stud Earrings ||	  Very pretty but going back  Very pretty, but I do think they are a little bit small and thus don't show very well. <end>  Perfect!  These earrings are not "too tiny." (The description says quite clearly, "5mm." Hello? Not familiar with the metric system are we?) The setting is very nice, the clarity of the stones is excellent. Moldavite is not a sparkly gem. If someone wants lots of refraction in a green gem, try chrome diopside (also sold by Amazon).14k Choice of White or Yellow Gold 5mm Chrome Diopside Round Stud EarringsI am extremely happy with these, as I have been looking for reasonably priced moldavite earrings for years. Anyone not familiar with the origins of moldavite should look it up - moldavite was created when a meteor crashed to earth millions of years ago. Little green stones from little green men? Well, not really, but very cool anyway. <end>  These are large for stud earrings  It is difficult to find simple jewelry made of moldavite. I almost didn't order these earrings because the only review at the time called them "tiny." I wear stud earrings. These are actually large for stud earrings; small would be when you purchase .10 ctw of diamonds. These are big, and the color is nice  it is not too dark and not too washed out. I am keeping these. <end>  Just right in size..  I thought the sizing on these earrings were just right. Knowing what moldivite is...made me want them. Very special jem!!!! Worth the price!! <end>  Gorgeous  So glad I read the, "just the right size" review. I agree completely. The earrings are perfect! I went online immediately after wearing them to find more moldavite. <end>  very nice for the money  These stud earings are very pretty and unusual. I bought these for my mother and she liked them. <end>  Great Earrings  These are lovely earrings that I ordered on a Wednesday and they appeared in my mail box (used free shipping) two working days later.The shade of green is charming, the stones sparkle and the backs fit securely. <end>  Beautiful--they look like they're expensive  I bought these for my mother-in-law ---she loves them and I wanted to keep them for myself since they looked so pretty. They look really nice and appear to be good quality considering the price isn't high at all. The color is so unique---not emerald, but not peridot. Also, they are a nice size---not tiny, but not so big as to look fake or cheap. <end>  Amazing Deal!  These moldavite earings are top quality. The gemstones are a pleasing size and cannot in any way be considered tiny. I was so impressed I ordered another pair as a gift! <end>  Perfect gift  These earrings were a Christmas gift for my Mom. She has a lot of jewelry, all of the traditional gemstones. I was looking for something different and these were beautiful. They are a larger stud and really show up. The color is a beautiful olive green, not easily mistaken for emerald or peridot. Very nice for the jewelry collector! <end>  Beautiful  I bought these earrings as a graduation gift for my daughter from college. They are beautiful. The size is perfect and the color is wonderful. She was thrilled with them. Both of us would highly recommend these earrings to anyone. <end>
 B000P53PKW  14k White Gold Apatite Floral Earrings ||	  Pretty, but watch the color  Apatite is supposed to be a pretty blue/green color as in this picture. When I received the earrings, I was disappointed with the color. The color is actually a pale blue. They could be mistaken for aquamarines or blue topaz. I like the design of the earrings enough that I'm keeping them even though the color is not what it should be. <end>
 B000P57PR6  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Rectangular Dangle Earrings ||	  Pretty silver earrings.  Ok, when I saw the term dangle - I thought that they dangled - but they are really stationary. That kind of disappointed me, but they are still very pretty and look quite nice when they are on. They are not too heavy - but they have a weight to them, enought to know they are there. I'm glad I purchased them and will look to see what the company offers in the future. <end>  Inexpensive but beautiful  Bought these earrings on sale right before Christmas as an additional gift for my wife. She LOVES them... These $15 earrings are more favorite than some of her $100 earrings. Clean design, perfect size. Great <end>  Love these earrings!  I wear these alot. Sometimes have trouble with wire earring coming out of the ear lobe, have never had that happen with these. Wires are sturdy, Good weight, but not heavy. Very pretty. <end>  Celtic Jewelry  Love these earrings! This is the second item that I have purchased from the Celtic Design series.The product arrived in a timely manner and was very happy with the way it was packaged.I will be purchasing more in the near future!Great product..... <end>  My girlfriend loves them  These are wonderful earrings, and my girlfriend is very happy with them. No funny discolorations as I think a couple of other reviews mentioned, and they're light without feeling too flimsy. These were a great little purchase! <end>  Black residue  I got my earrings today, and wow, what a disappointment! There is a lot of black residue in every low point of the design as well as on the ear wire back and parts of the higher elevations on the design. I understand that the "antiquing" process will darker certain areas in the lower parts of the design for a more shadowy effect, but its all over these. I even cleaned them in silver cleaner and with a polishing cloth, nothing is taking it off.I am returning and looking elsewhere for some earring like there. Its too bad because other than that one issue I like the style a lot. Maybe it is just my bad luck with amazon in general but I don't think I will be buying jewelry again from amazon. I'll go to a local shop here and probably get a better deal than 30 bucks for not much silver. <end>
 B000P5BVFI  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Oval Pendant, 18" ||	  Wife loved it!!  This was a great bargin. My wife like it much more than other, more expensive items I bought this holiday season. <end>  WONDERFUL pendant  I got this for my mother for M-day and she called and gushed at how much she loved it. It is really lovely in person with a nice polish and heft. She has not had any problems with the chain.This is a universally good gift idea for jewelry lovers since the design can fit into any style of jewelry; if they like traditional, modern or romantic -- I think it could please many different tastes.Highly recommend  great quality and beauty for the price! <end>  Over priced, but other wise I like it  This is over priced, just a simple silver pendant. I should have shopped better, the stores sell things like this for half as much. <end>  bait and switch  this item was shown 12/11 at 12 00 est as a lightening deal for 19.99.purchased in one minute of listing and got charged 29.00.sent email and called asking why. told there were only a limited # being sold at the price. yet not until 12 20pm did this item show as being 100% claimed. told that there were lots left just not at 19.99. that amazon would "gladly cancel the order, have a nice day and were sorry you couldnt enjoy the price!" what the heck! if thats not bait and switch i must be santa clauss. by the way this item is still available for 29.00. <end>  Beautiful pendant but,  This is a beautiful pendant and have received several acknowledgements to its beauty. A word of caution for those who will be buying it. The clasp on the necklace is simple and not as sturdy. I have forgotten to doublecheck the clasp on several occasions where upon sitting down for dinner the pendant fell into my lap and just recently at a movie theater. I found the pendant on the floor and lost the chain this time. I have several other chains to use in its place. Just be a careful with the chain otherwise, a beautiful pendant. <end>  Beautiful Pendant!!  Highly Recommend this Pendant, it comes with a chain that feels of less quality than the Pendant so It was tossed aside and I purchased a smaller/thinner one that fits the Pendant better.It comes inside a small Velvet(feeling) bag that closes with a pull string.A Simply Beautiful Pendant!! <end>  As pretty as the picture  I bought this pendant for my daughter's birthday - I liked is so much I purchased one for myself. I have gotten lots of compliments. <end>  beautiful but very small  This is a beautiful piece of jewelry but when it arrived, it was much smaller than I had imagined (and given its original price). Particularly, the silver chain was too delicate so I got a sturdier chain (a black string) to go with it instead. <end>  Won't buy jewelry on line again  The pendant was smaller than I expected and the chain was cheesy and not even ten inches long. Luckily I was able to buy a nicer looking chain in time to give the gift but I wouldn't buy jewelry on line again. If I go to the trouble of giving it then I want it to look as good as possibe. <end>  Very nice!  I was pleasantly surprised by this pendant. It is very smooth and shiny, and has a really nice weight to it. I only give 4 stars because the chain is very thin; I think a slightly heavier chain would help balance the weight of the pendant better, and help keep the clasp from sliding around to the front all the time. Overall, I love this necklace, though, and I haven't taken it off since I received it! I always get complements when I am wearing this =] <end>  sterling silver celtic design oval pendant 18"  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Oval Pendant, 18"simple design, but the chain too short, still acceptable. <end>  lovely  Was very pleased with the necklace and earrings and so was my sister-in-law. Everything I was hoping for as a gift. Arrived promptly. <end>  Nice pendant!  It comes with a small bag in a paper box, which can be helpful when you buy this as a gift for someone. The bag is made out of a black velvety fabric. The pendant itself is heavier than expected, so it does not look so inexpensive. Considering the price and the quality, I'm happy with my choice. <end>  Sterling silver Celtic pendant and ear rings  Both the Celtic ear rings and pendant were just as I expected them to be. My daughter has worn them several times and received compliments. The jewelry is beautifuly made. The chain for the pendant was not quite as long as needed for an adult, but easily replaced. <end>  Necklace  The product was of decent quality. Good value for the price and a perfect match for the ear rings purchased earlier. <end>  Wife loves it.  I bought this last year and my wife loves it. The only reason I give it 4 stars is the chain is not the greatest quality and broke as it got caught on the corner of the box while it was shipped. <end>  clean simple design  the pendant was very simple, it looks good in silver. The chain was too small, but can easily be removed and a more substantial one can be used, a black cord would also be very nice subsitution. <end>  Simple yet...  Very simple, very elegant. Should match just about anything your wife/girlfriend is wearing. Solid buy! <end>  A nice gift  It was a gift for my girlfriend. He liked it allot and uses it almost everyday. Very good looking pendant for that price. <end>  Nice Piece  This is a decent piece of Jewelery. I gave it as a gift to my girlfriend and she appreciated it. I wouldn't try to pass it off as anything extraordinary. <end>  nice pendant  If you like celtic designs, this is really nice. I love the pendant but didn't like the chain it came on... <end>  silver pendant  I am very pleased with this pendant; the price was reasonable; it is very pretty and I've received many compliments! <end>  Beautiful Piece  I love this piece, but don't buy expecting a good quality chain with it. I paid $20.00 and am very pleased with the charm...I will be buying a nicer chain to put it on. <end>  Wonderful  Got this necklace as a gift for my sister. She loves it and wears it all the time. Shipping was fast and the transaction was enjoyable over all. Thank you. <end>  Celtic Pendant  Much thiner and lighter in weight that it appears in the picture. Ok, but not outstanding. <end>  Pretty  This is a very nice pendant that both my wife and I love and enjoy. <end>  Nice and Simple!  Bought this for my wife and she really liked it. Solid construction for a simple look to accent her clothes. She also liked the chain that allows her to wear it at two different lengths. While I haven't shopped the economy for a lot of necklaces...believe this is a good buy at the $25 purchase price. <end>  A gift for my son's girl friend  I gave this to my son's girl friend, she wears it all the time. She says she likes it because she can wear it with anything. <end>  My Favorite  I bought this necklace years ago (at least two, maybe even three) and I wear it everyday.I love Celtic Knots and this is just perfect. It's a little thin but it has been around my neck nearly every day since I've purchased it and it's held up nicely.There are no scratches, no chips, no bending, no discoloration.It's seen rain, snow, sweat, sunshine, and pool water over the years and I've even forgotten to take it off before bed a time or two.I still have the original chain; it has not knotted or broken.I will be very sad if I ever lose my everyday necklace and hope I'll be able to get another just like it. <end>  Great necklace  Got this for my wife for Christmas. She loved it. It's a really nice piece, well constructed, and very reasonably priced. <end>  Beautiful design  I got this as a gift for my mother. I bought this necklace for her, because it was a simple elegant design at a reasonable price. <end>  beautiful  My husband got this for me for Christmas and it is exactly what I wanted! I wanted something chill that I could where at any time with anything and this was it! Its not to big, smaller than what I thought witch is great...and you can add it to any length change. <end>  So beautiful  I bought this necklace for a graduation gift for a friend. She started to tear up when she opened the package. This necklace was so beautiful that I nearly kept it for myself. If you order this, there will be no buyers remorse. <end>  Lit'l bit of sparkle  Got this pendant with the matching earrings. Great alone or together. Little bit of sparkle adds just the right touch for casual or even dress up. Great deal. <end>  Pretty Necklace  Pretty necklace and love the look of it. It's a little thin & light weight, but shows well around my neck. <end>  Very thin and cheap  The picture looks ALOT better than the real thing. Extremely thin and light, while the chain looks almost worthless. <end>  Love this pendent!  I get so many compliments with this pendant- I have had it about 5 months also and its still shiny and pretty- Love the design! <end>  pretty at first but "silver" finish has major issues  My husband bought this for me for my Birthday just this last November(my birthday was thanksgiving), but I didnt even receive it for almost a whole two weeks after my birthday. I wear it everyday but just today, I noticed that it has a very worn appearance. There are little black specks and blackish wear marks (like it's a cheap electroplate, not solid silver)and the finish is actually pitted. I can actually feel the marks, thats how I ended noticing it's appearance. I've only had it 3 1/2 months. I just wear it around my neck. I am a full time student and stay at home mom so my environment isn't a harsh one. I am very sad and disappointed because initially, it was very pretty. Now, it looks like something he just picked up at the dollar store.  ~( <end>  Beautiful  I gave this to my one of my daughters for Christmas and she loved it. It's a great size for someone who doesn't want a large pendant. It can be worn dressy or casual. Nice price too. <end>  Made in Thailand. Seems way over priced.  The picture looks much better than real life. It is very thin, and very light. The chain is even thinner. Although the design is Celtic, it is made in Thailand. <end>  Lovely Pendant, Worthless Chain  This pendant is a lovely design, seems well made, and was a great value when purchased as as Gold Box special on Amazon. As others have said, the chain is pretty much a throw away item. <end>  Not worth the money  Nice looking but definitely not worth the price. Not even sure if its real sterling silver looks more like stainless steel. Very cheap chain and not 18" long as stated. <end>  Beautifully made pendant!  I was so pleasantly pleased with this necklace. It was even more beautiful in person. Very well made, not cheaply done. Just gorgeous. My friend loves it and wears it all the time. Looks like I spent a fortune on it (but didn't)! <end>  Celtic necklace  This is a delicate, but sturdy necklace, that wears well and I never take it off. I love it. I am metal sensitive, and it is pure sterling, so no problems wearing it. It is a beautiful piece of jewelry for a reasonable price, and I couldn't be happier with my purchase. <end>
 B000P60RTI  Men's 14k Yellow Gold 6mm Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Wonderful fit.. very comfortable  I needed to replace my band. Much to my dismay, it really wasn't worth resizing. Let me fill you in a little. My wife and I decided to get married and decided to avoid the stress. Along with other quickie steps, we got our bands at the local Wal-Mart. Now, my band no longer fits we decided to get the band I should have. My first stop was Amazon and I found this one. This is a nice solid ring, soft edges and fits comfortable. My orignial band dug into my finger and felt thin and cheap (because it was). This ring was worth every dollar. Knowing now, I would have spent the original retail price. as far as looks, the pic does no justice. It's a rich buttery gold look and the etching gives the look of a gold dust finish. And most importiently, it does not look like the mass produced rings at the mall jewelers. <end>
 B000P66LES  Sterling Silver Amethyst Three-Stone Ring, Size 6 ||	  Good for the price  I can't argue with the quality of this ring for the price. I feel like it is worth exactly what I paid for it. The stones seemed a lot smaller than in the picture, but that may be because I ordered the size 11, so compared to the width of the ring, the stones seemed kind of small. The stones are not as deep purple as in the picture, the ones I got are more lavender. Also, the stones are mounted a lot flatter than they look in the picture. It is still a pretty ring for the price, but it is definitely a cheaper ring. <end>  A beautiful ring for everyday wear!  I received this ring today and I was very pleased with the look, quality and price. The coloring is very close to the picture on Amazon, which is not always the case. It is currently only available in a size 10, so I do have to wear it on either my thumb or middle finger and even then it's a bit loose. I couldn't pass up the deal when it was offered and I'm not disappointed at all. Yet another good buy from the Amazon.com collection!If you want some other pieces to wear with it I would suggest these Sterling Silver Amethyst Hoop EarringsSterling Silver Amethyst Pendant, 18" <end>  Gorgeous ring  I loved my 3 stone blue topaz so much I had to have this one as well. It is gorgeous and the workmanship is unsurpassed! <end>  good ... classy  This is a pretty ring with accurate sizing. However, the part that faces the palm ie the underside of hte ring has scratches after 1 week (though that part doesnt show too much). Also while the pciture shows thw stones to be darker coloured than they are. Amethysts are lighter purple and thats what the ring has. <end>  Awesome ring to give or buy for yourself.  Gemstones are a great shade (just a tad lighter than the photo), but not by much. Ring and setting are simple, but nice. <end>  Beautiful ring/unbelievable price  The ring is very sparkly and beautiful. The band is sturdy and the stones are securely fastened. I couldn't believe the price of $20 for a sterling and gemstone ring. I would have been happy with my purchase if I had paid double. The ring looks much more expensive than it is. It looks better in person then it does in the picture. A wonderful thoughtful gift for any women on your list who loves jewels, and purple. <end>  So pretty!  I bought two of these as gifts for my mom and mother-in-law and they both loved them. They are very pretty while being quite sturdy and well-made. The only disappointment was that it is only available in a size 5 so we had to have them both sized. <end>  Couldn't be happier!  The ring is beautiful and I couldn't be happier! I will definately look on Amazon for my next ring because I can order in my size (9) and wear it from the day I get it instead of paying someone to resize it. <end>
 B000P758EQ  Enchantmints Rings On Her Fingers ||	  A perfect little treasure chest  I bought this for my granddaughter and also one for a neighbor girl. I filled the box with small trinkets, hair ties, string bracelets, lip gloss, a few dollars and candy gold coins and treated it as a treasure chest. I saw my granddaughter's interest and excitement while going through the tiny compartments and she's only 3. Since she has shown an interest recently in treasure chests, I thought she would like this and she definitely did! <end>  Pretty For A Horse Lover  I bought this as a Christmas present for my niece, who loves horses. She really loved this music box. It arrived in great condition, the artwork is lovely, and the music sounded nice. <end>  Such a beautiful Music Box  I received this Music Box today and I checked it since the reviews said it may come broken. Well it didn't and its BEAUTIFUL!!! It came in one wonderful piece with NOTHING broken.I wish the horse didn't spin so fast and the music was a bit slower, other then that, its great. Its a nice size box, big enough for a child.This is definitely a gift for an older child since its somewhat delicate. <end>  Much smaller than expected  It's smaller than expected but adorable. Mine also had a piece of wood broken off but all it means is that the large drawer comes all the way out instead of stopping (it doesn't look broken at all). The piece of wood had been glued on the inside (as a drawer stopper). The smaller side drawers have a metal piece that keeps it from coming all the way out, much smarter! If you buy this as a gift, I suggest you open it and remove all the little packaging pieces inside the drawers, the plastic around the horse and wind the back, (so that when the person receives it and opens it, it'll start playing and spinning without them having to wind it).All & all, glad I only paid $13., and not the full price. Check the dimensions and make sure it's what you're expecting. <end>  So pretty!  I had seen this company's music boxes before but didn't want to pay full price, especially for something I hadn't seen first-hand. I found an amazing price here on this box and bought one as a keepsake for my baby girl. The music is clear and a good volume, the pictures on it are bright and beautiful just like what I saw online, the mirror is clear and not distorted, and the horse inside is plastic and is on a spring - and that's a good thing for little ones! You can't see it, but there is another drawer on the back and the little drawers on the sides are deep so, even though the box is not very big, there is more storage than there appears to be. My two 3-year olds love this box and couldn't stop opening and closing the lid and all of the drawers. They weren't especially gentle but it didn't seem fragile. I am very pleased with the quality of this box and I would have felt that I had gotten my money's worth even if I had paid a higher price. <end>  Very cute  It is very cute box, but it came broken, one of the little drawers didn,t come out, so I had to replace it. It was for a gift, good thing I check before give... <end>  Granddaughter loved it!  This held together quite well and my granddaughter loved it (even when she played a little rough, it held together!) <end>  My daughter loves this  It is surprisingly durable. My daughter has had it for over a year and it is still in the exact same shape. It is bigger than what I thought and the music is very sweet. A very special gift, for a special little girl. I'd buy it again good product. <end>  Really Nice Box  We got this item as a present for our daughter's 7th birthday. She really loved it. She loves the music box function and the horse as well. Really cute present! <end>  My five year old loves it!  It plays the classic "greensleaves" and has four hidden drawers - perfect for a little girl to put her treasures in. She wants to fall asleep to the music, and I know she's going to take care of it for years to come. Great, great present. <end>  Gift for Niece  This was a gift for my niece. She is 9 years old and has a ton of jewlery. She is blind so it was important that it had sound and easy to find knobs for the drawers. I showed her how to wind up the music and it moves very easily, she was able to turn it. One of the knobs was missing from one of the drawers when we got the package. It hurt her fingers trying to open that drawer, so we didnt use it. She like the song it played and the fact that it had "hidden" drawers on each side. She liked the feel of the fabric in the main compartment where the horse is. Overall she is happy with it...but I wish that it would have came with extra knobs or something since now she cannot use all the drawers. <end>  Enchantments jewelry box  I bought this to put up for my gran-daughter - I liked it and will be ordering more of these in the future. <end>  Enchanting.  I bought this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas. It plays Greensleeves and the horse inside spins around. She is completely enchanted by it and will turn it on just to listen to it as she plays. She will also stare at it for long periods of time and I often wonder what is going on in her imagination as she hums along to it. It is very well made. Honestly, I was expecting something very low quality for this price, but was VERY surprised by how lovely it is. I would absolutely buy it again. I would recommend this item to any little girl with an active and lovely imagination. <end>
 B000P7ME7A  CZ Engagement Rings - Round Center Baguette Sides CZ Engagement Ring ||	  CZ Baguette  nice ring, well made, yet nothing in band, I thought it was silver, could I have been wrong, also for future reference, buy a smaller stone in CZ <end>
 B000P8L7T0  Full metal Alchemist Alphones' W/ Blood Mark Necklace ||	  Very good delivery product in good shape  Great delivery, and the item came in perfect condition <end>
 B000P8L80S  Amazon.com  Inuyasha  Kirara Anime Cosplay Necklace  Clothing ||	  cute  My 13yo loves to wear this necklace--it's so cute. She has had it for about a year now--the medal that it's made of still looks fresh. <end>
 B000P8NVY4  Trigun Nicholas Wolfwood Cosplay Pendant Necklace ||	  The coolest bling around  The Wolfwood Cross Punisher necklace is amazing. Once I got past the initial awe of having it right in my hands, I was dazzled by how well detailed it was. The designer kept everything, including the skull-shaped handle in the center of the cross, and little dots along the cross where the nails were. There were only two problems I had. 1  I'm not a Christian. Ever where I go people were asking me if I'd become a Christian, so I had to stop and explain the whole story behind me getting the necklace. My grandparents are Catholic, so they were thriled when they saw me wear it. (I didn't have the heart to tell them it was from an anime show) Problem 2  It snapped in half. I have to go and buy a new one because after almost a year of the cross going from neck to pocket and back, it broke one day. So be gentle, because even though it's a high powered machine gun with the weight of God's mercy, it's not the sturdiest thing around. <end>  Trigun Cross  I bought this having a much different image in mind. It's made with durable, heavy metal. The detail is beautiful, but the back side is dissapointing. There is no detail whatsoever on the backside, just a flat surface. It doesnt look anywhere near as cool when the cross flips over and all you see is the flat side.The chain it was on was very nice, and it looks very durable. If both sides had been detailed so beautiful, I would have given it a 5. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase, but it could of been better. <end>  Not bad  I bought this just because I wanted something to remind me of the Trigun series besides the series themselves. I like the detail and the chain but I was expecting it to have the same amount of detail on the back of the cross. It's nothing more then a flat smooth piece on the back. <end>  Amazing  Amazing looking necklace, the chain is more on the cheap side mine broke after getting caught a handle for a window, however the cross itself is amazing over time the coating will come off however so take care of it and clean it. Overall astethically pleasing piece would definitly recommend for someone thats a fan of the anime or manga, or just someone that is into more industrial, dark, or kind of brooding style but is a christian that would like the symbolizim of the cross. <end>  Cheap metal, but cheap cost.  This is made out of pretty cheap pot metal and mine just snapped in half recently. Ordering a new one. Being $12 I can't really complain. <end>  Great Item  I bought this necklace at an anime convention. Beautiful necklace. My only problem is when I let my brother wear it, it looked like he was wearing a chocker. The chain is too short! <end>
 B000P8XM5C  Bright Pink Crystal Large Floating Heart Silver-Tone Pendant Necklace 16" to 19" ||	  Cheap Clasp  I bought this necklace to replace my sister's old one that I broke; and she was disappointed when she found out that the clasp did not work. It didn't snap back like it should, and she was surprised because this necklace was a $7.99 one, not a 1 dollar one. The silver tone looks a little too fake, but the heart is very pretty, she says. <end>
 B000P9EZGG  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Opal Fashion Ring ||	  very good, it did the trick  my girlfriend fell in love with it as soon as she seen it. she went away to goto college and was very sad. as soon as i gave her the ring, she loved it and has been happy since <end>
 B000P9G15O  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Pink Cubic Zirconia Cradle Oval Shaped 18mm x 5mm Dangle Pendant ||	  gorgeous  I really loved this product is of very good quality.I really loved this product is of very good quality. <end>
 B000P9GZ7I  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Pendant with 18 inch Cable Chain ||	  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross  I purchased this cross for my daughter. She has skin allergies & gets hives sometimes from different metals. She is able to wear this cross without any reactions and she loves the intricate design and the small link chain. I am planning on purchasing one for my other daughter as a way to celebrate their Celtic heritage. <end>
 B000P9IM06  Pack Of 2 Vatican Rosary Book And Illuminated Rosary Beads 2-Piece Sets ||	  Prayers and Meditations  I've been looking for various ways to enrich my prayers and meditations. I've been interested in learning about the Rosary and this Rosary Book and Illuminated Rosary has helped me to understand these prayers better. I was pleasantly surprised to receive a set of two so that I have one for myself and one to share. <end>
 B000P9IQW0  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Infiinity Pendant with 18 inch Cable Chain ||	  Very original design  This necklace is intricate in design. I receive many compliments on it every time I wear it. Works casually or for dress. <end>
 B000P9RBUI  14KYG Diamond & Pearl Necklace ||	  way to small  although great for its price, this necklace is meant for a child, not an adult. Go with something else. <end>
 B000PA7ELI  Sterling Silver Half Moon Shaped Clear AB Crystal 32mm x 12mm Sparkling Dangle Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Absolutely breath taking.  It is the most interesting piece of jewelry that I have bought so far. It is absolutely breath taking. <end>  A Slight Difference  What this listing does not tell you is that the crystal has an aurora borealis finish. This finish is painted on one side of the crystal, so that side does not look quite as nice. <end>  I like it, but....  Looks great in the picture, does it not? Captures a lot of sparkle, looks like it shines from every angle...this is not the case. It's still pretty, but they paint the back with that gold and it doesn't look all too great on the other side. I'm a guy; I never knew gold could make an object look worse. And the main, non-gold ruined side doesn't look BAD, it just looks...average. If you're looking for something that looks okay, then this is the thing for you. If you want something that looks amazing, please keep looking. <end>  Pretty  This was much bigger than I thought it would be. I really like the AB, too. I bought this for one of my girlfriends because she always admired mine, even though mine is just clear crystal with no AB <end>  Beautiful  Like the other lower star reviews, this product does have a gold/orange sort of finish on one side. I have posted pictures. It is still a beautiful pendant. Arrived early and is a good quality. But picture doesn't adequately display what you get as far as color. <end>  Beautiful  This is a very beautiful pendant! It has an amazing sparkle because it has an aurora borealis treatment on the back which allows it to refract light. So much has been said about this treatment in the reviews, and having received this item, I do not see the cause of the issues with it--it is not garish at all. I recommend it highly, it is mesmerizing! I am completely satisfied with this purchase! Perfect, whether you're dressing up or down, this pendant is a very unusual and versatile piece. <end>  Beautifully cut  Not sure if crystals are "cut" like diamonds, but this pendant is really beautiful. You can't really see it in the pics, but it has a really pretty kind of star cut to it, that makes it a little unusual. It's a bit bigger than I expected and looks very nice on the same chain as my daughter's little star crystal. <end>  Great piece  The half moon pendant is great to wear with everything from jeans to your little black dress. I bought the silver chain to wear it on and it looks GOOD!!!! I also bought the star pendant, and it looks just as good. These are beautiful pieces. <end>  Stunning Pendant  This pendant exceeded all my expectations. The picture does not do this piece justice. It is so beautiful! It is beautifully faceted so it reflects a lot of light, silver, orange, yellow, blue, gold. I didn't have a problem with the back of the piece being treated, as some others mentioned. The piece is nicely weighted and centered and the pendant hangs from a single centered ring, so it does not tend to turn over when you move around. I think any woman who likes crystal would love this pendant. This would make a great Mother's Day gift or any occasion gift. Also, Gem Ave shipped my order promptly and I received it within a few days. I was very happy with the transaction and this exquisite piece of crystal. <end>
 B000PACKQM  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Marcasite Open Heart Post back Dangle Earrings ||	  Very Pretty!  These are Christmas gift for my wife, so she hasn't worn them yet. They are very pretty however! I think she'll love them. <end>  Marcasite open Heart earrings  I love these earrings. They perfectly match a pendant I was given 8 years ago - now I have a matched set. <end>  Loved 'em  I really like these earrings. They are pretty much as pictured- if you like marcasite, you'll dig 'em. <end>
 B000PAE3NA  Sterling Silver Half Moon Shaped Lavender AB Crystal 32mm x 12mm Sparkling Dangle Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  This is wonderful!!  I love the half moon pendant that I purchased from Gem Avenue!! The quality is exceptional and the price is always right!! <end>  a nice one  Got it as a gift. It is very nice look, and size is right. I like it.Color is a bit lighter, which is also good - imho too vivid color makes it a bit plastic-like on the picture.There is only one "but" - a seller should also suggest a combo deal with a silver necklace for buyer's convenience. <end>
 B000PAGNYW  Sterling Silver Crystal and 10mm Blue Imitation Pearl Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very Pretty Blue Pearls  This is another great pair of Swarovski earings. I love the color of the blue pearls. The size is just big enough to dangle a little and not too much. The lever clasp ensures the earings stay on. The pretty crystals add a little sparkle too. <end>  Love Swarovsky!  This is a pair of very pretty and well-made earrings that match a ring I already have. I love the leverback clasps--no worry of losing an earring. <end>
 B000PAM34Q  Sterling Silver "#1 Grandma" Heart Locket, 18" ||	  AWSOME GRANDMA GIFT  I bought this locket last year for my mom omn xmas. She loved it the only con is that her six garndchildren pix did not fit. Maybe I can buy another one. It is a beautiful and my mom wears it everyday. <end>  Grandma necklace  Beautiful piece, had to search for it in the box, it did not appear to even be there. Wife wore it all of 12 days before the ring that attaches the pendant to the chain opened up and pendant fell off. If all you are going to do is look at it then it is worth the price, if the intention was to actually wear it, then put a safety chain around it too. <end>
 B000PAM36Y  14k White Gold Heart Locket, 18" ||	  VERY ATTRACTIVE  It is a very nice piece of jewlery. Gets many compliments. However it is much smaller in person then the picture would lead you to believe. The chain is very thin and the clasp is cheap. I can't imagine anyone would have a photo small enough to fit in this locket. It was a gift for my wife and she is planning to purchase a thicker chain with a better clasp. <end>
 B000PAM382  Sterling Silver Marcasite Cross Pendant, 20" ||	  superb  Sterling Silver Marcasite Cross Pendant, 20"I Love it! I have been looking for a long time for this exact one and found it. I had been given one just like it on my 16th birthday by my first love and lost it. This is exactly like the one I lost. I am so happy. <end>  Much prettier than picture  Surprisingly well made and sparkly marcasite for the price. Wear it always; still looks great. <end>
 B000PAMBDE  Sterling Silver, Turquoise, Rose Quartz and Apatite Pin/Pendant by Sajen ||	  Extraordinary  This is truly an extraordinary piece of jewelry. The sterling detail is breathtaking, and the stones are clear and set perfectly. It is sturdy, beautiful, and offers several different options for wear. <end>  Great piece of jewelry and a great gift  I just received this as a gift from my sister and it is just lovely. The stones are beautiful and the attention to detail on the sterling silver is exceptional. The fact that this piece is a pendant or a pin makes it as functional as it is pretty. It is unique and a true piece of art in my opinion. Each time I wear it I get so many compliments on it. It is a nice weight which allows it to hang nicely on any chain or ribbon. When I received it I could tell from the packaging (presentation) that it was a quality piece. I highly recommend this piece and am going to check out the other pieces by the same maker. Do not hesitate to send this to someone as a gift, they will love it as I do. <end>
 B000PAMBR0  Sterling Silver Balinese Swirl Adjustable Bangle Bracelet by Sajen ||	  SILVER BRACELET  I purchased this bracelet for my daughter (who loves bracelets) as a gift. I'm not one to buy things without seeing them 1st but, I took a chance. When my daughter received the bracelet, she loved it!!! It's very unique & the adjustable band is great. It's a little thin but that's one of the things she likes about it. She wears it all the time. <end>
 B000PAMBUW  Sterling Silver Paua Shell Pendant by Sajen ||	  So SHINY!  This was a gift that I don't wear often. Not because I don't like it but, its SHINY and more turquoise gleams forth than appears.. and I simply don't wear that color often. The Purples, Blues, and Silvers, and Turquoise really are beautiful though. They definately play in the light. I don't know if all of these are as shiny as mine but, the one I have is hypnotizing! Especially in sunlight! I'm gonna have to go buy something to wear with this because it's just a shame to let it sit in my jewelry box for so long. <end>  Like So Much of the Jewelry Amazon Sells  I don't know why I buy these things. I guess it's Lightning Deal anxiety.It is pretty much like it appears in the pictures. But up close it has a cheap, mass produced look to it. It's smaller than it appears, and if you saw it a flea market you might think it costs less than $5.I kept it, but wouldn't give it as a gift to someone I cared about.I'm somewhat disappointed with this purchase, even at the reduced Lightning Deal price I paid. <end>
 B000PAMBZ2  Sterling Silver Blue Chalcedony Pendant by Sajen, 18" ||	  Great pendant and chain...super craftsmanship!  I bought this piece (and several others) during the 30% off Sajen jewelry sale in December. This is a wonderful piece...the chain that came with it is quite nice.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I thought the stone would be a bit more blue...it's really more cream-colored than blue-colored (there's just a tiny hint of blue and from the pictoral description I was expecting quite a bit more blue than what I rec'd). However, not every piece will be like mine is! I still enjoy wearing it with many blue tops.Otherwise, super! <end>  CUTE.  I bought this because, I wanted a very BASIC pendant that I could wear with something nice OR with jeans and flip flops and ITS EXACTLY THAT. HOWEVER... the color says blue and it's not really. It's more of a milky lavendar. Definately more of a purple hue but, muted. Still, perfect for what I wanted it for.The size isn't huge either. I wanted something small-medium, so, it was perfect. About the size of a quarter but, stretched into an oval shape. the slide is about half an inch too.In all  no bigger than a silver dollar. <end>
 B000PAMC1K  Sterling Silver Filigree Tree of Life Pendant by Sajen ||	  Nice but too small  The craftmanship of this pendant is very nice, but it is entirely too small for my taste. It is a half inch including the bail. <end>  Simply Stunning  This item is simply stunning and beautiful. I LOVE the detailing. I like the idea of a full tree top instead of barren branches. It also has the 7 roots. I prefer the round style to the oval style or just a tree with no framing. It measures one inch from top of bezzle to bottom of circle surrounding the tree. I feel this size is great for a lady or a teenage. I thing it's too small for a man, especially a large man. I purchased a sterling silver boxed chain 1.5mm made in Italy (from another online supplier) and it looks good with this pendent. I should have maybe purchased a 2.5mm chain, but I'm happy with my first choices. All in all together (pendant and chain) cost me UNDER $20 but look like I paid a LOT MORE! You just have to shop around for the best deals and what you REALLY want. Hope this helps you make a decision. Oh. YES, I would recommend this to a friend. <end>  Too Small  Craftsmanship is very nice, detail is great...however it is very small. Smaller than I expected. I would love to have this pendant about the size of a silver dollar - penny size it no big enough to show off the detail. Returning; with hopes that a larger one is made. <end>  It IS that beautiful!  It's durable, good quality, intricate, & dazzling. It's smaller than I expected, but way better quality than I expected. I would highly recommend this to anyone! <end>
 B000PAMCJM  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Quartz Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  not as pictured  disappointing. overly shiny and is adjustable--that may be in the description, but i didn't see it. And though i decided to return the ring, Amazon's return policy made it extremely easy, and best of all--return shipping is free! Thank you, Amazon, you rock!! <end>
 B000PAMCLA  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Quartz Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  not as pictured  disappointing. overly shiny and is adjustable--that may be in the description, but i didn't see it. And though i decided to return the ring, Amazon's return policy made it extremely easy, and best of all--return shipping is free! Thank you, Amazon, you rock!! <end>
 B000PAOBXM  Sterling Silver Seraphinite Adjustable Ring by Sajen, Size 5 ||	  Not what I expected  I returned mine. The ring is very large...taking up the entire length of my finger between my middle and end knuckle. Some people can carry this look off but it is not a good look for a smallish person like me. Also, the "stone" part looks like enamel rather than the cool, unique stone that I thought it was going to look like. The color is beautiful but is lacks the depth and variety that would make it look like a true natural stone. <end>
 B000PAOC5O  Sterling Silver Lapis, Iolite and Rainbow Moonstone Pendant by Sajen ||	  Beautiful shades of blue ...  This pendant is so much prettier in person than in the photo here. It's also a very nice size -- not ostentatious, but still easy to see. I'm a big iolite fan, and the iolite combined with the lapis and moonstone is just gorgeous.I wear this a lot with blue jeans and tops, but it would work equally well for more formal occasions.If you're looking for a gift, and her favorite color is blue, you might want to look seriously at this. <end>  Most of the stones are pretty..  I purchased this product when it was on sale for $9.99. The one thing that I really don't like about it, is that the 2nd blue stone (above the 2 moonstones)- which I believe is the Lapis- looks very cheap. This is my first experience with this particular stone, so I'm not sure if it's common to have gold specks in it (it looks like someone sprinkled some gold glitter on it). Perhaps that's the way the stone is supposed to be, but to me it makes it look cheap. Other than that, I like all the other stones. It's large, so it could easily be seen on a chain.EDIT 2012  I actually haven't worn it since date of purchase (back in '08), but I kept stored it in a little velvet pouch. Sadly it's tarnished already, especially the loop part- it's almost black! (Maybe this grade of silver easily tarnishes?) Perhaps with the right cleaner it would look nice again. <end>
 B000PAOC9A  Sterling Silver Mother-of-Pearl Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  Good deal  I bought this ring for my grandma's birthday. Its a good sized ring, but looked real nice on her ring finger. If your purchasing this for someone with smaller hands I would suggest their index or middle finger as the ring itself is quite large. <end>
 B000PAOCS6  Sterling Silver Mother-of-Pearl Swirl Design Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Very lovely earrings  These earrings are lovely, large but not heavy. Perfect for wearing with casual or dressy outfits. <end>
 B000PAOD5S  Sterling Silver Aquamarine Oval Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  aquamarine ear rings  The ear rings were the hit of my daughter's Christmas. They well worth the cost,arrived on time, better than expected. <end>
 B000PAODV2  22k Gold Overlay Fire Opal Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  lovely  these are very classy earrings. The design resembles ancient Roman earrings, very classic. The stones have some sparkle, just the right amount. The size is perfect for everyday wear as well as for dress up. Very rich in an understated way. <end>
 B000PAOEHK  Sterling Silver Paua Shell Swirl Design Earrings by Sajen ||	  nice earrrings  shipping was really fast on these earrings. They are very attractive, and balanced nicely so that they are comfortable to wear for long periods.Love 'em, am looking forward to getting the second pair I ordered from Sajen.Would have liked a slightly deeper blue on on the puaua to go better with the necklace I already had, but it's close enough that it really doesn't matter <end>
 B000PAPF1O  Sumo Wrestler Cuff Links ||	  My husband loved the Sumo cufflinks!  My husband and I have been looking for Sumo Wrestler Cufflinks for a few years and I was happy when I found them on Amazon. I ordered them and I hoped to receive them by Christmas, I got them right away. I was very impressed with the quality and detail of the product. My husband loved them! He wore them New Years Eve. It was a great gift. <end>
 B000PAQ41O  Sterling Silver and 14k Yellow Gold "Mom" Heart Locket, 18" ||	  Beautiful!  I got this for my Moms birthday and it was even more beautiful in person than in the pictures. Loved it! <end>  Mom loves it!  Bought this as a gift and inserted 2 pictures into the locket. It took a steady hand tracing the shape and then cutting the pictures, but it came out looking great. Took a little trial and error finding the right image size for the pictures selected. <end>  Great Product  This was a wonderful Christmas gift. The locket is big enough to fit a perfect picture in it. It was a great buy <end>
 B000PAQBRG  Sterling Silver Malachite Scroll Design Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  nice quality  I think it's a lovely ring. The silver part of the ring is very well done. The stone I received is darker than shown but I am still pleased with the overall look of the ring. <end>
 B000PAQBUI  Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for a friend at the bargain price of $15. The ring is well made and the garnet is beautiful. The stone is clear and sparkles. I'm happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000PAQBV2  Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for a friend at the bargain price of $15. The ring is well made and the garnet is beautiful. The stone is clear and sparkles. I'm happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000PAQCCA  Sterling Silver Turquoise Pendant by Sajen, 18" ||	  excelent turquoise pendant  this is alot of necklace for the money, have seen similar for 5x more in price <end>  Just what I wanted  I love this necklace; it's just what I wanted. The turquoise stone has slight imperfections, which is a feature that identified a real turquoise. The imperfections are not noticeable when I wear the necklace. I like the size of the pendant and the length of the chain. The description on Amazon was correct. <end>  Very pretty, Very happy!  This is a wonderful necklace, and it is very delicate, not too heavy. The shipping was fast and the packaging, along with instructions for care, were very nice. Thank you so much! <end>  Great company  The product shipped fast and I was impressed with the way it came packaged. The necklace looks exactly like it does in the photo. Very true to size. <end>  Silver Turquoise pendant is sterling  The Sterling Silver Turquoise Pendant by Sajen is a very nice gift for the price. It's sturdy, sleek and sexy. And it makes for a nice surprise gift to share before, during or after dinner. <end>  This is a piece of crap  I bought it for a gift. It's really really tiny, and it brokes the first time my mom wear it!. Beware, the money don't worth it!! <end>  Pretty, small like others have said  This piece is very pretty but smaller than it looks, as others have said. The back of the oval measures 5/8" by 1/2", with the stone itself a bit smaller. The total length of the piece, from the back, measures 7/8", including the loop that holds the chain. I'm not a big-jewelry wearer, so for me this piece is very nice. I bought the scroll earrings too, which look great with it. <end>  Beautiful!  The pendant is very nicely crafted and beautiful quality. The service was outstanding. <end>  Pendant review  I was very disappointed with the actaul size of this pendant when it arrived. It's a lot smaller than it looked online. States it's one inch, but that's not the case. <end>  beautiful and reasonable  It perfectly matched a pair of ear-rings that I had just been given by a friend who had purchased the ear-rings in Texas. Color ,shape every thing matched. It was great. It was the first time I had purchased any thing over the internet. <end>  Pendant is much smaller than you would think based on the picture. Made for a petite woman or a chld.  This pendant was way too small. I realize that you must magnify to get a better look at the gemstone and the casting but this was small enough for a child.It would not even fit a 2mm omega, just a thicker chain that you may have. It was pretty, that's why I bought it but I like big and bold and this didn't even come close. <end>  More ornate than picture suggests  The necklace is much prettier than the picture. It is not a large pendant, but the intricate details are more pronounced than the picture shows. It is elegant. <end>  Sterling Silver Turquoise Pendant by Sajen, 18''  This beautiful and simply elegant piece of jewelry was a treasure. I gave them as gifts to family members because I knew that every time they wore them, they would feel they were wearing something special. Sajen packaged this lovely jewelry in a blue velvet pouch inside of a navy blue gift box....THANK YOU AMAZON for making a quality product affordable and available. Consuelo T. Gabriel <end>  beautiful  I love this! stone is just the right size for me, beautiful Turquoise blue, and details is so pretty.I wear this everywhere. goes well on any kind of cusual outfits. <end>  Pretty  This piece is exactly as pictured. It isn't delicate, but has a sturdy look to it. The turquoise is a pretty color. Worth the price I paid. <end>  Beautiful!  This is absolutely lovely, I loved it so much I ordered another one for a gift. <end>
 B000PAQCI4  Sterling Silver Black Star Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  I really have been impresed with Sajen's craftsmanship  This is one of 8 Sajen products that I own and I have been very happy with all my purchases.The ring is well made and feels very "solid". I wear it as a "pinky" ring and I feel it is a great size for that. <end>
 B000PAQD6U  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Turquoise Earrings by Sajen ||	  Beautiful earrings  I purchased these earrings to go with a Sajen pendant I had previously purchased. They go with it perfectly with even the Turquoise stones matching. Some Turquoise is a plain color and looks kind of fake and plastic -like, but these stones have the striations through them as the pendant does. They are beautiful. <end>
 B000PAS5RK  Sterling Silver, Sunstone and Lemon Quartz Scroll Design Earrings by Sajen ||	  Small but pretty  These were smaller than I thought they would be. However, they are quite pretty. I wish the stones were larger, because the sunstone is so unusual. The quality of the workmanship and the stones is excellent, as usual. I'd just like to see these in a larger size. <end>
 B000PAS66U  Sterling Silver Adjustable Mud Bead Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Nice Ring  This ring is more petite than I think I expected. I like it just the same. It looks great on my hand. The adjustable size makes it great..I don't wear a 6...so I had to pop out the side to adjust and it worked out just great. The silver is of a good weight and the packaging it came in was top quality. The price for this was reasonable too. If earrings come out to match...I'll get those too... Its really quite hard to find pieces like this. I was happy to find this! <end>
 B000PAS6LU  Round Onyx Tumble Bead Necklace w/ Floral Toggle by Sajen, 20" ||	  black onyx necklace  I love my necklace and wear it often--it makes a wonderful fashion statement and goes with a lot of different things! <end>
 B000PAYJ7K  Cherry Amber and Sterling Silver Black Sun Stud Earrings ||	  Rather larger than I expected...  These earrings are rather larger than I expected, a little bit larger than a nickel in circumference. The stones are gorgeous however. They're so dark that they look black unless they're in strong direct light, then they're a lovely clear red. All in all they are quite lovely, but if you're looking for something delicate or small, these might not be for you. <end>  Cute Earings  It was the christmas perfect gift for my friend. Very nice craftsmenship and awesome design; I would buy another in a heartbeat. <end>  very nice  cute. sweet and a little small for my taste, but lovely. Careful though; the spokes of the sun get caught in long fine hair! <end>
 B000PCXT38  10k Yellow Gold Green Amethyst Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful pendant, worthless chain  The chain is a flimsy piece of junk, but the stone is absolutely beautiful. The pale sage color matches the photo exactly, and the cut sparkles in dim or bright light. I highly recommend the pendant if you can pair it with a better chain. <end>  Big and brilliant green amethyst can stand alone  When I ordered this on sale I was worried the stone would be too small - I am one of those folks who never learned the metric system in school! When I received the pendant, it was so large my jaw dropped. Out came the ruler, and the stone alone measured 3/4" long. That's a large piece of stone! The color was a nice shade of green but, from the product description, it might be "treated" and need TLC. Of course, with a stone this size, it would come with a flimsy chain, but so what? Prepare to get a stronger chain. You wouldn't want to lose this! It sparkled with a great cut, will definitely not get lost on your sweater, and will draw a lot of attention. I love it! <end>  WOW!!  what can i say...i've hidden this item away until my gf's bday...and everyday i sneak a peek and i'm overwhelmed...absolutely beautifulgot it for 69 bucks thoso that must contribute to my wow feelinghad it been it's listed price...well i dunnobut it really is as beautful as pictured so...hope this was helpful <end>  green amethyst  I had bought my Daughter green amethyst earrings and wanted to give her a pendant to go with them for her birthday, after much searching, I liked the style of this one. When it arrived, it is beautiful, it is not small, but also not too big, something she will treasure all her life. The color and cut are excellent. The chain was also very nice and a perfect length for all ages. <end>  Tealady  I was so happy to find green Amethyst at a reasonable price. Good color for the money. <end>
 B000PCXT6K  10k Yellow Gold Pink Amethyst Pendant, 18" ||	  Lovely Pendant  This pendant is very nice and impressive. The chain is not that great as it is quite thin and super delicate, but the stone is worth it. I put a stronger chain on it. I think it is worth every penny even without the chain! <end>
 B000PCZMLK  10k Yellow Gold Green Amethyst Ring, Size 7 ||	  Cheap setting, VERY THIN!!! Beware.  The stone is beautiful, but don't let the picture here deceive you. The ring setting is the thinnest and cheapest I've ever seen (the picture makes you think it's a solid setting---it's NOT). I've gotten rings on Ebay for $10 that have a far sturdier setting.I love the stone, but I'm afraid that if I wear the ring, the setting won't last. It looks as though the setting cost $1 at the most. Too bad the setting isn't more solid--the stone / ring would be very nice with a better setting. <end>  Poor workmanship  The stone fell out of the setting the first time I wore it. Luckily I found the stone right away. I placed the ring and the stone in a small pocket in my purse as I had nothing else to store it in at the time.The "gold" setting was so flimsy that it bent out of shape while it was in my purse for a few hours. <end>  disappointing  The quality and look were not what I had anticipated. Very flimsy.I would not recommend this item <end>  Let Down  This ring was not as expected. The color of the Amethyst is light green, almost translucent and it does not have the two-tone color effect as shown in the picture. I have had this ring for about 6 months, only wearing it 3 times and the stone has fallen out. Beautiful picture but ring is not up to par. <end>  Very nice.....  Unlike the other customers I found the ring to be of high quality and it is a very lovely stone. <end>
 B000PD1IO4  10k Yellow Gold Pink Amethyst Ring, Size 8 ||	  It's like a diamond to me!  I knew from past experience that this pink amethyst stone would be lighter than the picture, but that was what I wanted. I wanted a very large, sparkling stone with just a wash of color, and that describes this ring. It has many light-catching facets and a subtle tint of violet-pink. Mine measures 3/4" from top to bottom. Because of it's impressive size, I wear it on my middle finger and, needless to say, I wear no other rings on that hand that might cause a distraction. This is a ring that could make some ladies feel like royalty! A word on caring for this precious stone  While the 10K gold setting seems sturdy enough, there are only 4 prongs which seem a bit lighter than my other rings. Please go easy on this ring - spare it from housework and sports activities because you might cry if you lose it. This type of gemstone has also been known to chip, so treat it with lots of TLC. Hope you love your ring as I do mine! <end>  Large Bauble  This is a very pretty ring but my hands are rather small. It looked like costume jewelry on my hands so I returned the ring. <end>  Gentle and beautiful.  The ring itself (gold part) is not as thick as it is on the picture, but still beautiful. This is the only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars.Overall I am happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000PD1IOY  10k Yellow Gold Smoky Quartz Pendant, 18" ||	  Don't Bother  I ordered this smokey quartz pendant because I had been looking for one for a while and waited a long time for it to arrive. List price  $120.00 on sale for $39.99, 10k gold including chain---it sounded like a good buy---but be warned. The chain is so flimsey I would be afraid to wear it for fear it would quickly break. The chain came knotted up with strands of white fuzz in the bag it came in. I have seen larger smokey quartz stones for less than $39.99 much less than the bogus $120.00 list price.The bail is too small to put the pendant on any other chain I own. I have always been satisfied with Amazon jewelry but this is not worth it! I have sent it back. <end>  very pretty  I am very happy with this purchase. Yes, the chain it comes with is almost too delicate but I've also worn it on my other more substantial chains. I really like the color and size of this pendant. <end>  Good buy  The chain is delicate but what do you expect for the price. The quartz is nice. <end>
 B000PDY1NE  Buffalo Bone choker with Leather, Black beads and Ivory Hairpipes ||	  amazing and totally worth the buy!!!  )  I ordered this choker and it is absolutely beautiful and it fits pretty good and im a big guy too!! Lol but if you are looking for something that looks good and will fit and stay i reccommend coming to roger enterprises they know EXACTLY what they are doing when it comes to creativity <end>
 B000PE3314  Choco Seeds and Metal Red Bracelet-Spiral "Amazon Harvest" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  I love this bracelet!  I ordered three of these as Christmas gifts and they were very well received and I absolutely regret not getting one for myself. <end>
 B000PEACXG  Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Dragonfly Anklet ||	  Beautiful Anklet!!  This is an absolutely gorgeous ankle bracelet. I love mine so much I don't want to take it off! <end>
 B000PEAO5M  Sparkling Pink and CZ Sterling Silver Ring ||	  VERY Pretty Pink Ring  This ring is just gorgeous. It looks like a pink diamond estate piece. I just can't get over how pretty it is, it looks absolutely beautiful on the finger. This ring is perfect and I would recommend it to anyone. Go for it, the price is terrific! <end>
 B000PEE2X2  Braided 2mm Apple Green Silk Cord ||	  Not Like in the Picture  I am disappointed in this cord; normally Eve's Addiction is very reliable for good quality, but not this time. The clasp hardly seems secure--it's just a knot that slips through a little loop, and the color isn't the same shade as in the picture. Instead of the dark green I was expecting, I found the cord to be a light lime green. Like I said, surprised and disappointed at the normally-dependable Eve's Addiction. <end>
 B000PEIGPW  14K Yellow Gold Oval Shaped Locket ||	  Diva Diamonds is VERY Deceptive  This product is only a gold shell. They list the total metal weight and imply that is the gold weight, but it is a very thin gold shell and the rest is cheap metal. I did not realize this at first because the other metal parts are painted gold, but after 6 months when the paint wore off and I could tell it was not really gold they refused to take the cheap piece of junk back. I am very upset as this was a keepsake gift for my daughter's 16th birthday.14K Yellow Gold Oval Shaped Locket <end>
 B000PEILVG  14K Yellow Gold Design Cross Pendant ||	  Excellent Purchase  The gold cross is absolutely beautiful and the price was great! Shipping time was quick! It was a birthday present for my 40 year old daughter who loves it. <end>  Beautiful, classic cross and appropriately sized for an adult  I shopped in stores and online for a classic cross with just enough detail. This cross was perfect. It is beautiful in design, but not tacky. The size is appropriate for an adult (many crosses similarly priced were too small and made for a child). I get many compliments on this piece and I am very happy with it. It exceeded my expectations. <end>  Beautiful  This cross is very beautiful, but the picture with it is quite magnified. You cannot see all that detail with normal vision. However, I do like it and wear it with dressier outfits. <end>
 B000PEIO0O  18k Gold Overlay Sterling Silver Diamond Tennis Bracelet (1 cttw), 7.5" ||	  Diamonds are of poor quality  I guess you get what you pay for. The diamonds were discolored, some looked gray - almost black and if that was not bad enough some were severely scratched. I would have returned it but not worth the hassle. I gave it two stars because from FAR it actually looks OK but upon close examination you notice all the flaws. <end>
 B000PEIT3Q  14K Yellow Gold Head Of Jesus Crown Pendant ||	  Detailed, Chisled Bust of Jesus  This is a magnificent piece of jewelry. It seems as though it was sculpted with a chisel. The details are incredible. The piece is heavy-weight and very solid. The diamonds are small, but shimmer with a little bit of light. It is as though the light bursts through the crown with the glow of Jesus' Light of Love. While I initially had a problem getting the item, due to UPS and its incompetence in delivering the package to the correct door in my co-op, the owner of DIVA Diamonds, Ryan, did invest his time and effort to solve the problem and sooth my angst. I don't know of any other company that would have an owner become involved in a customer's problems like he did. Easily, the best head of Jesus in Amazon's inventory, and the best company to order fromThank you Diva, and Ryan. <end>
 B000PEKR68  Men's Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 24" ||	  Wife got me this has a Hanukkah present  I love it and seldom take it off. I did change the chain to a more expensive chain but other than that it's awesome and still shines after 3 months of putting it on. Although I have cleaned it a few times.Buy it, it's a great piece. <end>  Great!  The actual pendant is awesome. It looks very nice and appears well-made for the price. My only complaint is like the others, the chain isn't bad, it's just a little iffy. It has a slight tendency to kink and the pendant doesn't always slide very freely on it. With a better chain, the thing would be just perfect or, really, with just the pendant itself, since I'm probably going to eventually just break down and buy a better one at some point.Still, absolutely worth getting! <end>  Star of David Pendant  I was very pleased with the pendant. It arrived on time and it was exactlywhat I wanted.Thank you. <end>  Nice Pendant  The pendant is very nice, just what I expected. The chain is nice also, but much to long. I put the pendant on a different chain. It arrived on time and I would purchase from this vendor again. <end>  Sterling Silver Men's Star of David Pendant, 24"  This is a great necklace. It is as it appears in the photo. Sometimes the pendant doesn't glide smoothly on the chain, but this is minor. My husband likes it very much. <end>  Quality pendant, un-ideal necklace  The Star of David pendant was very nice; it had a little bit of "heft" to it and a mirror finish front and back with a nice mark on the back indicating that it was sterling silver. I liked the design and the proportions for a man; not dainty or exaggerated either. The little black pouch to hold the pendant when not worn was also a nice touch.The chain was a different story, however. I thought 24" was much too long. It is not sterling silver as far as I can tell, and it is true what another reviewer said about the pendant not sliding on it smoothly. The pendant actually catches on the chain and often does not rest in the middle when worn. (I made a shorter cotton cord necklace to be worn with the pendant instead of the chain it came with.)I am very pleased with the pendant, but not pleased with the chain. <end>  good product  The pendant is beautiful. I thought that the design would be on both sides of pendant but the image only shows the front, the back is just flat with authentication engraving. I don't like the chain so much, it's not very comfortable, but I had in mind just to use the pendant when I bought it anyway. Overall good quality product. <end>  Nice manly pendant!  I have purchased mutiple pendants over the years most of which have been a disappointment. It's so hard to tell their actual size and solidity, and my 15 year old son is picky. Well, this piece didn't disappoint! It is a good size and is solid enough to clearly be "manly". It seems more sturdy in real life than in the pic! I bought it for my 15 year old son, but my husband loves it as well! I'm probably going to buy another for him! The chain is sturdy too...looks like it will survive a teen boys antics! Great pendant at a great price! <end>  My husband loves it.  Was searching for a silver Star of David and went to many sites doing so. Came across this one andit was just what I was looking for. My husband loves it and was just what HE was wanting so we bothwon!The pendant is simple in line yet interesting in the intersecting lines of the star.I would recommend this pendant. <end>  Very exquisite pendant you will love to have!!  When I received this pendant, I was stunned by just how beautiful it looked! Sure, I have seen the online photo of it many times when I was ordering it, but nothing quite prepared me for how beautiful it really looked!!It sparkles well and is just the right size, weight and dimensions. Like some of the other reviewers have mentioned, I too had seen and bought other Star of David pendants in the past, and never really liked most of them. They were usually too dainty and/or too ornamented (e.g. Swarovski crystals all over).But this pendant is perfect for an older teen boy or a man  plain, large, and with a beautiful, unexaggerated cutting.About the chain  undoubtedly, the thick 24&#34; stainless steel chain that accompanies the pendant is not the most ideal. With no intention of being offensive, it needs to be said that the chain that came with the pendant reminded me a lot of the chain that holds the rubber stopper in a bathtub. And no wonder, because bathtub stopper chains are also made of stainless steel.  O)What I would advise anyone who orders this pendant is to go to a jewel store and get a good sterling silver chain or white gold chain (if you can afford it). I personally had a 20&#34; sterling silver chain that was bought from a Catholic store some months ago, and it goes excellently well with this pendant. At 20&#34;, the pendant rest somewhere on my third breastbone, and is partially visible when I am wearing a polo-shirt with all the buttons undone (but of course, this depends on your height).The chain that came with the pendant is too long and thick for most people, and is rather unflattering, and does the pendant a bit of a dis-service, LOL.If you are Jewish, or if you have a love for the Jewish people, seriously considering getting this pendant for yourself or as a gift.I live in the Orient, and the package took 14 days to reach me (from the time that I ordered it). If you're living in the US, you'll probably get it a lot faster!  O)It comes in a beautiful blue gift box and a dark blue velvet pouch.God bless!! <end>  Necklace review  Men's Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 24"I bought this necklace for my husband, He thinks it was a fantastic gift....He says the weight and size of the necklace is great because it makes a great difference in the way it hangs around his neck. I love the polished beautiful look of the necklace. It makes an awesome gift. I will definitely be buying again. Thank you for the affordable prices and the great value of the gifts. <end>  Beautiful! Perfect.  I can't believe how beautiful this necklace is. The pendant is really lovely. Tasteful and high quality. Other reviewers had mentioned that they were not as satisfied with the chain, but to be honest, the chain is working smoothly and looks completely appropriate. My boyfriend is 6'1" and the 24" chain is not even too long. It falls exactly as it should on him. What I like best about this necklace is that in total it all looks like it was made for a man. He loves it. Thank you to all the other reviewers. You helped me make a good decision. It really is perfect. <end>  Amazon verified review-Sterling Silver Star of David  I purchased this for my teenage son and he really likes it. The Star of David is really nice and the chain is a very good quality. This was a great deal for the price. <end>  THIS IS THE BEST NECKLACE  THIS NECKLACE IS PERFECT! ITS STURDY AND GREAT QUALITY FOR THE PRICE. THIS NECKLACE HAS BECOME A TRIBUTE FOR MY GRANDMOTHER WHO HAS PASSED AND I WEAR IT EVERDAY AND IT SHOWS LITTLE TO NO WEAR. ITS PERFECT FOR A MAN OR WOMAN AND I HAVE GOTTEN MANY COMPLEMENTS ON THIS NECKLACE. I WOULD PAY MORE THAN $39.95 FOR IT. SERIOUSLY YOU CANT BEAT IT. <end>  Bigger than expected, and the necklace it quite long.  it was bigger than I expected and the necklace was too long. Otherwise, nothing wrong with it. Simple and stylish! <end>  Star of David  My husband found the star and asked me to order it- He loves it! The Star is quite lovely and manly. The stainless steel chain is sturdy and fits well too. Husband has a severe nickle allergy, so we weren't sure if he could wear it. He's worn it every day since receipt with absolutely no problems!!!. Thank you for offering this product.Peg <end>  Great item  I love that pendant. Shiny. Neat. The right size. I just added a bigger loop to the pendant and use it on a different necklace. I've read other reviews regarding the fact that the pendant doesn't glide smoothly on the necklace. It's because the loop. It's too small for the size of the necklace. If you want to buy the pendant for what it is, go for it. It's not too heavy nor too light or fragile. It doesn't bend easily. I'm extremely satisfied with that pendant. <end>  Nice necklace chain and pendant!  Necklace chain and pendant are nice. Pendant is on the thin side, would have been nicer if it was thicker. If thicker though it probably would have needed a thicker necklace chain too which would have more than likely jacked the price up. The design is only on one side. I will point out that the necklace chain and pendant does not look exactly like the picture you see. Would still recommend buying though. <end>  Now I know why there are no athiests in foxholes....  This product has the ability to produce gratification both from it's beauty, and it's emotional/personal influence. On the more crass side, I would have preferred a sturdier chain and clasp, but, it is an investment well worth the price from Amazon. <end>  Exactly what was listed  Found this item while browsing, decided to purchase. Fast shipping and nicely packed. Thank you and Jah Bless and guide I & I each and every day!~Fiya <end>  My step-son loves it!  Men's Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 24"My step-son, whose is not Jewish, requested a Star of David. He lives in Northern Calif. I saw this Star of David on Amazon. I had it shipped to him. I did not see it. He loves it. The chain hangs to the middle of his chest. He wears it inside his shirt. It makes him feel close to me. It was shipped by United States Postal Service. I thought it was shipped by UPS. He couldn't find it on his door step. After researching the shipment, he found it in the mail box. <end>  Great Star, terrible chain  I love the Star. It's great, beautiful and stamped. I am very happy with the quality of it. It does shine and catch the light. However, the chain is terrible. The star catches on it, the chain gets kinks in it. I have had to buy a nicer chain of higher quality to put the star on. The shipping and packaging was excellent and fast. I do recommend the star but not the chain. <end>  pleased.  I just gotten this the other day. a must have for you and yours.a nice pendant for everyone so hurry and get yours. <end>  It is AWESOME!  My sister gave me it for my birthday, I have like four more Star of David pedants... now this is my fav.  D <end>  Star is beautiful, but ditch the chain.  This is worth it for the pendant alone. However, the chain does not do justice to the star.The chain is thick stainless steel, not silver. I bought a separate 1mm sterling chain to gowith the star. <end>  tov m'ode  love it its great and i'm so happy to have this cool thing that i highly reccomentd to every one. <end>  Worth It  Order this piece for my boyfriend. He really liked and it was beautifully crafted. Very shining and looked expensive next to his body. I would recommend this piece of jewelry to anyone. <end>  Never buy a pendant with a stainless steel chain  That chain gave me a rash you can see from space.I have been using cream on it for 4 days and only now is the rash receding. <end>  Pretty....but bad quality  I loved it when it first arrived, but the little ring on the top of the star broke a month into wearing it. I was pretty careful with it. I wore it all the time but would take it off for bed and a shower yet it still broke. It is pretty though. <end>  Good gift for a man!  My husband really enjoyed his necklace. He doesn't wear anything like this normally, but the chain fit him well, and he enjoyed its comfort. <end>  Simple Star of David. Well built.  It was perfect for what I wanted. It's a simple necklace. Nothing too bling bling, not cheap looking. Simple and elegant. <end>  Real cool pendant  I bought this pendant because my name is David and I was named after King David. It's pretty cool and light comes in a little box, not flimsy or easily broken, the chain is perfect too, although I personally like to wear it out for people to see, got a lot more tips by the Jewish customers in the hotel I worked at and a perfect conversation piece. I like it. <end>  Beautiful, and he loved it  Very happy with this. But open box and repackage before giving as a gift; it's packaged oddly inside the box. <end>  master piece  The star of David is of good quality. I enjoy wearing it and get lots of cimpliments on it. Im not jewish but it doesnt matter because it's good for everyone. <end>
 B000PEM4X2  14K Yellow Gold Heart Shaped Diamond Locket ||	  Double Heart Locket  I was a little disappointed that it was a bit scratched when I got it, but beautiful and exact to description/picture. <end>
 B000PEM68A  14K Two Tone Gold Christ Is Risen Crucifix Pendant ||	  Absolutely Beautiful Crucifix  This crucifix is absolutely beautiful. Everyone comments on how lovely it is. You can clearly see the two tones and the image of Christ is clear. This was a wonderful purchase. I wear it all the time, even to the gym. <end>
 B000PEMC02  Sterling Silver Diamond Tennis Bracelet (1 cttw), 7.5" ||	  Beautiful and ....  Very shiny and durable not the best cut or clarity but a great bargin. Make sure to clean bracelet when it arrives or wrist may break out from polish, if you have sensitive skin. My girl friend loves it for everyday wear. <end>
 B000PEMCQ6  14k White Gold Moissanite Graduated Bezel Journey Pendant W/18" Box Chain (1.33 cttw equivalent) ||	  shimmering ice  I knew when ordering that I would end up with a beautiful piece of jewelry but this pendant was over my expectation. It is beautiful and a pleasure to wear as people comment on it every time you have it on. The shine and luster is incredible. I would highly recommend this pendant to anyone who has discriminate taste in jewelry. You'll love it. <end>
 B000PEO7UA  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (1.00 cttw equivalent), Size 5 ||	  beyond beatiful ring  First of all, the ring doesn't look anything like the picture. It's BETTER! The stones are super sparkly and the gold on the band is nice and substantial, not thin and flimsy. The best part is the stones. They are beautiful; the center stone is maybe around .50 ct and the two side stones are .25. Since they are smaller weight stones, they look very white, and of course have a ton of sparkle. The three stones are set side by side and their fire bounces off each other beautifully. However, the total carat weight is 1 ct, so the ring will fit better on smaller hands. I have a size 5 finger, and it looks great, but I'd think a size 6 is the most you can go unless you like very petite rings. The 2 ct. ring would be perfect for the larger sizes. Definitely a keeper. <end>
 B000PEO80Y  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (2.00 cttw equivalent), Size 7 ||	  Exquisite  This ring is astounding and you will not be disappointed with this piece. I received my ring yesterday and am very thrilled with the quality and craftmanship of the piece. I took this ring to the mall to compare it with their overpriced pieces and I am so excited about the deal that I was able to get on this ring. It is gorgeous and I saved a lot of money. All of the jewelers were in disbelief by the price that I paid, question the authenticity of it and were very snooty when I shared the price with them. I have to say that I am very happy that I have this ring, and have wanted it for a long time. The smaller carat weights cost more than this one, so if you can afford to get it, grab it and wear it like a queen. <end>
 B000PEO8HC  14k White Gold Moissanite Classic Tiffany Solitaire (.75 cttw equivalent), Size 8 ||	  A Must for brides everywhere!!!  This ring is so beautiful, it's dazzles in the dark!!! The clarity is fabu for the prize. Brides, now and to be, GET THIS RING!!! <end>
 B000PF6R1Q  Small Sterling Silver 6mm Engraved Dragon Band Pinky Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  Perfect Boys Ring  I purchased this for my 10 year old for X-mas and he loves it! Wears it every day and it has held up to his rough and tumble life! <end>  ring review  Ring was shown and described accurately, but design is incredibly small. So small you can hardly make it out. Good price, quick service. <end>  Excellent Order!  This item is exactly as described. I received it super fast. It fits perfectly and this is someone I would definitely order from again. <end>  NEEDED A PINKY RING  THE RING LOOKS GREAT. FIT MY FINGER PERFECTLLY. ALSO IT HAS A DRAGON ON IT. PEOPLE COMMENT ON HAVE NICE IT LOKKS. <end>
 B000PGZUKY  Boma Sterling Silver Rose Necklace ||	  Just what I wanted for a gift for mom..  This is a small simple rose that arrives in a sweet box. My mom loved her gift! I would recommend this to anyone looking for a charming, dainty little silver rose necklace..Arrived when estimated to. <end>
 B000PH2A7E  Sterling Silver 6mm Square Created Blue Opal Stud Earrings ||	  satisfied customer  I received these earrings in Australia, within five days of ordering them the colour is quite dazzling in the lightand are not too small.I find them to be very good especialy for the price. <end>  ocean blue simulated opal earrings - lots of compliments!  These earrings are very pretty for what you pay. I've received many compliments on them especially when I've worn them outside in sunshine - they really sparkle and show their colors vividly in bright sunlight. They look nice with blue, turquoise, pink, white or black clothing. <end>  beautiful  I purchased these earrings as opposed to another similar pair from Amazon because these were more highly rated. I am very glad I did. These earrings are beautiful. The fire in the opals is bright and the construction is solid. I would certainly buy again. <end>  Much better in reality!  These earrings are really wonderful.The photo isn't fair with the color.It is much better when you see them in reality.I admit I love them too much. <end>  Nice  My wife likes these earrings. They are inexpensive, well made and look nice. Why spend more when you can get these, which are just as nice as the real thing? <end>  Big, cracked, and very blue  I like these earrings in the picture much better than I do in real life. I love the color in the pic. But when they arrived, they were VERY blue. Not that that's bad, but it's just not what I expected. I wanted the earrings in the picture. They're also much larger than they are in the picture and one of them has a crack across the stone. It's not really noticeable, but it's there and I'm able to see it. <end>  Don't Buy!  Don't let the picture fool ya. I got these earrings in and they looked nothing like as the picture showed. I wasn't too happy about that. I do not recommend buying these earrings. <end>
 B000PH2Q1O  14k Yellow Gold 9-10mm White South Sea Cultured Pearl Stud Earrings ||	  thin post fell out  The pearls are beautiful, but the posts are noticeably thinner than on other earrings. With less surface area to grip the pearl, one of them just fell out upon first use. The packaging is too cheesy for this price point  a fake-velour sachet sitting on a piece of styro-fluff. We sent ours back. <end>  Horrible  The earrings fell apart the third time my wife wore them and Amazon wouldn't refund them because it was past the 30-day return policy. Expensive junk. <end>
 B000PHQAZW  Kit Heath Sterling Silver & Fresh Water Pearl Wisteria Drop Earrings ||	  She Loved It!  These are beautiful earings, I would recommend them to anyone, they're great quality and make a great gift at a really affordable price. <end>
 B000PHSN1G  NCAA Helmet Pin ||	  Bigger than expected  I thought it was going to be smaller but glad it wasn't. Shipped and received fast. My sister loved it <end>  Perfect  A sophisticated look and perfect size for a jacket lapel. This is a great gift for any alum. Sturdy, yet fashionable. <end>
 B000PJ6A1Y  Vermeil Dogwood Flower Earrings with CZ Accents ||	  Pretty  These earrings are very nice quality, but the photo makes them appear shiny when they are in fact a mat finish in front and gold on the back. They look more yellow when you put them on. Regardless, they are very pretty so I definitely recommend them!  ) Super quick shipping too!! <end>
 B000PJ7B26  Deco Style Vintage CZ Sterling Silver Locket ||	  VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH QUALIITY  NOT VERY WELL MADE AND LOCKET DOESN'T STAY CLOSED NOR DOES THE PICTURE STAY IN IT'S PLACE...VERY PRETTY TO LOOK AT, BUT CAN'T WEAR IT... <end>
 B000PJVSEI  Southwestern Style Horse & Pony Story Band Ring in Sterling Silver for Men or Women, size 7, #10825 ||	  Beautiful Detail  This was purchased as a gift for my 16 year old niece. She loves horses and is an avid rider. She loved it. The detail was impressive and it's not big and bulky. Very dainty. <end>  hores band ring  I have alot of rings but cannot wear certain kinds at work-since I am such a horse lover-this is a perfect ring for me to wear on my job- I gave it a good rate because it is durable in the hard work I do -and the price is right- love this <end>
 B000PK2NZK  14K White Gold Sparkle Singapore Chain - 7 inches ||	  lovely chain  Chain is very delicaate and fine. So fine you can't see the chain on my arm. But worth the money. Will pass it on to my granddaughter/ <end>
 B000PK4JR0  Sterling Silver Hollow Bead Chain - 18 inches ||	  Super gift  My wife was truly impressed with this gift. The workmanship is beautiful, and the look is quite striking, unlike a lot of other sterling silver jewelry I've seen. As a bonus, the customer service people at Diva Diamonds were very responsive and helpful. <end>
 B000PKJYRK  Brass Tone and Olivine Color Square Stretch Bracelet ||	  Great Product  This product was given as a gift and my mother in law loved it!!!! Great price too! <end>
 B000PKJYUM  1928 Bridal Lilac Porcelain Rose Earrings ||	  I love these 1928 collection earings  I have not seen anything on the market like this earing in a while. So when I found these earings I was excited.They came in perfect condition. Love the color they were the right size for me. I hate and don't look good in huge earings. They are small studs, but are noticiable. I love the colors! I love my purchase. <end>  Little Girl who loves Roses  My little neice loves Roses. So I bought these for her birtday. She will love them. They are small, a pretty delicate lavender rose and not to adult for a little girl. I am very please with them. <end>  Not as pictured and not very sturdy  Somewhat disappointed in these earrings. They are NOT as pretty as they look in the picture and I am skeptical that they will last very long. My guess is the 'flower' is going to separate from the post the 1st time I forget to handle them with the UTMOST of care. <end>  I like it!!!  It's so good! So wonderful!!! This color is hard to find out, but i found it! And it looks like handmade, it's cute and lovely and perfect!! All in all, it's worth for you guys to get it!!! <end>
 B000PKJZAG  1928 Jewelry Colored Square Drop Earrings ||	  Good Quality  These earrings were a good quality, clean, clear blue stones and light weight. They came with the little plasitc backings so they are very secure. <end>  great earrings  I ordered these earrings because my son's birthstone is sapphire, and am very pleased with the product. They are comfortable and cute..not too big or heavy..and the style is very nice too! I recommend these earrings.. <end>  Beautiful earrings....  These earrings are beautiful. Nice quality, and as usual, quick delivery by Amazon. I have received many, many compliments on these earrings. Great purchase! <end>  Petite and Pretty  I love the color and sparkle of these earrings- they are petite in size but are truly beautiful! Don't hesitate. <end>  Beautiful Earrings.  The picture does not do this item justice. These earrings sparkle in the light. They are very reminiscent of the many antique earrings I have purchased in the past. My girlfriend says they are light weight and very comfortable to wear. She loved them! <end>  My new favorite earrings  These are very delicate looking and pretty. The wire is long enough that there is no threat of the earrings slipping off your ears accidentally. Quality! <end>  1928 Jewelry  quick and just what I wanted. And should not require 14 more words required.What-? View tips and guidelines | 6 more words required. <end>  Earrings 1928 jewelry  These earrings lasted one day. I lost one of them because it came out of my ear and I did not realize it. I really like the bracelet that matches it. <end>  Love them!  These are really pretty. Sparkly and a nice shade of blue. Nice dainty size. They have a vintage quality. Perfect! <end>  good purchase  These earrings fulfill their promise and live up to their price. A nice touch is that each has a backing on the hook that prevents its slipping out. They are a pretty green and sparkle nicely --- of course, for glass. <end>  pretty, but fragile  1928 has beautiful jewelry, and these aren't an exception- but the circular piece popped out after a few wears. I'm not rough on my earrings when I put them away so I was disappointed. <end>  Love them  99.99% of my jewelry is silver(-looking), this is the .01% that isn't.I get compliments every time I wear this set. They're perfect for my weekend jeans & t-shirt look.They are small and the stones are August's birthstone (a light/pale green). <end>  Contrasting  This item has a contrasting style which is nice. Backs are good. Blue a nice attracting color. There was something though that didnt appeal to me for some unknown reason. <end>
 B000PKJZYM  Amethyst Motif Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful  Gave these to my sister-in-law as a gift, She loved them, They are prettier in person. 1928 is a great brand. <end>
 B000PKLZ40  Bella Crystal Linear Drop Clip Earrings ||	  Photos Don't Do Them Justice  The photos really don't do these earrings justice. I received them as a gift off of my amazon wish list, and they're truly beautiful. They sparkle in the sunlight, and make any outfit (even jeans and a tshirt) look better. I got three compliments already today! They don't pinch or hurt, they don't slide around, they just do exactly what you expect good quality clip on earrings to do - look fantastic and stay put without pain. <end>  Great gift  I bought these as a birthday gift for my mom as she had been hunting for a nice straight dangle clip on earring for quite some time now. She was SO surprised, and said they are incredibly comfortable. Even prettier than the picture. I have not yet seen them, but was very happy my mom liked them so much. She is a tough one to shop for! Couldn't be happier I found them when I did! <end>  Look lovely and you can't even feel them !  I just wore these tonight after receiving them the other day, and they were the first clip-on earrings I have worn that didn't feel pinchy - I could barely tell they were there at all! And they are so pretty and sparkling without being too gaudy. A good balance between delicacy and being noticeable. I love the way they swing and sway. As someone who can't wear pierced earrings, have never found any clip ons that were comfortable, and loves the look of pretty earrings on other people, I am so happy to have found this. I will definitely look for others from this maker! <end>  Pretty but pinch the ears  These are beautiful earrings but they are too tight so you can't wear them very long. I love them they match everything but I can only wear them for about an hour. <end>
 B000PKLZ5O  1928 Jewelry Jet Beaded Y Drop Necklace ||	  Very Nice Necklace  I just needed a black drop necklace and came across this. I wasn't expecting much, but I really love it. It's simple yet dresses up whatever I wear it with. And the price was right. I'd love it in more colors. <end>  Classic/everyday wear  I have purchased this necklace twice. The first one I wore for about two and half years almost daily and it broke. I HAD to get another one. I wear it to work, night on the town, and even with my everyday casual wear with jeans. I love this necklace and as long as they keep making it, I will keep buying it! <end>
 B000PKLZ90  Brass-Tone Simulated Pearl & Bead Drop Earrings ||	  Sweet earrings  These earrings are very delicate and well made. I found them to be flattering. I found them to be very sweet. <end>
 B000PKNETY  1928 Jewelry Black Crystal Flower Button Earrings ||	  Super cute  There are a few more of the clear surrounding stones than pictured, but they're still pretty. I really like these earrings! <end>  Little Crystal for Friday night  These are a great size and even cutter then I thought they be. They add little something to a nice black dress on Friday night. I love them so much i wish they had them in other colors. <end>
 B000PKNEZ8  Siam Red Flower Drop Earrings ||	  These are so gorgeous!  I get complments on these all the time. They are simple, yet have this nice touch of garnet. Very vintage. They dangle around 1.5". You need different backs for them though because they come with the large plastic rimmed ones. <end>
 B000PKOUP6  Amazon.com  C192 4pack of Silk Knot Cufflinks - Blue/red/pink/purple  Clothing ||	  Colorful cufflinks at a great price  I have been shopping for silk knot cufflinks when I came across these on Amazon. They were at a reasonable price by the merchant and came at a good combination of colors. Many other places only offer one color at a time, or a combo of colors I would describe as "unusual."Many other places also had significantly higher price points. The Tie Bar was a place that had been featured in the Chicago Tribune for having stylish items of high quality for a reasonable price. Anyone looking to update their cufflinks collection or provide a neat gift for that office guy should check these out. At this price, you could afford to wear them often and not worry too much if something happens to them. <end>
 B000PKPCI0  1928 Jewelry Elegant Black Drop Earrings ||	  Miniscule  So disappointed in these earrings. They are cute but VERY, VERY small. The post is so small that is can easily slide thru your piercing and there is not much "drop"involved due to their size. <end>  Very Nice!  These are very nice! I actually expected them to be smaller, due to some of the other reviews. They are exactly the size I hoped they would be. The bigger bead is about the size of a large pea. I like them! <end>  Wife loved them  They were a little smaller than I expected, but seem well made and look nice. They matched a necklace my wife already had quite well. <end>
 B000PKPD9I  1928 Jewelry Moroccan Chandelier Tribal Earrings ||	  Very delicate and pretty...  These earring are lovely, but I lost one on first wearing (before buying the rubber ear nuts, reviewed separately). Liked them so much and since they were not expensive I ordered another pair. They arrived quickly, but one of the dangling pieces was attached backward. I just shrugged and combined the good ones which I now wear with the ear nuts. I gave it 4 stars because of the piece that was attached wrong, but they are truly beautiful. I've purchased several pairs of 1928 Jewelry from Amazon this year and love each one. <end>  Favorite costume jewelry, always a hit  I really like 1928 jewelry. Authentic-looking, fun earrings I will wear often. I have these earrings in a few different colors and stones. Good to wear, good to give as gifts. <end>  My favorites!  This is one of my favorite pairs of earrings. I've had them for years and they still look great. Love them! <end>  Very pretty  I really liked these earrings. However, i agree with one of the earlier reviews that I thought they would have been a little bigger. <end>  cute  I bought the green version and they are very cute! They're not too shinny, they do not look cheap, the color and the design are nice! I highly recommend them  ) <end>  Beautiful color, shape & size.  When I ordered these earrings I was concerned they might be to big. They were prettier than I expected & the size was just right! Being 59 years of age with very short hair the earrings were not overwhelming, simply gorgeous! <end>  Beautiful earrings!  These earrings are even more beautiful in person, I love them, they are the perfect size and look great on. I am so glad I got them! <end>  Beautiful earrings  I bought these as a Christmas gift for my mom, who's always on the lookout for interesting earrings. These appeared to fit the bill quite nicely. The picture doesn't quite do them justice - they really are quite beautiful. My only "criticism", if you want to call it that, is that they're a bit smaller than I expected. It was more of an issue for me than my mom, who thought they were just perfect. If you're looking for something different and very reasonably priced in jewelry, these would definitely be a good choice! <end>  Pretty  Very cute and lightweight, but not what I expected. I thought they would be a lot bigger and they were not. I will keep because I did get compliments on them. I think the color is really pretty and I would recommend to other buyers but please be aware that they are not going to be very big if you are looking for a dangley pair! <end>  Pretty but small  I liked the earrings. They are smaller than anticipated and a bit pricey but pretty nonetheless. What I like about them is that they have an antique look to it, but if you have sensitive ears to fake jewelry (like I do), they can cause an allergic reaction. Best to spray them with Krylon Crystal Clear Acrylic spray or coat the part that goes in the ear with something else if you're going to use them for a long time. <end>  Why don't I ever learn?  When They say this earring is 1 1/2 inches long...that includes the part that goes through your ear. Even then, I'm not sure the earring is an inch long. They are TINY. Don't buy jewelry on amazon. <end>  item is smaller then I expected  I thought item would be longer. I know it has measurements so make sure to thouroughly review them prior to purchasing. Because I did expect item to be longer and they are very small earings. And a bit pricey for the size of item <end>  dissapointed  tthey are very pretty but much smaller then expected, as they loooked longer in the ad on screen. and are a gift or i would return them. <end>  Winner  1928 has done it again! I used to be able to get 1928 at my local Kohls, but Kohls no longer carries this brand. I went on line and ordered these. I love the size, having short hair and a smallish face. They are so wonderful, small, but they show up. I bought the green ones and I wear them frequently. They are so lovely. A real winner! <end>  Moroccan earrings  I was worried about ordering on line but these earrings are so much prettier than the picture! I have gone back and ordered several more items from 1928 for Christmas. Oh and the price was great! <end>  Pretty, NOT WORTH PRICE THOUGH  These earrings are pretty, but very very small, and they seem like they won't hold up over time (very light weight-could be negative or positive depending on how you look at it). I wouldn't buy them again for $16, maybe worth $7. <end>  Beautiful Earings  I am really pleased with my purchase of these earings! The two tones of green are beautiful and the earings themselves are just the right size - not so big that they would be too dressy for work, but sparkly enough to show up well next to my dark brown hair. And it's my birthstone! I highly recommend this product. <end>  Precious!  My granddaughter's birthday was complete when she opened her new pair of earrings. She has not taken them off since she put them on. Her birthstone is Peridot and she specifically had been asking for dangly earrings. These absolutely filled the bill. Thank you. <end>  So beautiful for the price!  Unbeatable value in these earrings. I get compliments on them all the time. Do yourself a favor and get them for yourself and a friend. The quality is lovely and they look like gypsy-inspired art. Now I am off to get a few more pairs! <end>  YES get these GORGEOUS earrings!  I LOVE these earrings. I wear them out with friends or to work. They make me feel so pretty! They are my new favorites to wear. Very satisfied with them. <end>  Beautiful earrings  These are not over-sized, and the details are lovely. This is one piece of Amazon jewelry that I am happy to give as a gift to my BFF. <end>  Twinkling Chandelier Earrings  I was a little hesitant to buy jewelry over the internet because it is difficult to tell what they really look like with just a picture. However when I found out it was 1928 jewelry, I figured I was safe. The earrings were beautiful but when I got the package, one of the earring backs was missing. <end>
 B000PKPDAC  Vintage Topaz Hues Crystal Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful  The picture shown here doesn't do these earrings justice. They sparkle beautifully in the light and are small enough to wear to work. I would definitely recommend these. <end>  Earrings  This is the first time I have bought something like this on the internet. I wasn't really sure what I would get, but I was very pleased with the item. It is exactly what was advertised, the colors are lovely, and not a scratch on them. I will be looking for more vintage items again. <end>  Necklace?  I love the earrings and want to order them but does anyone know if there is a matching necklace that goes with these earrings? <end>
 B000PL1H5G  Knife/Scissors Clip Watch with LED Light ||	  Great gift  Bought this as a gift. Has all the essentials. Scissors, knife, screwdriver, and light. It very very durable and it makes a great gift. I recommend it. <end>  What I expected and more.  Great Product ! Well built and very Weighty.Scissors are for little jobs, not surprised by there size, but useful in a pinch. The knife also for little jobs and sharp.All the gadgets on this thing is wonderful and an attention getter, if you know what I mean. I take it out... and the next thing you know someone asks to see it.They all like it.I'm very happy and so is my son.... I bought 2 of them in different colors.Great Product.Dave DeeCamp PhoenixKabul, Afghanistan <end>
 B000PLIPJW  Amazon.com  Assorted Fashion Necklace 10 Pack  Clothing ||	  Good price  The amount for the money is good, I just wish the variety I received was more like what's pictured here.. <end>
 B000PO1LVI  Clearly Charming Army Logo Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Clear and nice  These charms are all slightly difficult to put on, but this one was nice, clear and to the point. Nothing fancy, but for those who love the army or have a loved one in the army (like my nephew), it gets the point across. <end>
 B000PO39R2  Sterling Silver Fairy Amber Post Back Threader Earrings ||	  Cute artwork- great amber, smart purchase!  This was a smart purchase. The price is great, the amber is a nice dark colored one that matches a baltic amber necklace I had, the fairies are very delicate, well shaped and with beautiful accents in the wings. No allergies with the sterling silver posts.Amazingly fast deliver, delicately and safely packed, what else could you expect. <end>
 B000PP2JCM  SCER170 Sterling Silver Blue Butterfly Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Swarovski Butterfly Earrings - Colors Available - Pink, Purple & Blue  I love these earrings for my 5 1/2 year old daughter! I purchased one of each color and she loves matching them to what she is wearing. These are excellent for children! <end>  Love these!  My 7 year old loves these. She feels more grown up because they are dangles, but they are still small enough to be appropriate for younger kids. Quality is good. <end>  delicate earrings  my 9 year old loves these earrings, she has received many compliments about them at school, also I have to say they are really unique, have a perfect finish and delicate look, my daughter and I are very satisfied with this purchase <end>  Excellent Purchase  Gave these earrings in blue to my niece for Christmas who is 10. She loves them. They look amazing on her and are so beautiful shining through her hair. This product came quickly and packaged nicely. I highly recommend this vendor and the product they sell. <end>  Beautiful! Perfect gift!  These earrings are so pretty and delicate - perfect for my 9 year old "girly-girl". They shipped quickly, were packaged appropriately. The Price was reasonable for excellent quality.  ) <end>  beautiful  the perfect earring for my 7 and 9 year olds. they absolutely loved them, the are a beautiful color and the perfect size <end>  Cute but very small  I was surprised how small these were. I bought them for a little girl, but still, very small. Pretty color. The posts also were very long for how small the actual butterflies were. <end>  Okay...  I ordered these based on the positive reviews as a gift for a 7-yr old girl. They are definitely very small, almost translucent compared to the photo, and are a bit flimsy. One of the earrings arrived with a bent post, so the backing does not slide on well and is crooked. Not really sure it's suitable to give as a gift. Not worth the price. <end>  cute for girl  got these for my 10 1/2 year old daughter, they are cute but small. I think they are perfect for a girl, she likes to wear dangly earrings but her school wont allow it, these are small so they don't hang down far and she can wear them. Cute for girl, but not for adult. <end>  PERFECT FOR 5-YR old Granddaughter  I bought these earrings for my 5-year old granddaughter 6 months ago and she loves them. She wears them everyday and sleeps in them. Have held up well. We think they are special as they are dangles. They are beautiful. <end>  Gentle butterflies  These are well made delicate crystal earrings in soft colors. They are perfect for a young lady or for a woman who likes a smaller size earring with a little dangle to it. <end>  Too small  When I received these earrings today, I was disappointed with the size. They are extremely tiny, just a bit bigger than a grain of rice. <end>
 B000PQZ4PK  Clearly Charming Smiling Frog Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  It's not a plague of Egypt thankfully  I got this for my wife for her birthday along with a few others because she likes these sort of bracelets. This one was solid and nicely crafted. I would recommend to anyone that is into this sort of hobby and likes frogs. It is tough getting to latch to the other links, so I would recommend one of the tools that is used for putting them together. My eyes cross just thinking of trying to put these together without one. <end>
 B000PR8RPI  Parents & 4 Children Loving Family Necklace ||	  Family Pendant  Bought this necklace as a gesture to my girlfriend when our families blended last year.She is horrible about necklaces, would rather opt to wear them everyday without ever taking them off to clean them, UGH!I managed to get it away from her and needless to say, almost a year of constant wear hasn't really bothered it so much. <end>  Parents & 4 Children Loving Family Necklace  A product with original design, beautiful and modern!I really liked it!Parents & 4 Children Loving Family Necklace <end>
 B000PRJ26G  Wide Southwestern Style Whirlwind Design Band Ring in Sterling Silver and Chip Inlay Turquoise for Men or Women, Size 8, #10827 ||	  Awesome ring!  I got this ring for my husband. It is beautiful, and he loves it. Taos Trading gives _excellent_ service, also. I was a bit off on my husband's ring size, but the service provided in exchanging the ring for the correct size was excellent -- fast, friendly, very accommodating. I highly recommend Taos Trading and their products! <end>  turquoise&sterling silver inlaid band ring  I am very pleased with the ring. It was a gift to my husband and he loved it!! It was so easy to purchase and it arrived in plenty of time.Thank you!Sincerely,Lois Garbarini <end>
 B000PSROA6  Sterling Silver Bars & Beads Bracelet 7" ||	  Gift, matches another gift  Came perfectly packed in a lovely gift-worthy box. Will be a gift for the person who got the matching necklace! I would not hesitate to order from Netaya in the future. Thank you! <end>
 B000PSXLDA  14k Yellow Gold Heart Shaped Mother's Day Cameo Pendant ||	  very pretty!  I liked the intricate metal work on this piece. The cameo is beautiful - I love the use of the blue agate. The mother and child are sweet and charming. I bought this for a gift for Christmas . Very fast service. Good price. <end>
 B000PSZP48  Necklace - N95 - Murano Glass Style - Small Triangle ~ Aqua, White & Gold ||	  Beautiful  This is beautiful, much nicer than in the picture. It's very light and the cord is pretty comfortable. It's also excellent value, and there was free shipping, too. I am very happy with this necklace. <end>
 B000PTJHPA  Amazon.com  Authentic Larimar and Silver Jewelry  Clothing ||	  Stunning!  This jewelry set is absolutely stunning. I was more than pleased with it in every aspect. <end>
 B000PUOR7C  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1.5  4g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Perfect to hide your gauged holes when you have an interview!  I bought a pair of these a while back when I was getting ready for an interview. I know how to look professional from time to time, and felt the need to hide my gauges for this particular interview. Needless to say, I got the job. These silicone hider plugs did the trick perfectly. Only downfall is you have to buy them separately. <end>
 B000PUS4QM  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1.5  00g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  wonderful  This plug is really comfortable and soft, it is easy to put in and you can barely see it from a distance. <end>  Nice addition to my collection.  I researched the best I could to choose between the 1, 1.5, and 2 shade. I ended up with the 1.5 shade because another Hong Kong - Cantonese woman said it worked well for her. For me, it is a pretty good hider from a few feet away but not face to face, and that is fine. I used a push pin to pierce the silicone plug to wear standard earrings. <end>  Works  )  Not exact but no one can notice them unless they know they are there plus my employer loves them. I'd recommend them to anyone who needs to hide there ears for work or other reasons <end>  Does well, no backing.  These plugs are okay. Be warned there is no backing to them, as in, they are flesh tunnels with one end closed off. So, from behind you will still have a hole in your ear. They are very comfortable and the color is okay. <end>
 B000PUS4W6  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 2  0g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  You really have to have long hair  Anything you put in your ears is noticeable. The front still looks somewhat like a blank earing laying on the earlobe suface, especially at 0g where it doesn't sit flush in some places of the earlobe. And the back looks like you have some sort of prosthetic plug stuck in your earlobe. Long hair is key... <end>  great for work  these are great for work and i do a lot of face to face sales with very important clients and they never notice. just be careful with the colors they are very light, a lot lighter than they look on light if you have any thing more than a light tan get the darker ones (2) <end>
 B000PUTILC  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1  6g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  they match my skin color  they are perfect match to my skin color and they look seem-less so so i am very happy with this purchase <end>
 B000PUV6U8  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1.5  5/8", Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Gets the job done  If you work in a professional environment and want/need to cover up the fact that you have large holes in your ears, these will get the job done. no, your ears aren't suddenly going to look as though they are healed completely but from a distance, they won't be very noticeable. the color is actually pretty accurate, it was a little dark for me, i got it based on other reviews of the &#34;1&#34; being too light, though i might get that shade next time. I had tried to get a gauge smaller than what i normally wear so my earlobe looked closer to a normal size, but it did not fare well in a physical work environment. the lip is really small on them so they can fall out a little easier than some others, i lost one within three days of work, though hopefully with a tighter fit they will stay in a bit better. for me, it will be worth it to try the lighter shade in a larger size, even after losing one very quickly <end>  Perfect!! ...  My son needed these for work.. He didnt wanna let them close up. but, his boss insisted..  ) they really worked well. cant really even tell he has them. ty <end>
 B000PVEN48  Twisted Spiral with Chain and Ball Drop Dangle Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Lovely  The earrings were absolutely lovely. Casual and elegant. I would recommend these to anyone.  ) <end>  Earrings that get attention  I just love these earrings! I have had so many compliments on them. Light and comfortable and fun to wear. <end>  Great for a Gift  The earrings are really cute, they look really great on my girlfriend. Prefect for gifts.I would buy again from them. <end>  pretty, but a little small  these are really cute earrings, but they are a little smaller than what the picture depicts - although had i read the description, i probably would have known that. Otherwise, they are super cute! <end>  Unique earrings  I purchased these as a Christmas gift and the recipient was VERY pleased as was I.Jeanne <end>  Loved them but....  I should have known better after reading the reviews to check the connections of where the chain hooks in to make sure it was closed shut. I loved these and wore them often. Just this past week I went to take them off and the one was missing the chain and ball - ugh! I've made jewelry and have the tools I could have tightened it and closed the loop. I just never thought to look. I liked them so much I think I'm going to break down and buy another pair since they weren't that much money. Just wish I could be buying a new pair and not the same earrings.. Guess if it happens again even if I tighten them I'll have a spare! <end>  Cheap looking earrings  The picture is very misleading. The earrings are very tiny and after wearing them twice, they look as though they are tarnishing. They look very cheap and honestly aren't worth it. <end>  LOVE these earrings!  I added these to my wish list this year while browsing through earrings.. I can't say enough how glad I was to have received them as a gift. They look even more delicate and elegant in person. I have received countless compliments on them, and cannot believe the reasonable cost on these earrings. I haven't gotten such unique and affordable silver jewelry in the US ever! At this price these are the kind of earrings I would have expected to get while traveling in places like Guatemala, Thailand, Indonesia, or Honduras. <end>  Ball hangs lower than pictures  If I could, I would rate these 3.5, but I rounded up. I love the earrings as pictures, but the ones I received have a longer chain so the ball hangs about a centimeter longer than shown in the picture. Instead of the spiral surrounding a hanging ball, it looks more like a spiral around a chain with the ball hanging much lower. I still wear them, but I think the chain length makes them a bit more casual and less classy than they look in the picture.Additionally, Silver Insanity - the vendor - was a pleasure to deal with, and I received a personal email from them about shipping before Amazon emailed me to let me know it had shipped. Some companies don't bother with contacting you unless there's a problem, so it was a nice touch. These arrived more quickly than I expected, packaged in a small box with my other earrings. Each pair was in a small plastic bag, and I loved them all! <end>  Good gift  These were a X-mas gift for a 22 yr old woman. They came in a gift pouch. When they arrived, I almost kept them for myself. She loved them. I was very pleased with them. <end>  Reminder that these are only 1 1/2 inches long  These are definitely a scaled version of what you get in the picture. However, with purchasing quite a bit of my jewelry online, I always check it's actual length before buying. They make a statement without being too large. If you missed where it states the length in the description, they are 1.5 inches long. Still, such a fabulous deal! <end>  not worth the money  They look cheap, much smaller than the picture shows, very fragile, they broke when I got them out of the box, i did not wear them even once, do not recomend them , not worth the price <end>  Great earings that can be worn at work!  These earings are very elegant and I even wear them to work. They do not look cheap at all and my colleagues asked me where I purchased them! <end>  Chain on silver ball twice as long  I thought these earrings were cute and still do, as they are pictured. However, the pair I received (Dec 2009) had a chain that was twice as long as it should be. The earrings didn't look right. I contacted the seller and they offered to replace it, but, the cost of sending it back was as much as the earrings, so it wasn't worth it. Hope yours looks like the picture. <end>  Great Gift  I had added these to my wishlist and forgotten about them when I received them as a gift. They are beautiful and came in a small bag tucked inside of a small box. It was a great presentation for a gift. I love wearing these with all types of outfits. They aren't too dressy to wear with jeans or to casual to wear to a formal event. I love the versatility of these earrings. The only thing that gets a little annoying is that the chain that dangles in the middle sometimes get wrapped around the larger swirly part. It doesn't hurt the earrings, but just looks a little silly if you don't fix it. I still give them 5 stars! <end>  kls2010  I was a little disappointed as the picture showed a very dainty elegant earring but when I receive it, it did not look either elegant or dainty. The wires are very very thin and the chain with the ball is quite longer than shown which just makes it look less attractive.The balls have a tendency to get tangled in the wires with normal movement. I kept them but I wasn't thrilled with them. Haven't gotten any comments either. <end>  Very good product!  Earrings look really pretty! The design is so unique! They would have been perfect if they were just a little bigger. <end>  Don't Waste Your Money!  Horrible!! These earrings are cheaply make & were broken when they arrived. The only correspondence I recieved with the earrings was a small receipt with an email address to email if you have problems. I emailed the company twice and never heard back. I ended up just throwing the earrings out and wasting my money. <end>  Fooled Me  I have to say I was very dissapointed in these earings. They are very pretty, however the hook of the earing is so cheap whatever comes in contact with it will bend it. It seems to be such a soft material that it Cannot hold its shape. The earings are useless to me now. I can"t even try to get them back into shape, thats how bad they are misshaped. <end>  too dainty  I really liked the earrings, but they are too dainty. The chain with the ball constantly gets tangled in the rest of the earring. Right now, they are knotted and I can't get them untied..... <end>  Too cute!!  These earings are really cute, especially when I wear my hair up. They're not too gaudy, but have a certain flair to them. Good quality, great price!! <end>  Twisted Spiral with Chain and Ball Drop Dangle Earrings  I love these earrings, the only problem I had with them was the ball and chain fell off, but I still love the look of them without it! <end>  nice ear rings  I got these for my sister-in-law and she loved them! They are very pretty and well made. <end>  cuteness.  the chain with the ball on it was a little longer then the picture leads you to believe. but they are cute non-the-less. and you cant beat the price! <end>  Love them;  I love these earings they are so light and comfortable. The perfect size. I will be ordering from you again. <end>  Twisted spiral with chain and ball drop earrings  This is my second purchase from this company and I just love the quality of their products. They ship very quickly and the products are in perfect condition when they arrive. I do have to say that I thought the earrings looked a little different from the picture depicted with the spiral part of the earring but I do still like them very much. I will definitely buy from this company on Amazon again. <end>  Broke before I got to wear them.  Beautiful, but way too dainty and fragile. One of them broke when I took it out of the packaging and I never got to wear these earrings. <end>  Beatifull but very small  These earings are fine, are cheap, but the picture make you think that they are a quite bigger than they are. <end>  size is everything  OK, I'm sure by now that you know that I'm always complaining that they look smaller than pictured, But I think that some of the beauty of this unusual design is lost in the diminuitive size. They are very delicateand fragile and beautiful and small. My daughter loves hers. <end>  Lovely  These are great! I wear them with suits and jeans; they are so versatile. The perfect size and perfect price. <end>  spiral earrings  THE EARRINGS ARE VERY PRETTY, WHEN I PUT THEM ON AND WAS HAVING A LOOK, I NOTICED THEY WERE BOTH GOING IN THE SAME DIRECTION, NOT WITH A RIGHT AND LEFT, MAYBE, I GOT THE ONLY PAIR THAT WAS TWISTING IN THE SAME DIRECTION, ALL I DID WAS OPEN THE LOOP, AND TURN THE SPIRAL THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION,WHEN I BENT IT BACK IT WAS NOT AS NEAT A JOB, AS BEFORE. BUT THAT IS OK, THEY ARE STILL PRETTY, AND I ENJOY WEARING THEM, AND AM THINKING ABOUT ORDERING ANOTHER PAIR. THEY ARRIVED PROMPTLY. JEANNE <end>  so nice and okay  I was disappointed by its size but are very beautiful and different ... The explanation of this article is poor and inadequate, its price is very good and excellent quality. I recommend it for a gift for people of taste subtle and delicate <end>  Earrings  Well I really liked these earrings in the pictures, but after a few times wearing them, the little chain with the ball fell off. Needless to say I wasn't really impressed with the quality. I received them for Christmas, and they broke before January was over. Do not recommend. <end>  Lovely  i like it. This earrings are lovely, small and delicate. I recommend this product 100%. are perfect for all occasions <end>  nice earrings  Very pretty, lightweight and original. Everyone notices them. Good buy! Would make a good present too. ++++ +++ ++ + <end>
 B000PVG6NY  Sterling Silver 9mm Fuschia Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Great earrings!  I love these earrings! Light weight so doesn't drag on your ears. The lever back closure is great. Good quality and reasonably priced. Great product! <end>  beautiful "deep" color!  I love this color! and I just got them on 5/22/09 wore them to a cookout on 5/23/09 and got alot of compliments on them! <end>
 B000PW0T1S  18K Rose Gold over Sterling Silver Garnet 6x4 Oval Stud Earrings ||	  cheesy  The stone in one earring is chipped. It arrived in this condition. No provisions are made to return merchandise or receive a refund. I will take my chances and send these back and just hope I get satisfaction. <end>
 B000PWC7BS  Sterling Silver Gold Dragonfly Ring ||	  Dragon Fly Ring  Love this ring! I ordered the wrong size, sent it back and within a week I had the right size delivered. I've had many compliments on this ring! <end>
 B000PWDOS8  Sterling Silver Waning Crescent CZ Moon Pendant ||	  Very nice!  Ok, so far, I am really liking EvesAddiction. I have ordered a few pendants from them and they are all fairly priced, good quality, and arrive just as pictured.This pendant is just as shown and absolutely beautiful. I have gotten several compliments on it. It is nickel free (the skin on my neck would inform me if it weren't) and easy to clean. Their jewelry also arrives nicely packaged and in a cute little bag that I always feel bad about throwing away..I am satisfied! <end>  Gorgeous!  I received this as a Christmas present. It is so beautiful! So many people have complimented it too! The moon is about 35mm long, or about an inch and a half. It is so thin and dainty. I will cherish this for many years to come. <end>  Very nice  Necklace just as pictured. Lovely, delicate moon sliver with hidden bail at back. Not too blingy, just enough sparkle. Lays flat and is very pretty on. Skinny, fine chain goes well with the pendant. Clasp is a little difficult, but not frustratingly so. Seems well made for the price. I want it in gold too. <end>  SIMPLE ELEGANCE  I had recently ordered and received a crescent pendant from a TV shopping channel. It was real gem stones and triple the cost, but was simply not worthit it in either the look or the quality of the piece. This one definitely is. The pendant appears to be well made, the stones are properly set and the chain has an extender, which a lot of people like. It's a lovely piece for any one who's a "moon girl" or just wants a believable CZ piece for day or evening. <end>
 B000PWDUU0  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Ring ||	  POS! JUNK, JUNK, JUNK!!!  This is the junkiest piece of jewelry, if you can even call it jewelry, I have ever owned. Not to mention they are totally ripping off Tiffany's. I got this as a gift, only wore it once and my finger broke out in a HORRIBLE rash that didn't go away for about a week. My finger was practically raw all the way around. "Some may ask are you allergic to silver?" No! Not at all, I have several pieces of sterling silver and have never had any problems. Or "Are you allergic to rhodium plating?" Again, No! I own a lot of white gold in fact my wedding ring & engagement ring are white gold & I have had them plated more than a few times!Thinking that it may be something they overlay on the "jewelry" I called Eve's Addiction asking them what if any thing I could do or they would be willing to do. They said some of their pieces are rhodium plated (but they couldn't tell me if this ring was or not???). They told me I was allergic to silver or the rhodium (hahaha) and I should paint the entire ring with clear nail polish!?! WTF! I said No, I would just like to return it, they said since I had worn the ring that was not possible! So after talking with a supposed supervisor and explaining the situation they said I could send it back for an exchange! HA! Why would I want another piece of JUNK. Needless to say I was frustrated. I declined getting another piece of junk and hung on to it.After about a month I thought I would try to wear it again, same as before a horrible rash and this time the ring on the inside was pitted and looked like some cheap nickel based ring from Claire's after it has been worn about 100 times. So again I called thinking this time they would just offer a refund. Not so! They said they only have a 30 day return policy. Fine sure whatever, the ring was trash and that is where I put it!Don't waste your money on Eve's Addiction "jewelry". It is definitely not sterling, no matter what they claim.I later purchased the same style ring from Tiffany, and of course no problems what-so-ever, as with all of my actual sterling jewelry.This is not the first piece of jewelry from Eve's that I have had the same problem with, this was just the most severe reaction I've had to their junk. I'm hoping that enough people will complain about their rude service and terrible jewelry so that they will go under! I only wish i could give a 0 star rating!!! <end>  quite a statement  I was thrilled to get this beautiful bold statement in silver. This is no skimpy piece of silver. It is well done and an attention getter <end>  Great for your money!!  I bought this piece as an everyday ring and I am very pleased with it. Obviously its not Tiffany quality but it is very durable and you can't tell the difference if you look at it. It buffs up nicely even with a t-shirt and you can't beat the price. I was skeptical at first but I am very happy with this purchase. Biggest advice - go almost a half step larger then your ring size bc it is a girthy ring. <end>
 B000PWEST2  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Amethyst stone oval stud Earrings ||	  Beautiful!!  I love these earrings and have not taken them off for a week. They are comfortable, the perfect size and really really pretty. Not too dark or light, just exactly what I was looking for in the perfect shade of purple. They are quality constructed and the backings have held them just fine for the whole week. I highly recommend these earrings for yourself or as a gift. You will not be disappointed. <end>  Very Pleased  Received on time and very happy with them. Nice color and the size is just right. <end>
 B000PWW8QW  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Blue Topaz stone oval stud Earrings ||	  A little disappointed  I received my earrings on time-they were one of many that I ordered. I sent them back for a replacement-one was almost clear, the other had a little bluish tint. I've ordered blue topaz earrings from them before-so maybe this was just a bad batch or the checker didn't match them well. <end>
 B000PX0TP8  Earrings - Amber and Brass Sun Symbols ||	  Amber sunshine  The photo is perfect, as these earrings shimmer. The craftsmanship is fabulous. People always want to see them up close. These are beautiful. A unique design and attention getter. A wonderful setting for amber. Another great pair of earrings from Curious Designs. <end>
 B000PXUA0M  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver Purple CZ 6mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  ok  It is ok, not really great, but not really bad either. The gold playing seems a little uneven. But considering the price, well worth it. <end>
 B000PY2TIC  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (2.00 cttw equivalent), Size 8 ||	  Exquisite  This ring is astounding and you will not be disappointed with this piece. I received my ring yesterday and am very thrilled with the quality and craftmanship of the piece. I took this ring to the mall to compare it with their overpriced pieces and I am so excited about the deal that I was able to get on this ring. It is gorgeous and I saved a lot of money. All of the jewelers were in disbelief by the price that I paid, question the authenticity of it and were very snooty when I shared the price with them. I have to say that I am very happy that I have this ring, and have wanted it for a long time. The smaller carat weights cost more than this one, so if you can afford to get it, grab it and wear it like a queen. <end>
 B000PYJHG4  Tagua Nut Green Pendant-2-Piece Tagua "Good in a Nutshell Pendant [2-Piece Tagua - Green]" ||	  LOVE IT  I'm a bargin shopper so $20 on one piece was a little pricey for me but it was SO worth it. The coloring is vivid and the hues vary slightly, and the back sides of the pendants are darker than the fronts by just a bit. Because it's adjustable it can be worn many different ways, my favorite is as a choker. The pendant's total about 3", so as a choker it lays beautifully against the upper part of my chest. It goes will with any earth tones, brown in particular because of the high contrast. I'm glad I treated myself to this piece, I'm very very happy with it! <end>  Beautiful, different, versatile  The color of the necklace I received is a rich green, not too dark. The tagua nut leaves traces of wood-like swirls and texture throughout really making this piece stand out. It is deceptively light, and while very long, I had no problem shortening using the provided bead at the back to hold it in place. It could be worn very short or left to its full length (about abdomen length on me). I did find the cord a tad bit stiff and scratchy, so if you are sensitive, be warned. Otherwise, I would HIGHLY recommend this piece. <end>
 B000PYJIIG  Coconut Shell Necklace-Long "Go Nuts for Fair Trade! Necklace [Long]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  weird  this is just really super long and awkward looking. i never wore it; i hate it. <end>
 B000PYJISG  Bamboo and Seeds Red Choker "Amazon Harvest Choker [Red/Brown]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  just right  i bought these for two little girls that have know a hard life. i wanted them to know how they can wear these and know maybe someone like them made them and they mean something more then just a choker to wear. they said they would wear them all the time and understood the meaning behind them.thanks <end>
 B000PYMELE  Wood Brown Bangle "Wood for Good Bangle [Brown]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Nice bracelet  I was looking for an affordable wooden bracelet, and this one is it, with a twist. It is made of solid wood, yet very light. I like the fact it is a fair trade item, and that my money is going to a good cause. <end>
 B000PYN6RA  Confine Greco Collar Bar by Competition - Gold Metal ||	  Did not last  Only lasted a dozen uses before it stopped hanging on well. I would not bother with this product. In this case quality does matter 100%. <end>
 B000PYOG7O  Glass Beads and Wire Green Cuff "Freedom Cuffs Cuff [Green]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Bright green cuff! Cute but BIG!  One caveat with this product is that it is hand made, so with that in mind - I could have just gotten a REALLY big one. Plus, I have really small wrists - that said, I would need to trim about 1.5 inches off the cuff I received to be able to wear it. If you have larger wrists, I would definitely recommend it, as it is cute and a bargain. I really lovedBeads and Wire Orange Cuff-Opaque Beads "Beaded Bangle Cuff [Opaque Beads - Orange]", which had more interest by using two white stripes. <end>  Cute and cheap  For the price this is a bargain. You can't go wrong with this item it is one size fit all and it is cute. <end>
 B000PYUGEQ  Sterling Silver 23mm Wide Diamond Cut Marcasite Butterfly Polished Finish 4mm Band Ring Size 9 ||	  BEAUTIFUL RING  Even as an adult I love butterflies, and I have been searching for a butterfly ring (which has been a CHALLENGE because most look very child-like). I can now say "I have found what I was looking for!" This beautifully crafted ring has lots of detail, sparkles, and captures the delicacy of the butterfly...it is large without being flashy and allows me to express my unique style. I am VERY PLEASED with my purchase!!! <end>
 B000PZ9G8M  Isabella Cultured Pearl Drop Rose Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Necklace and Dangle Earrings Set - Various Colors ||	  good deal  I searched around on amazon and some local jewelery stores, and could not find any better for the price. It came much quicker than the estimated date of delivery. My girlfriend loved them, and she has already got compliments on them, the two bigger pearls on the necklace had a couple flaws, but the description did say that the pearls were moderately blemished. The only problem was where the chain on the necklace that attaches to the little silver rose, fell off fairly easily, (the first time this happened we thought it broke) because the gap on the eye hook was too big, but I took it to a jeweler and they crimped it close for free. But all the other eye hooks looked fine. <end>  Very pleased  My wife found this necklace and earring combination while looking for a birthday gift for our daughter. The pearls are a perfect size and attract attention, but in an understated way. The set even arrived quicker than expected, especially since it was ordered during the Christmas rush. We are very happy with the purchase and our daughter is very pleased with it as well. <end>  good deal  I searched around on amazon and some local jewelery stores, and could not find any better for the price. It came much quicker than the estimated date of delivery. My girlfriend loved them, and she has already got compliments on them, the two bigger pearls on the necklace had a couple flaws, but the description did say that the pearls were moderately blemished. The only problem was where the chain on the necklace that attaches to the little silver rose, fell off fairly easily, (the first time this happened we thought it broke) because the gap on the eye hook was too big, but I took it to a jeweler and they crimped it close for free. But all the other eye hooks looked fine. <end>  Very pleased  My wife found this necklace and earring combination while looking for a birthday gift for our daughter. The pearls are a perfect size and attract attention, but in an understated way. The set even arrived quicker than expected, especially since it was ordered during the Christmas rush. We are very happy with the purchase and our daughter is very pleased with it as well. <end>
 B000PZB5QI  Enhanced Black Cultured Pearl Necklace Strand Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver, Bracelet & Earrings Set ||	  STAY AWAY! Look like painted pearls - with paint peeling off!  These look great in the picture online but in reality the pearls look like they were covered with a black coat of paint and was peeling off in some parts. The packing also looked old. Disappointing. Probably the seller sent me a bad product. I had to go through some trouble with the seller to get a return shipping label. <end>  Roger Garrelts  I bought this matching set as a gift for my wife. I had never heard of Dahlia, but it turned out to be everything that I had hoped it would. I will do business with them again. <end>  A very great deal  I was very impressed with the item. The look of the pearls is amazing. The clasp looks great and is much better than a normal clasp. A very elegant yet affordable set. <end>
 B000PZB5RW  Peach Pink AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver Choker Necklace, Bracelet & Earrings Set ||	  My wife loved them  Very happy with the look and the quality. My wife noted that the string was knotted, and we were pleased that the lovely flower-shaped clasp was coated to avoid tarnishing. She's still having fun wearing variations on the set (wore just the earrings and bracelet today without the necklace).I had been concerned that the 18" "princess" length might be too short, but it turned out to be the perfect length for her. <end>
 B000PZC95Y  Natural Grade A Jadeite Jade Carved Design Bead Cord Bracelet - Various Design ||	  Beautiful and stylish bracelet  This bracelet is so beautiful! You can tell it was hand-crafted and it was made so well! I bought this for my sister and she absolutely loved it! The quality of the jade, the way it was carved and the way it was all put together and woven into a bracelet is great.This bracelet is simple, yet it's so beautiful and very stylish! <end>  I ADORE this bracelet  I thought it was just another cute bracelet when i bought and i was right. It's so adorable i wear it almost everyday. I think come gift time i knkow a few people who would adore it almost as much if not more than i do! <end>  very unique  If you love unique, if you love jade, you will love this bracelet. It is adjustable with the strings which is great for my small wrist. cool bracelet! <end>  Gorgeous, Delicate, Unique, Darling Bracelet  I have large wrists and yet this dainty delicate bracelet fit and made me feel girlie. It is elegant and looks to be of a high quality stone and made so well. I can't believe how inexpensive it was! I will treasure this. I highly recommend this bracelet. It came in a great little bag too. <end>  Natural Grade A Jadeite Jade Adorning Heart and Jade Beads Multi Colored Woven Silk Adjustable Thread Bracelet  EXCELLENT JADE BRACELET- If you are looking for a really nice gift this by far is one you can not pass up for the price! I gave this as a gift to my Daughter for Christmas and she put it on her wrist and wears it all the time! It is extremely well designed,durable, and it is made to last for a long time! I definitely would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a gift or wants a wrist bracelet that is casual and is worth the price! The Seller was quick to send without any issues and I have definitely bookmarked this item for future purchases! <end>  Beautiful bracelet!  I just received this as a gift and it is beautiful. I received many compliments on it, as it looks so unique. The best part is that I am able to wear this with casual clothing, or a dressy look. <end>  Very Pretty  This is a very pretty little bracelet. I purchased it as a gift for a friend. It is quite small, but she has small hands so that was not a problem. It is eye catching and attractive when worn. I do emphasize, this is a small thread bracelet, so one's hand size should be kept in mind before purchasing. I do recommend it though, because it is so pretty and so is the little drawstring bag it came in. <end>  beautifull  when i first got it i was so happy that i bought it, the box was very nice , and the bracelet itself is much more beautiful in person than it was online. it is a work of art, the flower is very pretty and the colors are so vivid. the ajusting part seems very strong too, and it work very well, worth every penny. <end>  Perfect!  This is a beautiful bracelet! The flower is not too big or too small, it's just perfect. The cord is very good quality and I do not see it wearing out any time soon. The beads are really nice looking as well. Note that the white beads are somewhat translucent and the red beads are a gorgeous deep blood red. I would buy this product in all different colors if I could! It is very nice quality and does not look cheap at all. <end>  Very pretty and unique  I loved this bracelet as soon as I saw it and am so glad I bought it. It is made very well and the price is reasonable. My only complaints -- and minor ones at that -- are that the flower is slighty too heavy and as a result it turns a lot on the wrist. Also, my wrist is small and this is just a little too large. But i like that it moves up and down the arm. Its quite unique and I have gotten so many compliments on it. The red is a perfect shade. Not too orange as you find sometimes. Its great for everyday wear, but I have also worn it with a black more dressy outfit and it really stands out. Very pretty and different. <end>  Beautiful  The bracelet looked great on the computer screen but when I actually recieved it and held it in my hands it was breathtaking. The craftmanship on it was beautiful. Highly recommend this seller for anyone looking for a gift or looking to expand their jewlery collection. <end>  Beautiful  This bracelet looks better in person than it does in the picture. The craftsmanship is wonderful and the flowers seem very secure. I'd buy from them again in a heartbeat! <end>  A lovely gift  I purchased this gift for my brother's fianc&eacute;e for Christmas. I was pleasantly surprised at how beautiful it was in person when it arrived. It looks much more expensive than the $30 I paid for it. It arrived promptly and didn't need to be wrapped since it came in a pretty little silk bag. Also, it came incased in a tiny plastic Ziploc bag inside the silk bag - I assume so that just in case it was damaged in transit none of the beads would get lost.I have to admit I was very nervous about ordering jewelry on the internet for two reasons  first, I wouldn't be able to see it until it arrived on Christmas Eve and second, this was the first gift I was purchasing for my future sister-in-law. However, the bracelet is lovely and she really loved it - as did my brother and everyone else who saw it.Pros  It looks more expensive than it. It seems to be well constructed. The proportions of the jade flower to the garnet center to the cord are all well balanced. It's versatile in that it can be worn with jeans or something a bit dressier. The cord is easily adjustable.Con  The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it looks and fits best on ladies with very small wrists. I don't mean child-size (although it could fit an older child). It just seems as though it would be a bit snug on someone that has medium to large wrists.I really love this bracelet. I would absolutely give it or one of the other styles as a gift again. I am thinking of purchasing a different style for myself. <end>  Beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I love this product... It has an earthy tone which I love and the color of the jade stone was beautiful. I was surprised by the quality. The jade is pretty hefty and not thin like some other jade stone bracelets you can buy. What's best is it can be worn with almost anything. I would highly recommend this product and am definitely looking into to buying the Orion's belt jade bracelet as a gift for a friend. GREAT BRACELET!!!!!!!!! <end>  Lovely, just LOVELY  I cannot say enough about this piece, it's simple and beautiful. I have a small wrist so this draw string type of closure was right up my alley. Simple Elegance, if you are looking for that....then you found it! <end>  Beautiful bracelet.  I love this little bracelet. It is so cute and it feels really comfortable on. I have received lots of compliments. Great price for a good product. <end>  It fell apart  I loved the bracelet, it was beautiful. I wore it for a few weeks when it started to unravel. I am very upset because people really noticed it and liked it. Plus I really liked it. Sot I'm very disappointed. <end>  beautifull bracelet  i needed a special gift for my sister, and i found it! the bracelet is beautiful, the craftsmanship is great, and the bracelet itself is strong despite the gentle apperance. the silk thread has a special look, and the ajustable part of it works good . it came in a really nice box, very impressive as a gift. <end>  Very pretty, small flowers  The flowers I got on my bracelet are definitely smaller than the bracelet in the picture. While I still love this I wish Amazon would not take pictures of its jewelery to make people think they are getting one thing and then they receive another. On the bright side, this seems to be very well constructed and the thread has a pretty sheen to it. the adjustment part also works well. Maybe it was the angle of the picture, but do not expect these to be BIG jade flowers. <end>  Very cute bracelet!!!  Just love it.it's beautiful. The three jade flowers were caved very nice. Natural white jade flower with red bead in the middle makes an elegant design. The adjustable thread does a very good job and the pattern of it is simply lovely. <end>  Better in person!  I just got this in the mail today after the speediest delivery ever. This bracelet is so pretty and the craftsmanship is wonderful. I know a few customers were mentioning how small the actual flowers were, but mine looks exactly like the pictures. I think the flowers are the perfect size. I'm thinking of ordering another so I can have a twin set. They'd look great together like that. Great piece if you're looking to expand your jade collection! <end>  Gift for my niece  She loved it and so did I! It was a bit pricey but it was very attractive and fit the wrist well as it was totally adjustable. I would order from this site again! <end>
 B000PZEDIU  Peach Pink AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver Choker Necklace, Bracelet & Earrings Set ||	  My wife loved them  Very happy with the look and the quality. My wife noted that the string was knotted, and we were pleased that the lovely flower-shaped clasp was coated to avoid tarnishing. She's still having fun wearing variations on the set (wore just the earrings and bracelet today without the necklace).I had been concerned that the 18" "princess" length might be too short, but it turned out to be the perfect length for her. <end>
 B000PZEDJ4  Multi-strands Silver Heart Crystal Black/White Cultured Pearl Lariat with Black/White Dangle Earrings Set ||	  The picture does not do the jewelry justice.  The necklace and earrings are so much prettier than the picture on the web. They are fantastic. I was extrememly pleased with them. I was ambivalent about pearls in general until I ran across this set. I knew as soon as I saw them, I had to have them. <end>  Absolutely lovely and worth the money!  Absolutely lovely and worth the money! I got lot of accomplishment every time I wear it. The necklace has 4 strands of silver chain and 8 pearls with a beautiful heart-shaped slider. The earrings have 10 pearls hanging down from 10 silver chains. Highly recommended! The only suggestion to the seller is taking a better picture as it's much prettier than what shows by this picture. <end>
 B000Q0AZBS  CZ Engagement Rings - BIG 14K Gold Plated 4.38 Carats CZ Engagement Ring - Size 8 ||	  lyn of Atlanta  I was shock to see how beautiful this ring is, you need to see it, it exceeded all of my expectations. the stone is clear and sparklely. This ring is very believable. I would recommend this ring to all of my girl friends, this one is a Wow! <end>  Beautiful ring!  My husband and I have been married 13 years. I've gained weight and my fingers are larger than when we married. I went from a 7 to a 9 on my ring finger. I had been looking for a replacement ring, and I found this one. It was so pretty in the picture that I had to buy it. When I got it, it was even prettier than I had imagined! It is gorgeous! I have many compliments on it. <end>
 B000Q0CXFY  CZ Wedding Rings - Solitaire CZ with Leaves Design CZ Wedding Set ||	  Its pretty but...  Its a very pretty ring but within days of receiving it the coating wore off it to show the brass underneath.. Not happy at all! Rated 2 stars because it is very pretty <end>  Beautiful Ring!  Please note that the item takes some days to be shipped. I contacted the seller and never received an answer. Now the ring....I gave it 5 stars just becasue the ring is soooooo pretty!!! I love it!!! It's very elegant. Size fits perfectly...I'm size 5 and usually rings are a little loose on me...this one isn't. It fits perfectly and both rings stay together very nicely. <end>
 B000Q1RTLQ  Sterling Silver Amethyst Three-Stone Ring, Size 10 ||	  Good for the price  I can't argue with the quality of this ring for the price. I feel like it is worth exactly what I paid for it. The stones seemed a lot smaller than in the picture, but that may be because I ordered the size 11, so compared to the width of the ring, the stones seemed kind of small. The stones are not as deep purple as in the picture, the ones I got are more lavender. Also, the stones are mounted a lot flatter than they look in the picture. It is still a pretty ring for the price, but it is definitely a cheaper ring. <end>  A beautiful ring for everyday wear!  I received this ring today and I was very pleased with the look, quality and price. The coloring is very close to the picture on Amazon, which is not always the case. It is currently only available in a size 10, so I do have to wear it on either my thumb or middle finger and even then it's a bit loose. I couldn't pass up the deal when it was offered and I'm not disappointed at all. Yet another good buy from the Amazon.com collection!If you want some other pieces to wear with it I would suggest these Sterling Silver Amethyst Hoop EarringsSterling Silver Amethyst Pendant, 18" <end>  Gorgeous ring  I loved my 3 stone blue topaz so much I had to have this one as well. It is gorgeous and the workmanship is unsurpassed! <end>  good ... classy  This is a pretty ring with accurate sizing. However, the part that faces the palm ie the underside of hte ring has scratches after 1 week (though that part doesnt show too much). Also while the pciture shows thw stones to be darker coloured than they are. Amethysts are lighter purple and thats what the ring has. <end>  Awesome ring to give or buy for yourself.  Gemstones are a great shade (just a tad lighter than the photo), but not by much. Ring and setting are simple, but nice. <end>  Beautiful ring/unbelievable price  The ring is very sparkly and beautiful. The band is sturdy and the stones are securely fastened. I couldn't believe the price of $20 for a sterling and gemstone ring. I would have been happy with my purchase if I had paid double. The ring looks much more expensive than it is. It looks better in person then it does in the picture. A wonderful thoughtful gift for any women on your list who loves jewels, and purple. <end>  So pretty!  I bought two of these as gifts for my mom and mother-in-law and they both loved them. They are very pretty while being quite sturdy and well-made. The only disappointment was that it is only available in a size 5 so we had to have them both sized. <end>  Couldn't be happier!  The ring is beautiful and I couldn't be happier! I will definately look on Amazon for my next ring because I can order in my size (9) and wear it from the day I get it instead of paying someone to resize it. <end>
 B000Q344YO  Cross Pendant W/Design 14K White Gold 39.00X25.00 MM ||	  Pathetic!!  This was a small, tacky cross. I don't know anyone who would wear it. I called right away to return it. They give you 30 days. I still haven't received the paperwork. I called again; still no paperwork. I just want to send it back! How do you spell rip-off! <end>
 B000Q3QNUW  10kt. Gold, Created Emerald Ring with Diamond Accents (Size 8.5) ||	  Pretty ring  This ring arrived 5 days after I ordered it-- impressive! It is pretty and dainty. The stone is a deep green color and really sparkles. It looks even better than the photograph on the website. <end>  She loves it  I purchaced this ring for my girlfriend as a congratulatory gift for getting into the Alpha Sigma Tau chapter at our university. Because her new favorite colors are emerald and, this ring was a easy decision. Lucky me she loved it. She has small hands so the smil band looks great and the emerald is quite beautiful. <end>
 B000Q60526  Necklace Cord For Pendants - D40 - Black Silk / Satin - 19" + 2" Extension Chain ~ Silver Plated Ends ||	  Nice necklace  This is a great little necklace for the price. I was looking for something to go with a silver cross and a glass pendant. This works perfectly. It was shipped immediately, for free. I really like it. <end>  black silk necklace  Since I am alergic to metal necklaces, this is an answer to the problem. Looks good too! Try it, you'll like it! They are available in every color. Also you can get extensions to enlarge any of them. <end>  Not too short, not too long  Just what I wanted, a smooth cord to put a piece of jewelry on.It's not tight on the neck but hangs under the next button. <end>  Mixed Bag  It's okay if you're only going to use it once or twice. The downside is that the cap turned rusty and fell off, breaking the chain.... <end>
 B000Q743M8  Sterling Silver 23mm Wide Cute Ivy Leaf Design Polished Finish 2mm Wide Band Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Ok, but...  Gorgeous ring and reasonably priced, but should have read the reviews a little more closely. Noticed (after daily wear for less than two weeks) the band is all bent out of shape. The metal is soft enough to bend back into shape, but expect it will break soon with the repeated movement. And yes, the leaf points do catch on everything. I wouldn't recommend buying this. <end>  Sadly very fragile  This is a beautiful ring buts its ridiculously fragile. I've had this ring for a day, fell asleep with it on and woke up to it having a crack right where the band connects to the leaves. <end>  So cute, but I keep catching it on everything  It's a beautiful design and goes with my everyday clothes. It arrived in perfect condition and looks like the picture. (I've ordered things that end up looking cheaper than the picture) It was shipped quickly.My only problem is that I keep catching it on everything. If I catch something on the top leaf, guess where the bottom leaf is going... That's right! It keeps jabbing into the flesh on my finger. And after a while, it's sharp!I'll still wear it sometimes. <end>  Sterling ring with lots of sparkle  I loved the leaf design. It looks nice with other rings of similar texture and color so I wear it on my middle finger. Have gotten many compliments on it...and the price was really reasonable. I have recommended it to my friends who like sterling silver rings like I do. <end>  Nice and slim  The ring seems very comfortable. It's smooth and slender. I got it as a gift for someone special and she seems to love it. <end>  beautiful ring!  I saw this ring on Pinterest and bought it for my daughter. It is beautiful. A very nice size ring. <end>  I wear it almost everyday  It is a thin ring but I use it almost everyday and it has not bent. It has NOT changed color either (no green finger  -)I have to say that I am quite careful with my jewelry - I don't shower, don't do dishes or sleep wearing it. So, I cannot say how it would be if you wear it for everything. For me, it is great! <end>  Decepcionado  Estoy un poco decepcionado con este producto en la foto se ve muy diferente a como es en realidad parece ser de un material de poca calidad muy delgado el anillo para el precio tampoco creo que se podia esperar m&aacute;s. <end>  Pretty but cheap.  I for sure didn't want to listen to the other reviews about this ring bending and breaking really easily so I bought it anyways. but it'strue. Its really pretty but i've had mine for several months and it bent badly in the first couple months i had it. never broke, but only because i wear it sparingly for special occasions. I wouldn't buy this again <end>  My favorite ring!  I absolutely love this ring. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the band is very thin and bends too easily. I've mis-shaped and bent it in all directions. Luckily it hasn't broken! The leaves sometimes get caught on things but it's still a cute ring and I've received many compliments. <end>  Alright  Nice pretty, feminine, but VERY delicate. Metal is thin and gets caught on stuff easily and bends easily. It is cute and I like it but I wish it was sturdier. Worth the money paid <end>  Too Cute!  Love this cute ring! Get TONS of compliments on it all the time. Adorable ring for the price! I wish I would have bought a few more to give as gifts! <end>  Beautiful ring but bad quality  This ring basically snapped in half the 3rd day that I wore it. It has a really pretty design but the ring itself kept bending out and catching on my clothes. I wouldn't waste your time paying for a ring you get to wear for a week if you're lucky. <end>  Sweet simple ring  I love this ring. I stepped on it and broke part of a leaf so now it's an adjustable ring and I can wear it on my little finger and it blends in well with other jewelry. It's simplicity and bright silver make it a ring that can be worn a lot without getting tired of it. <end>  Beautiful ring however..  When I saw this ring online I instantly loved it. So I bought it and the ring itself is beautiful and is really classy and eleant looking, but as other people have been saying this ring can become rather irritating when trying to put on clothes and such. The little pointed leaves at the end tend to snag onto things and when it does it sometimes hurts the one wearing too! The ring is also very thin thus (like everyone here has been saying) causes it to warp and whatnot. Although there are a few complications with this ring i still am able to wear it (even though its a little disfigured) and it looks normal, except when taken off.. but who cares! This ring is pretty and pretty ok so... yep. <end>  I'll let you know!  This ring was just what I was looking for--even though I wasn't looking for it! It looks great on any finger or thumb! It also goes with the silver jewelry worn here in NM! Lightweight, stays shiny. <end>  my most favorite ring!  I love this ring - it looks great for both casual and dressy occasions. I broke this exact ring (one I had had for over 4 years) and was so sad because I thought I would never be able to find another one - but here it is! True to size and very nice packaging and quality. Thanks! <end>  cute ring  I really like this ring. It's very shiny and simple in design, and looks very delicate and pretty. The leaves to reach pretty far- I have piano fingers (long) and on my middle finger, the leaves cover almost from knuckle to knuckle. It's not bulky or heavy, just long. Still very pretty though, and I'm sure I'll wear it a lot  -) <end>  Very pretty, just be careful!  The ring is very pretty and I love it. You just have to be careful because, like others have said, it does tend to snag on things. I'm scared it might break, so I try not to wear the ring when I know I'm going to be doing a lot of work that involves using my hands. Besides the snagging, it's great! The little box it comes in is cute too. <end>  Adorable  I've been looking for some decent looking and inexpensive rings lately and Amazon's selection definitely pulled me in. I think I was looking at rings for almost 2 hours! There's such a wide selection at decent prices.This Ivy Leaf ring is a perfect accessory for almost any outfit. It's not too simple, not too fancy. I have pretty long fingers, and the height of the leaves works very nicely on me. The packaging that the ring came in was very cute too! I didn't expect it to come in a little gift/jewelry box thing, but it did. I'm quite satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Great little ring..  I love this ring - it's a perfect size, and uniquely "me", I was told. The only problem is that the leaf points tend to catch on certain fabrics, such as knit sweaters, etc. pulling threads, so be careful! Otherwise, adorable and affordable... <end>  looks good but..  the ring looks beautiful online as well as on your finger. But the band and where it connects is super thin that it continues to bend and disfigure. but i do love how it looks  -) <end>  disappointing  (  the ring itself is beautiful and comfortable, it didnt tarnish or stain my finger. however, the leaves on the ring managed to snag on everything, from putting on my sweater in the morning to pulling the tv remote from between my couch cushions. due to the thinness of the band of the ring, after being bent so many times from snagging on just about everything, my ring snapped into two pieces... while i was sleeping!! i woke up to find the ring simply sticking out of my pillow. lovely ring, perhaps not the best quality. i enjoyed it while i had it. <end>  Fantastic  The craftsmanship is much higher quality that what I paid for it (even better than the picture). I always get comments on the ring. It will snag on knitted clothing and other things, so watch out. This is not an every-single-day ring because it is delicate. If you take care of it and not beat it up you won't have the warping issues. I love this ring despite the carefulness it requires. <end>  Extremely Fragile  I loved the way it looked, but it continually bent and after the second day of wearing it, the band actually snapped in half from me trying to curve the band back from it becoming disfigured around my finger. It is not worth the asking price. It looks much thicker and more sturdy in the picture, but when you get it, you will see how delicate it is and can easily break. <end>  Cute ring... meh quality.  I actually bought this ring at Kohl's but it was around the same price as here.I adore how the ring looks and feels, but it bends out of shape pretty easily. As long as you're careful you can make it last; I've had mine for about six months now without major problems. It does catch quite easily on pockets and threads and couch cushions.All in all, I like the ring for occasional wear but it's definitely not an every day piece. <end>  Love this ring!!!  I love this ring so much, I wear it everyday and with everything. It does get caught on things sometimes and it bends easily. But I love it. The price was reasonable and the shipping was quick <end>  lovely  A great ring, is better than the pic, and I did not find the band to be thin but just right. It is sturdy and just lovely all together; great price too  ) <end>  awesome ivy ring  Exactly what I wanted - beautiful jewelry! I am usually scared to buy jewelry online - I have had one too many rings turn my fingers blue - not the case with this one. I love this ring and it's great quality. <end>  amazing  This ring is probably my favorite ring. It is extremely sophisticated and I absolutely love it! I've have never regretted this purchase. I've had for a couple of months now and I wear it everyday, and it still looks like I just bought it yesterday. Yes the leaves sometime snag on clothing when putting it on, but I always just take the ring off and no problem! I highly recommend it, if you love the style! <end>  Love this sweet ring  Looks great on the hand..band thin at bottom and broke, however for the price I will purchase another one. <end>  Very nice  Better than the ring like it that I envied on a friend's finger. Very pleased with quality, shipping and communication from Amazon. <end>  Delicate and Pretty  This ring is super gorgeous, though it is a little more delicate than I anticipated. As one other reviewer mentioned, the leaves do tend to catch on fabric, but other than that I haven't had a single problem and am thoroughly satisfied. <end>  get this ring  Although a little crude in the execution of the design, for this price it is a great find. <end>
 B000Q7F9N0  14k Yellow Gold Pearl, Peridot, Rhodolite Garnet, Serpentine Bracelet ||	  Wonderful Bracelet  I bought this as a gift for my cousin and she absolutely loved it. She says that she wears it often and gets many compliments. The bracelet arrived on time and it came in a great gift box! Thank you very much. I will be ordering from Harris Michael again really soon. <end>
 B000Q7TYCM  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Beautiful ring  I bought this as a graduation gift for my daughter. She wanted a ring to remind her of her college completion without having a "class ring". She also requested a wide band. When I ordered it, I thought that it would do until I found something "nicer". That changed when the ring arrived. The picture does not begin to do it justice. It is a beautiful ring, elegant and feminine without having a "little girl" look. And, as lovely as it was in the box, it looks 100 times better on her hands. The only caveat I have is to order a larger than normal size. My daughter wears a size 5 ring but wide bands usually do better with a larger ring. I ordered a 6 and it fits perfectly. Final notes  The shipping was fast and the presentation (box) is beautiful as well. <end>
 B000Q7TZIA  Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for a friend at the bargain price of $15. The ring is well made and the garnet is beautiful. The stone is clear and sparkles. I'm happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000Q7U20U  Sterling Silver Marquis Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  unique, well-made piece  this is a fairly large ring, in height as well as width- it is a unique piece, and i figure if you're the type to be buying it at all, you'll like it. it is not delicate, but stands out, and many people comment on it when i wear it- not always in a complimentary way, exactly, but i like it, and find it beautiful. it looks like the picture, and i wear it alone, on my middle finger. i think it would be a bit busy to wear any other rings with it. it is a tad shiny new, and i'm waiting for the nice burnished coloring that comes with age on silver. i would definitely buy this again. i gave it 4 stars because it's unique enough that i don't wear it with everything, or daily, but only sometimes, with black. <end>  glitter  this is a beautiful piece of jewelry that is both high quality for modest means. A piece anyone would love to own!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Gorgeous ring  I love this ring. The design is fabulous. The stone is beautiful and draws attention immediately <end>
 B000Q89EHG  Floating CZ Heart Stainless Steel Ring ||	  not a great ring  The ring came about three sizes too big, and the little heart gem slipped out of place within three hours of me wearing it. I am very disappointed. <end>  Beautiful  My boyfriend gave me this ring, and it's very sweet - the heart is just charming and I love that its set at the same level as the steel, so it never snags on anything! <end>  don't go by the picture  the picture of the ring shows a clear heart shaped stone. i bought this ring, not for intentions of using it as an engagement ring. but, i expected at least an actually heart shaped stone. the stone is more shield shaped and has no divet for the top of the heart. <end>
 B000Q8B6SQ  Sterling Silver Marquise Shaped 10 x 20mm Emerald Cubic Zirconia with Celtic Endless Knot Design Polished Finish 3mm Band Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Very nice!  Beautiful gem, looks high quality, nice design. Was a perfect gift (birthstone ring) for my daughter. <end>  Beautiful sterling Celtic Knot Ring  The ring came very quickly and well wrapped. The ring itself was even more beautiful than I thought it would be from the picture. I absolutely love it. I would buy from this seller again in a second, and I probably will. <end>  Lovely !!!  Delicate and lovely. The stone has great color and sparkle. I will wear this one often. <end>  ...Dainty Celtic Ring...  "Am very pleased with the celtic ring, the prompt delivery, and most especially the heart-shaped gift box! What a nice surprise!!! This place is highly recommended..." <end>  Delicate but gorgeous  I ordered this as "just for me" gift - I love emerald jewelry and celtic jewelry so this was a great combo. The ring is a bit more delicate than it appears in the photo but I love it. It's very lightweight and is very pretty to look at. I bought another ring for my boyfriend and am pleased with the quality from Gem Avenue. I would definitely purchase from them again. <end>  Great jewelry  I bought this ring and another from Gem Avenue. The rings are really cute for their low price, and they each came in an adorable ring box, perfect for a gift. Shipping was very quick and I am happy with my purchase. <end>  Amazing value for a very beautiful ring  We are on a tight budget, saving for a home. How delighted I was to find such a beautiful ring at such an affordable price. It looks just like more expensive rings and the cubic zirconia looks just right nestled within the grasp of the celtic bands. It reminds me of my roots and my wife loves it! <end>  Love the ring  Bought this ring for my daughter at Christmas. She loves the ring. Beautiful design. Made strong with a delicate look. <end>  Cheap Price, Fantastic Ring  I don't expect much from inexpensive jewelery. I ordered this as a back up to my more expensive emerald ring to wear to work. I have been wearing it for over a month a few days a week. The ring has not tarnished, the stones are still tight. Its a very pretty everyday ring for a good price. <end>  Cute But Lacks Substance  This is a nice pinky ring, but overall rather on the tiny side for any other finger. <end>  BEAUTIFUL!!!  I got this ring for my girlfriend, we've been together for over 4 years now so I knew it had to be something nice. She loves emeralds and Celtic knots so I was looking for things of that nature. When I found this ring it looked like the exact thing I was looking for, and for this price it can NOT be beat. I've showed the picture to friends and family and everyone thinks I spent hundreds of dollars for it. I was worried that the actual ring wouldn't be as nice as the picture, but I was very happy to know that wasn't the case here. The actual ring is just as great looking as the picture. I am VERY happy with this buy and will be looking at this company if I need something else. <end>  Perfect Sizing!!!  Not only is it my birthstone, but the size is a perfect fit compared to some other ring's I've bought...Diffently a must buy <end>  Happy little ring  I purchased this ring as a treat for myself. An inexpensive but self-indulgent purchase that makes me happy when I'm wearing it. Quality is good, size was as expected. I'd buy from this vendor again. <end>  You get what you pay for  I wanted a ring that is both my birthstone and represents my Irish heritage. This ring looks very nice and it is reasonably priced. It is a nice ring but the silver is somewhat thin. I realize I didn't want to spend a lot of money, so I didn't expect the quality to be great. Overall it is a nice ring. <end>  Beautiful ring. love it!  I bought this ring for myself back in the summer and I absolutely loved it. I couldn't find a thing wrong with it. The stone was pretty, it has never tarnished yet or started to. It is now one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. It is the perfect size to me. My mother liked it so much as well, so I just ordered one for her too. <end>  Loose Gem  I love the ring the only problem is that the stone is loose. You can feel it move and hear it more. That is the only thing that I'm not happy with. <end>  Pretty ring  For the price of the ring it is worth it. I bought this ring as a birthday gift for my daughter and she loves it. It also came in a beautiful little blue box. The shipment came befor expected. I will be ordering more things from this company. <end>  beautiful  this is a very pretty ring, good quality,, would make a nice gift for the celtic jewelry lover or irish princesses!!.... <end>  Pretty  This is a very pretty ring. It is a bit dainty for what I want, but I recieve many complements on it. <end>  Cute!  The ring is very cute...flat across the top, the gem does not come above the setting but still a nice everyday ring if you are into celtic jewelry! <end>  emerald ring  I will order additional items from Gem Avenue, they are very nice and we are very pleased with the ring that I ordered for my mother. <end>  Terrific Value  I just love this ring. It has so much quality about it for the low price. I ordered the blue topaz. The stone is a little lighter than I thought it was going to be, but it still is beautiful. I received the package in a 100% condition and it arrived rather fast. I would recommend this seller to everyone that is interested in a good product and good service. <end>  beautiful ring  I absolutely love this ring, not only is it beautiful it fits perfect. I love the emerald color. So pretty! <end>  Very nice, good price.  I was happily surprised with the quality of this ring. If you don't care about the stone being precious it looks very nice. Looks very nice on long fingers due to the marquis cut. <end>  Loved it!  Excellent quality. Dainty, but beautiful. Exactly like I expected. Much better in person than the picture gives it credit for. For the price I paid, and the quality of the ring, I couldn't beat it. Recommend this to anyone. <end>  Pretty not Pricey  Very pretty piece. My granddaughter loved all the items I bought from this Vendor. Good quality too. <end>  Very attractive Ring  I have received many compliments on this ring - I will purchase from this company again. <end>  Prettier than shows in photo!  This is a very sweet, pretty ring. Pleased with quality at this point. Arrived earlier than expected, in a small ring-sized shiny pink plastic box with red bow, which was perfect for gifting the ring to our daughter. She loved it! <end>  Silver Celtic knot w Emerald CZ as a gift  I purchased the Silver Celtic knot Band Emerald CZ Marquise Ring in Size 5 (http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QG5QQ6/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title) as a gift for Christmas off of the Amazon site though it was sold by Gem Avenue. The ring arrived on time, well packed in a cute ring box in packing material in a small shipping box. The ring is very pretty and was immediately loved by the receiver who has interest in Ireland. The sizing of the ring seems to be just slightly smaller than a size 5 compared to sizing rings or other size 5 rings. The ring is beautiful, worth the price I paid. Only the slight sizing issue dropped my rating to 4 stars instead of 5. <end>  I love it!  I bought this ring because I love the color green and emerald-like jewelry and this ring fits well, doesn't leave a green ring on my finger, and its gorgeous. <end>  Loved it !!  I purchased this ring as a "Merry Christmas to me." I love Celtic jewelry and I was happily surprised when I received this ring. For the price this ring was a steal. It is beautifully made and the color and clarity of the stone is exceptional for a CZ. I would highly recommend this ring !! Love it, love it. <end>  You get what you pay for...  The stone is very pretty, but its smaller then i thought it would be. The metal looks and is cheap, the silver 'paint' on it is already chipping off. Over all I was not impressed with this ring, it looks cheap but I guess you get what you pay for right? I would not recomend it to anyone looking for something that looks expensive. <end>  A great purchase!  I bought this ring for my niece---my daughter saw it and now she wants one! It's really pretty---sturdy ring, but still a delicate look. I was worried the emerald c.z. wouldn't look "real", but it's great. It arrived very timely. <end>  Nice and great price!  The ring is very nice and dainty. It is true to the image, except the green CZ is narrower than the picture shows. The visible portion of the stone measures 3 mm x 8 mm.This is my second purchase from Gem Avenue. What I love is that their rings are so comfortable. I forget that I'm wearing them, because the band is smooth inside and out. They fit perfectly, and they aren't heavy or clunky. <end>  plated  it didnt say when i purchased it that it was plated, but it still looks nice. wish it would been in the description <end>  pretty ring  The ring is very nice looking and the stone is proportionate to the size of the ring. Its not too bulky and loks very femanine. <end>  Sterling silver ring  Fit well. It looked great for the price I paid. It was what I thought it would be, so I was happy with the ring. <end>  I like it  IThis ring is very pretty and comfortable to wear but the stone is not quite as large as it seemed in the description otherwise I would have given it 5 stars. <end>  RING  IT WAS A GIFT, AND SHE LOVED IT. THE STONE WAS SMALLER THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE JUDGING BY THE PICTURE. <end>  merry Christmas to me  have aways want one, now it's mine, mine, mine.t the fit was perfect, and best of all, my husband picked it out for me. <end>  Very pretty.  I bought this for my daughter who is very interested in her Irish heritage. She loves this ring. The green is very bright, and not very authentic to true emeralds, but she didn't mind and wears it every day now. <end>  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot w/ Emerald  I am very pleased with my purchase of these rings as Christmas presents. My girls loved them. They have received many compliments on them already. Nice products, quick delivery, accurate description. <end>  very nice  This is the second year I bought celtic jewelry and my wife just adores it. For the price this stuff cannot be beat and will last if u don't ruffhouse it. Yes I like it much and I think i'll buy some for myself. <end>  Loved it!  I loved this item. I bought it for myself for Christmas and I like Irish/Celtic jewelry and green stones. <end>  So pleased!  Ring arrived fast. I purchased based on the reviews. It has caught the attention of a few. Quite feminine and lovely, polished and stone is clear. Well worth the price. Alwyas wear it, no problems. Sizing fit exactly. <end>  Very pretty!  Very pretty ring with a neat design on the band. It comes in a fun little heart shaped gift box. I'm sure my daughter will love it! <end>  lovely  This is a lovely ring, very comfortable to wear and delicate looking without being too fragile. Great service from the company too - came quickly and in a lovely package. <end>  Love this ring!  I ordered this for myself. I don't normally wear rings, but I wanted something related to my Irish heritage and thought this would be perfect. It's really pretty. The pictures don't do it justice. I ordered a size too small, but c'est la vie! I can still wear it on my pinkie finger! I'm very happy with my purchase, and it got here incredibly fast too. <end>  Great ring with a great price  I bought this for my cousin who absolutely loves it. Emerald is her birthstone, and she said it looks real. If you like sterling silver and are into "celtic" things like we are, you'll really like this ring. I am going to buy one for myself! <end>  Nice ring...you won't be sorry  This ring is a nice piece. It is what is advertised. I wouldn't hesitate to get another one if need be. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I get a lot of Celtic jewelry like this one, but I really have to say, this ring is definitely one of the better ones I've purchased. While everything does look better in pictures, this ring is still stunning in its own right. The color is great, and the knot is clearer than others.The shape of the stone is nice, as well. It brings out the appearance more so than, say, an oval shape would. <end>  More than worth the money!  My girlfriend has been nagging me constantly for a birthstone ring. Previous rings, sterling silver, cubic zirconia, lab-created sapphire, apparently didn't fill the void, so I went ahead and looked online for a birthstone ring that fit my budget... And bought it just in time for her birthday.The ring is beautiful. The pictures don't do it justice! I mean, it LOOKS like it does in the picture but it's much more beautiful in real life. The emerald gem is small and the ring's slim feminine style really brings out the beauty. The celtic knots on the side are well-crafted and I was pleased to see the reaction on her face when she opened the box. She almost cried, but they were tears of joy! So fellas... if your girl asks you for a birthstone ring, grab one from this seller. These guys know what they're doing, and it will DEFINITELY make your woman happy. And best of all, it won't break the bank! <end>  In Love!!  I purchased the ring and it fit perfectly! The emeral zirconia is super cute and it looks just like in the picture! I'm glad that I purchased it, it fits and looks perfect! <end>  Very Pleased!  The emerald looks very nice, dark, unable to see that it is created without looking closely. The ring runs a little snug, but in my opinion that is a good thing. Metal looks very nice, seems sturdy, i am very pleased!! <end>  Beautiful ring, fits perfectly  The ring looks exactly as pictured on the store page. It's very beautiful, and it seems solid enough (I don't see anything fragile that might break). The gem isn't quite as bright while I'm actually wearing the ring because my finger blocks the light from going through it, but it's still a very pretty dark green color.I was nervous about whether or not the ring would fit since I determined my ring size based upon a chart I found on the internet. The chart said I should be a size 5, so I ordered a size 5 and it fits perfectly. I guess this might be down to luck, but I was pretty careful with my measurements so I think the manufacturer did a good job of making the ring the size that it said it was. <end>  Simple  Bought this for a friend of mine so my review is based on what she told me and what I noticed.PROS - Pretty resistant.- Will NOT make your finger green or turn too easily.- Great if you're looking for something fun but not really impressive.CONS - It's a relatively cheap ring so don't set your expectations too high.Overall, it's great, my friend does not complain and she never takes it off.I recommend this seller to anyone looking to buy this ring.FINAL RATING  5/5 <end>  A bit disappointed  Personally I was a bit disappointed with the ring. The stone is very small and looks nowhere near as bright or sparkling at this photo indicates. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring I purchased is very beautiful, the price was great and the company was great to work with. The quality is awesome for the price, I plan on ordering more items from this Company. Great product <end>  Great Deal. Definatley get it  Gave this as a little gift to my sister, looked excellent (if not a bit small). Overall a great purchase. <end>  AWESOME RING!  My son picked this ring to buy his big sister for Christmas. She was thrilled! It was well sized. It looks exactly like the picture. As someone else noted the stone is cut to be even with the setting, but that is not a bad thing in this case. It was perfect.Enough about the ring. It was shipped in a precious aqua gift box with a yellow bow. EVEN BETTER it seemed we ordered it one day and received it the next--he shipping was so fast! <end>  beautiful  I love this Celtic ring. It arrived sooner than expected..I like the quality..it's beautiful and well made. <end>  Beautiful!  I purchased this for my daughter for her birthday, and I love the craftsmanship. The Celtic knotwork is beautifully delicate and just what we were looking for. <end>  Very Satisfied  Bought this as a gift for my 12 year old daughter. It is the perfect size, and is wearing quite well. The stone is very clear and looks very nice. It doesn't stick up so high that it gets caught on anything, and it doesn't look "gaudy" at all. It looks classy. I'm glad I got it. <end>  Great ring, Right Price!!  I bought this ring for myself for an everyday ring. I wasn't sure what to expect for the price, but after reading all the positive reviews decided to go ahead and buy it and I'm sure glad I did, it looks just the picture in the description. It is a very pretty ring and is just what I was looking for. I love it! What a find and such a deal! I was very pleased with the quality and thickness of the band. I have already gotten numerous compliments on it. <end>  Surprised with quality  I usually save to buy more expensive jewelry for my wife, but I wanted a quick St Patrick's Day gift, so I ordered this ring. My wife loved it! She wears it with her real emerald ear rings and it looks great. Great product for the price. <end>  Very nice ring!  I got this ring for a friend, and not only was the delivery quick but the ring itself was beautiful. I send this as a gift, after my friend recived it she in turn sent me one just like it. It is small and dainty. I dont like big gaudy rings so this was perfect for both me and my friend. <end>  What a find!!!  I left a review for the seller because that was such a great experience, but I'm pleased to give my opinion on the ring. My birthstone is an emerald and this is just an amazing look-alike. I have other rings that are imitation gemstones that don't look nearly as nice and were far more expensive. I love the simplicity of the setting and how very comfortable it is on my hand. What a treat to purchase a piece of jewelry that is not only priced right, but turns out to be something you really love. <end>  Perfectly gorgeous!  This ring is a very delicate and beautiful piece of jewelry. The stone is a brilliant green and shines in its silver setting. Makes a wonderful gift for someone else, or even for yourself. I would definitely recommend this item to anyone who's looking for a inexpensive but beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Pleased w/response when I had to return  This was a gift for my eleven year old daughter for Christmas. The quality of the product was better than I expected. I had to return the ring for a larger size and had no problem. Very pleased with the product and service. <end>  Nice at any price  Bought this for the wife on the spur of the moment - just fun jewelry.She loves it and doesn't worry about wearing it anywhere. <end>  Fine ring for the money  This is not a high-society ring, nor was it selected to be such. It's simple and nice. The gem is smaller, but exactly what I expected. The metal is fine. Not top-of-the-line outstanding, but it's cute and will be fun for a young teenager to wear for a bit. It has a nice style to it. <end>  Love!  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my younger sister since it's her daughter's birthstone and her first Christmas with her daughter. She almost didn't get it - I wanted to keep it for myself! Great buy! <end>  Metal is dainty but nice, stone leaves a lot to be desired.  the ring was delivered in nice ring box with correct size and on time.Ring is poured from casting and advertised as sterling but mark on inside of band is hard to make out on this particular ring delivered.Outside stone is very dark green with just a hint of faceting around outer edge. Center of stone on outside of ring is flat and even with edge of ring fully across the top. Inner, ring side of stone is open and fully faceted to center but the overall size of stone is so small it is either cut wrong for the size of it or just not enough light can penetrate it its small size to make it sparkle without shining light directly through stone from back side of ring.Stone looks like a dull piece of glass on finger unless under very strong direct light. I have placed ring under different light sources of varying magnitude and the only way I can get the stone to look close to that shown in picture is off the finger with sunlight shining through.I was let down due to the stone seeing as how most reviews were positive but perhaps seller has this ring made by several different manufacturers of varying quality. I don't know but box said it was made in China for Adfa, USA so perhaps ring was made there also in my instance. Maybe I just got a dud of a stone in relation to other reviews.Overall quality of ring is acceptable for the price so I will not seek a return but expected a little more due to photo. <end>  Great buy!  This is a beautiful ring. Very true to size. Small but very dainty. Suitable for all occassions. Great price too. Highly recommended. <end>  Beautiful  Recieved it on time and is absolutely beautiful!!!! Its the perfect gift and at amazing prices. Must have for ring lovers <end>  Simple  This is a very simple yet lovely design. It's not overly flashy and fits my personality quite well. Hand crafted perfection. <end>  beautiul ring!  I got this ring for my sister for her birthday. It Is beautiful. From what I have seen it is good quality, well made...( sorry, I know this review is lame, but I'm kind of at a loss for words...) <end>  Very Pretty  The ring was very pretty. The rimg arrived quickly and in great wonderful condition. It was packaged very nicely in a box. I was very satisfied with this product and seller and would try them again. <end>  LOVE!!!  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS!!!! The stone does look fake if you look really really close to it, and it is actually darker in real life then it is in the picture, but aside from those minor things I love everything about it! I get soooooo many compliments on it and people always ask me where I got it from and their jaws drop when I tell them I got it off amazon.com and for the price!!! It's amazing and looks soooo good on!!! <end>  tiny emerald, hardly visible  The emerald is deceiving in the photo. It is very small and hardly visible when I received the ring. I haven't worn it yet and am not sure I will. <end>
 B000Q8SNB4  Breathtaking and Elegant  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cubic Zirconia Floral Medallion Style Pendant Necklace ||	  Very pretty  Very realistic looking. Very antique looking. If you look carefully you can see cz's in the shape of a flower in the middle and clusters of cz's that look like hearts. Then there looks to be an eternity symbol in the filigree work and you can see a cross shape and even a butterfly shape in the swirls and curls. Quite cool design actually! <end>  absolutely breathtaking!  I receive so many compliments on this piece when i wear it. everyone thinks its an antique heirloom piece. its gorgeous <end>
 B000Q8U556  Roman Connection  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cubic Zirconia X and O Pendant ||	  Beautiful necklace!  Thank you for the quick delivery! The necklace is gorgeous and looks exactly like it did online. I love it! <end>  Lovely piece!  I was blown away by how quickly I received this lovely piece. It's as beautiful as it looks, and the box chain it came with wasn't as flimsy as some I have received by other jewelry sellers. I enjoy wearing it. Thanks! <end>
 B000Q8V53M  The Paisley Wonder  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and CZ Interlocked Paisley Drop Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful!  I absolutely love this necklace! The stones are bright and clear and sterling silver is crisp and clean. <end>  Like it  Its a really cute necklace. It's Smaller then I thought but its not super tiny or anythng. Looks good with most outfits and the jewls are super shiny. <end>  Yuck!  I bought this necklace because I thought it was pretty and it had a great price. Well....when I opened the package I was very disappointed. It looked cheap and tacky up close and personal. Heck, it didn't look good from far away either. It was definitely not worth what I paid for it so I sent it back asap. <end>
 B000Q8WG0S  Toddler Sterling Silver Jingle Bracelet ||	  Adorable  This bracelet is adorable. My only dislike is that within 2 weeks of having it one of the bells fell off. It's not the most durable bracelet, but I always know when my daughter is near. It's just a nice bracelet. <end>  jingle baby  Got this for my daughter for her first christmas. She was just under 7 months old. I use it as an ankelet, so when she wakes up or wiggles I can hear her. Now 9 months it still fits her perfect and it has extra loops to make it bigger or smaller. It is so cute and very well made. She has now figured out if she kicks that little foot it makes nosie so it is also entertainment. Think I will buy one for a baby gift down the line. <end>
 B000Q90HXK  Tressa Sterling Silver CZ Solitaire Earring Set (3-pair - 2, 3, 4 mm) ||	  Sterling Earrings.  You get what you pay for. They don't make my ears turn green but the earring itself turns black. <end>  They work  As the first review said, they didn't make my ears turn green but the earring itself turned black. I wore them for about 6 months before the stones fell out on a few of them. I'm going to purchase them again though because they're a decent deal. I'd rather pay $15 every 6 months than have to shell out $90 on a single pair of white gold earrings (I have 3 holes in each ear). <end>
 B000Q91YIW  Sterling Silver Love Knot Bangle ||	  Perfect  I bought this to complement another bangle bracelet and it is perfect. It looks pretty and classic. Great buy. <end>  Sterling silver love knot bangle  It is clean and shiny, exactly as described. The packaging was great and I am happy with it, I love my bangle. <end>
 B000Q91ZNG  Sterling Silver High Polish Designer Earrings ||	  Dazzling.  I always get so many compliments whenever I wear these earrings. They are very comfortable to wear and look very impressive. <end>
 B000Q9S52U  Sterling Silver Diamond cut 6mm Wide Marcasite Polished Finish Filigree Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Beautiful quality and a good price  This ring is beautiful and very well made. Great service from company, and it even has a cute little gift box. Highly recommended. <end>  very nice  This is the second year I bought celtic jewelry and my wife just adores it. For the price this stuff cannot be beat and will last if u don't ruffhouse it. Yes I like it much and I think i'll buy some for me. <end>
 B000QC7NIY  Sterling Silver Oval Shaped Garnet Cubic Zirconia Celtic Knot Polished Finish 3mm Wide Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Definately a good buy.  This piece of jewerly is pretty in person alot better than the picture. This company will see more business from me. The package was how they said it would come in the mail. <end>
 B000QC7O56  Sterling Silver Oval Shaped Amethyst Cubic Zirconia Celtic Knot Polished Finish 3mm Wide Band Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Very pretty casual ring  I chose this ring for myself in part because of the price, but also because I like the pattern. I would not consider the ring dainty, but elegant. The Celtic knot gives some visual interest, and the cut of the stone gives a nice sparkle. The stones is a realistic looking amethyst color, not overly bright or tinted. I have very small fingers, so along with the difficulty I have finding rings in a size 5, I also have a hard time finding rings that do not look enormous on my fingers. This one is a perfect size. At the time of this posting, the hand illustration showing the size is very accurate. <end>
 B000QCIWQ6  Manor House Rose Motif Oval Clip On Earrings ||	  earrings  very sweet & pretty- I will enjoy wearing them as would even a younger girl-I am 71. Thanks <end>  Beautiful  I purchase these earrings to match the pendant. It is very nice to be able to find good looking clip on earrings. The set looks great together. They came from a gift certificate from my daughter so they are very special to me. <end>  Clip on earrings  I purchased these earrings as a gift to go with the matching rose pearl necklace and they were perfect. Would highly recommend! <end>
 B000QCN6TY  Manor House Rose Motif Dangling Heart Earrings ||	  very adorable  These earrings are very adorable but very small. I am still giving them five stars though as they seem to be well made aswell as enchanting. <end>
 B000QCN7YI  Bridal Vintage Silver tone Drop Earrings ||	  Not delicate  These earrings looked beautiful in photo, but when I received them in the mail, the chain was very thick. I expected a more delicate look, but could not return them because I opened the package and it was against the return policy. They are also not the same length. When I put them side by side, I noticed one pearl hangs lower than the other...probably not noticeable when you wear them, but it still bothered me. <end>
 B000QCW7XK  Large Round Blue CZ Ring (size  8) ||	  Unless you're Elton John ... forget it  I purchased this for my wife as a joke and it was a complete success. She's worn it to a couple of costume parties and gotten some great laughs. For this it's actually 5 stars. <end>
 B000QD6LAO  Geheimnis White Topaz and Diamond Titanium Tension Set Ring, 4.5 ||	  stylish but bulky  recently purchased ring for my girlfriend who has petite, thin fingers. though we loved the unique look it just didnt fit her well because of its thickness. i would recommend only for those females with, well "stronger, thicker" hands if i may say. <end>  Great Price for What it is!  We got this ring for me to wear while my fiance was having a tension set titanium ring designed and made for me locally. I feel that the size runs slightly large. The best thing about this ring is that it is SO durable. I NEVER take it off(I now wear it on my right hand). I do yard work, cook, work on my car and even have laid a brick fireplace. I am NOT a large person, 5'4" and have VERY small hands and I don't feel as though this ring is too large. The description states the width in millimeters, if you don't want a wide band, this one is not for you! <end>  Love this ring  My husband bought me this ring 3 yrs ago to go with my wedding band. I wanted something different big pretty but not pricey or cheap looking. Love my ring am a nurse and very hard on my jewelry. This ring takes a beating and holds up well. The stone as come out once while I was moving boxes. I hit it just right and felt it "pop". No trouble getting it back it and never has come out since. I get lots of compliments too in fact a co worker bought a simlar ring because she liked mine so much. If you want big and pretty this ring is for you. <end>  exceptional services  Very prompt shipping. Ring was packed safely to protect delicate gem. Very well pleased with quality and service! Thanks! <end>  Geheimnis White Topaz and Diamond Titanium Tension Set Ring  I love this ring and so does everyone else! It was shipped to me fast and arrived in perfect condition. I would recomend, to anyone who keeps viewing it, just take the leap and order it! <end>
 B000QDR996  Kokopelli Southwestern Spirit of Music Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Happy earrings!  These were another part of my Mother's Day gift to my Mom. She has always been admiring the Kokopelli dancers and I've grown to expect only quality from SilverInsanity (Great shop...great service!). The only thing to beware of with these is that in some cultures they are considered a fertility god...this was not good news to my 79 year old Mom.I'm hoping for a little sister!  ) <end>  Cute!  I am so happy with these earring! they are so cute and perfect size for me!!!!  D <end>  Friend loved them  They were given as a gift to a friend for her birthday and she loved them. <end>  I love them!!  I love these earrings. I got a pair from my mother that broke and these are an excellent replacement. I'm suprised I didn't find more of them though. <end>  Above expectations  These earrings are beautiful, and much nicer than I expected, considering the very reasonable price. I would recommend them to any Kokopelli lover! <end>
 B000QDYA1G  Gorgeous and Rich Circle of Lights  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Antique Style Circle Pin with Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous!!  Very happy with purchase. Gorgeous brooch, just as described. Great quality, marked 925 which is always a relief to see when purchasing on line. Will go beautifully with the dress I had it in mind for..perfect!! <end>
 B000QE1DWO  Romantic Elegance  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cultured White Pearl Chandelier Bridal Pendant Necklace with Cubic Zirconia ||	  Nice pendant, basic necklace  What you see is what you get. Original, nice looking pendant with pearls, with basic chain. My girl likes it. <end>
 B000QEGDL0  Sterling Silver 17mm Wide Crawling Lizard Design Polished Finish 3mm Wide Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Lizard Ring  This is a beautiful product. The fit is good. My wife has to wear it a certain way on her thumb because the legs poke her the other way. It is very sturdy and strong. We are very impressed. <end>  lizard ring  This is a cute fun ring. The only thing is that I have to wear it with the "head" facing out because the legs kind of pinch/poke me. <end>  Missing one foot.  This is a great ring, but mine arrived missing one of it's feet. I thought it looked odd, but I didn't notice what was wrong w/it in time to exchange it for a new one. All the other jewelry I've bought from Gem Ave. has been excellent, though. I would recommend this seller. <end>  Amazing Ring!  I've had this ring for 3 years, it's fantastic! It looks like its hugging my finger, and even has a cute little smile if you look closely.The only downfall is that the one leg sticking out will dig into my finger if I bang it on something, but I just turn it the other way and the problem is solved.  ) Very cute ring, and very durable. I won't go out without it! <end>
 B000QEGIEM  Sterling Silver 12mm Wide Solid Cigar High Polished Finish 5mm Band Ring Size 10 ||	  Great quality!  Very good size (not too big, not too small), very comfortable fit, and great quality. Very satisfied with this purchase! <end>
 B000QFCXS6  Sterling Silver Red Jasper Ring, Size 6 ||	  Color  The color of the stone in the ring I received is much lighter and more of an orange/brown color than the picture online. It's still a nice ring, but disappointing. Before purchase, try to find another red jasper stone to compare the color to. <end>  Not the same color!!!  This ring looks well made, but the one they sent to me has a different stone color  it is orange, not dark red (as in the picture!) <end>
 B000QFL17K  Compass Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Total novelty, but very cute.  Bought these as a gift for my dad last christmas; he LOVES them. I've ordered from this seller several times now, and I always get a quick delivery in decent packaging, and the products are good quality. <end>  they really move like a compass  don't need to write alot about a cuff link..what you see is what you get and they move like a real compass.i believe they do point north when held correctly (vertically and still) - although i wouldn't set out across the ocean relying on them!i am very pleased. <end>  Fun gift  I bought these for my husband's birthday--he has a small collection of quirky cufflinks and I thought these would fit right in. They look nice and are discrete enough that he can wear them to work without drawing funny glances. I would not want to have to rely on their accuracy as compasses if I was lost in the woods, but they're a great gift. <end>  Very cute  Unusual-original cufflinks that can fit any occasion. And you never can get lost )The one thing I didn't like was package. It looks nice in the blue box with gold ribbon but way too big for size of cufflink box-it was like receiving the shoe box. I had to unpacked and packed into the box more suitable for this. <end>  cufflinks were great  I'm writing something here bc it requires me too.I'm writing something here bc it requires me too.I'm writing something here bc it requires me too. <end>  Cufflinks  They were a gift for my husband. He was very surprised and enjoys them. I am glad I got them for him. <end>  Wonderful Gift  Bought these cufflinks for my son's birthday and they are beautiful. I will be purchasing additional cufflinks from Cuff Daddy. Came in a nice box as well for gift giving! <end>
 B000QG21EG  Sterling Silver Polished Finish Filigree Floral 12mm Wide Band Ring Size 8 ||	  Love this ring!  I absolutely love this ring! It looks great, goes with everything and is so attractive! I get compliments on it all the time. It's different and fun! <end>
 B000QG3LTU  Sterling Silver New Top Quality 20mm Length Ocean crab Polished Finish 4mm Band Ring Size 6 ||	  Loving It  This ring is perfect for me! It's very sterdy and I get alot of compliments on it. I wear it all the time. Great fit. <end>  review  This ring has sharp parts that will cut you so be careful. Otherwise is nice and affordable. <end>
 B000QH79KG  Sterling Silver Organic Design Ring, Size 5 ||	  Very Original!  I always look for unusual pieces, and this is one of those! This ring is sturdy, and beautifully formed. Love it!! <end>  A favorite  I have a large collection of silver rings, but I find myself wearing this one a lot, in tandem with other cut-out or square rings. A friend joked that it looks as though it had a stone that fell, but I like the unusual design a lot. <end>
 B000QY0NTI  10mm Wide Mens Titanium Winged Dragon Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  Great  I ordered this as an engagement ring for my fiance. He loves it so much we bought another titanium ring for the wedding.Warning, the titanium will scratch and the dragon will fade a bit, but we think the look is very nice and aged. <end>
 B000QY9LC8  Handsome Two Tone 8mm Comfort Fit Mens Tungsten Carbide Wedding Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Excellent  This is my first time using amazon.com, and i was very pleased. The price was great, and the product was even better. The ring is beautiful and very smooth. Very fast delivery! I would defiantly recommend this item, and i will defiantly use amazon again. <end>  Great Price!!  My husband loves this ring. It looks nice and fits well. This was a great gift cause his wedding band (which is gold) was thin and already looked 10 years old. We have been married only 4 years..I wanted something that would last and this one will.. <end>  Great ring!  This is a great ring. Looks awesome but most importantly tough. I have dropped it twice so far on ceramic tile floors and quite hard one time...not a scratch on it to this date. Worth every penny after my stainless steel ring got demolished the same way. <end>  great price and ring  This is a great ring. My husband really likes it. It has not faded or tarnised. <end>  Perfect  Bought this for my husband's wedding band. He normally doesn't like wearing rings, but this one he only takes off when he goes to work. (Chemical plant - can't wear jewelry.) Fit is comfortable, sizing was exact.Also, the shipping was right on time! No trouble at all. I couldn't have been any more pleased. <end>  Handsome Two Tone 8mm Comfort Fit Mens Tungsten Carbide Wedding Band Ring Size 9  Bought this ring for $29.99 through Amazon. I replaced a real gold thin (3 or 4 mm) wedding band. I was skeptical about this ring being the price was cheap. Price was low but so far the quality has been wonderful. I have been wearing this ring since November 19, 2007. It is 02/18/09 today. I priced Tungsten at local jewelry stores for $200 and up! I had thoughts of buying a backup or two since I like this ring so much for the price especially. <end>  too big  its too big and i needed it for my wedding... the seller was right on it then when i wanted to send it back i guess he lost my number! LOL he didnt give me any info to return... soo there it sits in its pretty little box... anyone wanna buy a ring? <end>  Sooooooo Goooood  I was realy hapy when i got this ring ' it was my first purchased from amazon.com .. and from now I'll will purchase all my imprtant staff from amazon.com and specialy from the one who sell the ring.regards <end>
 B000QY9LSW  Beveled edge 8mm Comfort Fit Mens Tungsten Carbide Wedding Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Great ring, great price, but could use more sizes  The ring came quickly (shipped within CA) and looks great. However, I had to send it back because it didn't fit, but Peora handled the exchange professionally and swiftly (unfortunately they don't make the beveled ring in my size, but the rounded version of this ring that I got instead is just as nice). I just wish they offered more sizes <end>  Great Product  You can't go wrong with this ring! My husband works in a warehouse and needed a ring to supplement his wedding band. For the money this ring is awesome. Very durable and attractive. We did have to return and buy a size smaller- runs kind of big. I absolutely would purchase it again. <end>  Perfect Transaction..Perfect Price  I bought a men's tungsten ring and received it 2 days later! It was gift wrapped and in excellent condition. The price was much lower than any of the jewelry stores I visited for this same ring. I will DEFINITELY shop with you again! <end>  AWESOME!!  The reviews on this ring are right on. We are very happy with the purchase and would recommend this to anybody. I can't say enough about how wonderful this product is. It's very sturdy and you'd think we had paid alot of money for this. There is no reason why you couldn't get this ring for your wedding ring as it is just as good, if not better, then some of the rings that are out there that you pay much more money for. It shipped really fast. We ordered the ring on a Sunday and we had it by Tuesday. Amazing customer service. It would be a much better world if all customer service was as good as theirs <end>  Wonderful ring!  We bought this to see if my husband would like tungsten. I didn't want to spend a lot on a ring he wouldn't like and at our local jewelry stores it was between $400-700 for one similar. When we got this we were so excited! We LOVED it. I took it into one of the local stores to see if he liked one better. The salesperson actually said, "Why would you consider buying a new one--this is the exact same ring we sell." The quality is wonderful, and we were so impressed we bought two--just in case he happens to lose his. You can't go wrong with this purchase! <end>  RING IS BEAUTIFUL  RING WAS PERFECT! will not scratch. really a beautiful piece of work. We have had the ring for 3 months now and my husband works as an engineer.. this ring has been thru alot and still looks like it just came out of the box. <end>  nice ring for the price  if you want a low cost wedding ring, this is a great option. I bought it to replace the one I lost. Of note - I think it's a little bigger than a 9. Either that or my old ring is smaller than a 9. <end>  ring  this ring is incredible, i work in the maintainance field and work with my hands every day and this ring hasn't a scratch on it, thank you very much, highly recommned this seller!! <end>  Beautiful  This ring is beautiful. Great product, great wedding band. Love it. Its beautiful on my hubby's finger. <end>  got this 4 years ago and still looks great!!!  got this ring 4 years ago after loosing my weding ringuse it every day and still looks great..very strong metal, only some little scratches but for 4 years of use its nothing!!great ring <end>
 B000QY9LUK  Flat edge Brush finish 8mm Comfort Fit Mens Tungsten Carbide Wedding Band Ring Size 10 ||	  Sturdy Ring at a great price.  This is a great ring for the man who is not gentle on jewelry.It will not scratch and stays looking new. <end>  Great Product  This is a great product, my boyfriend had already wanted a tungsten ring, but this is a great choice. It really is indestructable, and the fit is great; really smooth. I had it engraved, but because of the metal its a bit difficult to see. These rings run about one hundred dollars at the jewelers where I had it engraved, so its a great find. <end>  An excellent choice  It's a very nice ring, excellent price. I saw nice tungsten rings but they were expesive. If you want something cool and unscratchable, this is an excellent choice. <end>  Looks good but not very sturdy  I had bought this ring in November for my husband since he was tired of his gold wedding band. It hasn't even been 2 months yet and the ring is already unwearable. It had fallen onto the tile floor and a giant chip had broken off of the ring. I've never had a piece jewelry break due to an accidental drop. If you do decide to purchase this ring, be very careful since it seems to be more fragile than described. <end>  Great Ring for the money, great service, silly box.  Having destroyed my original wedding ring due to my active lifestyle my wife and I ordered this ring in hopes that it would hold up to my rough use.When the ring arrived I could not have been more pleased with its appearance. The ring is even more attactive than the picture on the ad. It is very substantial having a good thickness and weight. The Tunsten Carbide has a wonderful finish with the brushed center having a warm look and the outer edge a nice shine.When my ring arrived I was a bit concerned about the size, thinking that it was a bit big. I contacted Peora and they quickly offered to exchange the ring for a different size or style. I ended up keeping my original ring after all, but I was big time impressed with their willingness to work with me on a possible exchange.The only slight drawback was that the ring came in a lavender box with a frilly bow on it. Personally since my wife and I ordered the ring together and have beem married for 10 years the box didn't matter. But if I were getting this ring as a gift the box does certainly look like it should hold a women's ring rather than a man's wedding ring. <end>  Amazing Ring at an Amazing Price!!  This ring is amazing! My husband is a personal trainer for power lifters so he works with large amounts of free weights everyday. This ring has already been pushed to the limit multiple times and shows no injuries! When I got it out of the box it was surprisingly heavy. Definitely worth every penny. I am so happy with this product I would definately order from Peora again! He says this is the most comfortable ring he has ever worn. It looks great in this work out clothes and his dress clothes.AMAZING!! <end>  Good ring  I had problems scratching my gold band. I've had it for 6 months and the finish looks as good as the day I bought it. <end>  Simple and elegant  Very nice ring; it is simple and elegant. I've had this ring for a couple of months now and wear it all of the time (yard work, lifting weights, etc) and it still looks the same as the day it arrived.The comfort fit interior beveling is very much appreciated. My previous wedding ring that I wore for 15+ years did not have this feature. Now I'm wondering why it took me so long to make the switch. Very good price too. <end>  Better than Picture  It fits perfectly and feels solid and strong. This is the best ring I've ever had ... In my finger,It looks expensive as well but for a very reasonable price. <end>  One Tough Ring  This ring has definetly surpassed my expectations. Not only is it a beautiful ring, it is heavy and durable. I purchased this for my husbands wedding band. I needed a tough ring because my husband is a contractor and I knew the ring would constantly get banged up. So far he has hit it with a hammer, banged it on several things and even welded to it! and it is still surviving with no damage. I would definetly recommend this ring to any one.P.S. My husband gets several great comments on it. It looks like an expensive ring. <end>  poor attitude of peona  This is a repeat post cos I ordered 2 rings from peony at the same time. Mistake!Size 10 turns out to be size 12 at least. Most importantly, no response when I ask for a change back to the correct size. I'm not even asking for a refund. I do not understand why the rating is 90+% given such service. Perhaps it's fake data. And amazon.com is adopting a hands-off attitude. Buy only if u want to take the chance that they deliver the correct thing! <end>  Nice Ring  This is a simple but very nice ring, elegant, perfect for a stylish person. It's grate. <end>  Looks great  The ring looks great and has a very solid feel. I have worn the ring to the gym for the past few weeks and it does not scratch. I am very happy with the purchase. <end>  great ring & price  Bought ring to replace a platnum wedding band, which I lost ($600). Did not want to spend a lot since I already dropped 600. My old band had many scratches since I do alot of building and yard work, this ring appears hard enough that it should hold up better. Price was much better than many other tungsten or titanium rings I saw online. Ring also arrived quickly 4-5 days. Wife likes it and it is large enough to attach a ball & chain!!! <end>
 B000R2J38Q  10k Yellow Gold Heart-Shaped Lab-Created Pink Sapphire Earrings w/ Diamond Accent ||	  Pretty little earrings  These are pretty little earrings, I worried they were going to be tiny little things, really cheap, but they aren't. I like them.I bought them as a gift, so I haven't actually tried them on myself, and the only thing I might change about them is maybe lowering the location to more center of the heart on the back, so less of a chance of them flopping ( pointing downwards ) when fastened on the earlobe. I plan on getting a set for myself if I'm able to.Delivery was prompt etc also  ). <end>  10k yellow gold heart shpated pink sapphire lab created earrings with diamond accent  Additional diamond accent not needed, overall solid earrings. My son picked it out for me for Christmas, I wear them every day. <end>  Very Nice Earrings  I bought these earrings as a gift. The person I bought them for loved them and wears them often. The quality was very good and they looked better in person then the picture reflected. <end>
 B000R6YU44  Sterling Silver Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace, 18" ||	  Sterling Silver Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace, 18"  I am disappointed that the pearl necklace does not lay around my neck more evenly. It is as if the string is too tight in places, causing slight kinks or bends - rather than laying gracefully and evenly around my neck. <end>  Sheer elegance  I purchased these for a birthday gift. The recipient was very happy. The pearls were simply beautiful. In fact, she wore them the next day to church. No one could ever tell that I had purchased them as a gold box item for a mere $20.00. What a deal!  ) <end>  Beautiful Pearls, Amazing Price!  The pearls were really nice and barely showed any irregularity between each pearl. Shipping was fast and free. Thank you Amazon! <end>  Nice piece of jewelry  I received it promptly and it is very nice looking. I bought it for myself but I'm sure it would make a great gift as well. The price was right too. <end>
 B000RAKSJ6  Sterling Silver Snowflake Pendant ||	  Cute but breakable  I really loved this pendant when I got it. Problem is that only lasted for about a week before one of the arms broke off. I only wore this when I was going out and wasn't ruff on it at all. I don't feel like there was any reason for it to have broke so quickly. <end>  Great set!  This pendant goes great with the dangle earings it's advertised with. Looks very elegant, perfect for holiday get-to-gethers. Just like the earings, it's very easy to bend. Be careful, and you'll have no problems. It's flexible nature is the only reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5. <end>  Very Small Snowflake Pendant  This item is very small. I am not pleased. The size on the picture is deceptive. I thought it would be true to size, but it isn't. <end>
 B000RD9PVK  Narrow 4mm Neverending Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Pinky Ring(Sizes 3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16) ||	  Perfect  Just exactly what I was hoping for  a simple little pinky ring with personal meaning. This ring is very well made and has extra meaning for those with a celtic heritage. <end>  Delighted  Beautifully and delicately wrought ring. I purchased this as a pinky ring to accent larger and simpler bands that I use for my middle fingers, yet found that it is also subtle enough to wear with my gemmed rings while not overshadowing and/or cluttering the hand. Being a first-time buyer of this company, I didn't expect the ring to be such a smoothly and precisely made piece for its price, and I'm happy to say I'm wrong.Though it is thin, it is certainly exactly as described  a 4 mm-wide piece weighing 1 to 1.5 grams, depending on the size...so I don't understand the suprise when found to be on the petite side.Excellent shipping times; I think I received it within three days of ordering. <end>  So far so good.  I just got my ring in the mail and I love it. Its very pretty and simple which I wanted. I must say its a little tiny, the width but I still love it. <end>  As Described  Exactly as described. Great product. Fit perfectly and is a great substitute until my wedding band is repaired. Thanks for the great deal! <end>  Nice Ring, Not what expected though...  The ring is very nice, it is just very flimsy and easily bent. I don't know what ring the person who said this was a heavy piece bought, but I think it HAD to have been something other than this ring! <end>  beutiful creation  This was a wonderful gift,beutiful and elegant. I am very pleased with the service I recived. <end>  Great Ring  I love this ring, it's very pretty and it's exactly what I was looking for! <end>  nice ring and good customer service  I really liked the ring and bought another one from them and will buy another one soon. <end>  Great ring!  I'm really into celtic jewelry and I was looking for a ring to wear on my right hand. I immediately chose this one since my wedding band is a celtic knot band and I'm glad I did! it fits great and I got it in 3 days. <end>  Celtic Knot Pinkie Ring  I plan to return the ring as it doesn't match the other Celtic piece I have. <end>  Beautifully simple ring  This Beautiful ring is both simple and elegant. My wife used this as her wedding ring. It fit well and looked great when she wore it. <end>  Fantastic little ring  This ring is even better than photographed - it's absolutely lovely. I was looking for something that was thin and simple, and this absolutely fits the bill. The detail is wonderful and it's lightweight, but sturdy. I wear it on my pointer finger. It works well, despite the fact that it's advertised as a pinky ring. It works well on both. I highly recommend this ring. It's just wonderful. <end>  Just as described  Fit well and was exactly what I was looking for, well made and a very good price would recommend buying it <end>  Cute Enough to Wear On Occasion...Turns Finger Green  It's not nearly the quality I was expecting. First day after washing my hands a few times, it started to turn my finger green. I have to constantly switch where I wear it to avoid this. It's very thin, a flimsy feeling but still cute enough to wear as an accessory when going out. <end>  Had it for 3 years and still as new! A+  I wear this ring all the time! I have had it for 3 years and it has not bent or scratched and I wear it all the time! It is a really sturdy nice ring! <end>  Cool ring!  Nicely made, sterling silver, made a great gift for a loved one. It is a little thinner than I thought it would be, but that's okay with me. <end>  Cute ring  Looks great on my pinky and fits just right. It will go well with other rings I ordered. Great price, too. <end>  Knot your usual band ring  This narrow band ring is very comfortable by itself, but I wear it with one or two other band rings in a stack. It is narrow enough not to be overwhelming, but wide enough to be seen and admired. I would recommend it to anyone who likes or collects Celtic Knot jewelry or stacking rings. <end>  Nice but kind of thin.  This ring is very pretty and I love it, but it is quite thin so I have to be careful not to bend it when lifting items. <end>  Absolutely adorable!!  This is a very dainty, cute silver ring. It looks nice, is shiny, and is easy to wear and care for. <end>  Lovely simple accent ring.  Perfect accent ring for any silver Celtic knot work jewelry. It's well made, a good width and thickness, and appears as detailed in person as it is pictured. <end>  Perfect Simple Ring  Love this simple little ring. Just perfect to wear around with any kind of outfit. Actually wear it on my ring finger. <end>  Nice small ring  From the other reviews I was excepting something different, the first day wearing it I noticed that it left a mark around my finger. Don't get me wrong I still like the ring but I wont be wearing it like I had planned on. <end>  Great ring!  I've had this ring for over a year now and it's held up very well! I wear a size 6 on my middle finger (I have really slender fingers) and it's been there for quite some time now. It's light and slender and now I don't even notice it on my finger anymore. My ring hasn't contorted out of shape really, its still pretty circular and I'm sort of like a tomboy (I train in Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai and keep the ring on my finger while I train). I've gotten a ton of compliments on it! <end>  I love this ring.  This ring is great. I bought it for my pinky. It isn't to bulky or big. <end>  Overall Very Good Quality  I received this ring for Christmas after it was on my wish list for ever. I was completely happy with it.It was a bit big for my right pinky, which was measured professionally as a 4. It didn't bend or anything and I wore it everyday to school and color guard practice, and everyone always complemented on it. No green marks or tarnishing as far as I could tell.I ... lost it outside somewhere, but I'm getting another one! <end>  *Lovely*  This ring is just lovely!While advertised as a pinky ring, I actually wear it as a thumb ring. <end>  Love my pinky ring  The ring is just as described. It is petite and I like it on my pinky. <end>  smaller than i thought  i liked this ring, but it is a lot smaller than i thought it would be. i was thinking that it would be a thick and wide ring that i could put on my thumb, but it ended up being really small and dainty looking. <end>  LOVE this ring!!  Delicate and feminine. Sure to become a ring I wear every day. One other review said "flimsy" but they are so wrong! I tried to bend it but it wouldn't budge! Shipping was fast and secure. I will buy from this seller again. - I am VERY happy. <end>  Neverending Celtiic Knot Sterling Silver Ring  This ring is one of three I bought at the same time...the other two fit perfectly, and I wear them daily. This one just doesn't fit correctly. It says it's the right size, but it is either mis-marked or this company's size 7 is different from the standard size. Disappointed in the ring. <end>  narrow 4mm Neverending pinky ring  The ring fits great--I have 2 of them and wear them together on my pinky fingerThey fit right in with my other pinky rings and look really nice together. <end>  Will be much more careful next time  I will be MUCH more careful next time - if there is a next time, when ordering. The ring is very poor quality. My bad, the picture made it look better than it is. <end>  Beautiful but thin  The ring is a little bit on the thin side, I went to clean it and squeezes a little to hard when I was holding it and it started to bend. The holes in the knot are a little too small so if something gets in it like lotions or dirt its hard to get it out. <end>  VERY VERY THIN,  I LOVE THIS LITTLE RING, BUT ITS VERY VERY THIN METAL. CANT WEAR IT TO OFTEN CAUSE IT BENDS VERY EASYLY. THANKS <end>  Way too thin!  This ring is MUCH thinner that it appears on screen. I do like it and am keeping it but I doubt it holds up well. <end>  SMALL  This ring was extremely small. My Husband bought this for me as a "get out of trouble gift" and ordered a 10, well, we took it to our jewlers and it was an 8!!!! NOT COOL! <end>  Nice Ring  I love this ring. It is a nice heavy ring I wear as a thumb ring. I get lots of complaments on it. <end>  Nice ring!  Quite pleased with this ring! I adore Celtic stuff! Thankfully it does not leave a green ring on my finger like some other cheaper silver jewelry I bought. Thanks a lot!  o) <end>  Sweet and delicate  I ordered this as an everyday ring. I've been wearing it for a week straight and have had no issues with the ring at all. This would make a great promise or friendship gift. Everyone who asks seems to think it has a special story behind it! <end>  Pretty nice gift.  It felt a little cheap and flimsy to me, but my bestfriend, whom I bought it for, liked it very much! <end>  Great style!  I got this in the mail 2 days ago..It only took 3 days to get it..it's a little thin. It fits on my pointing finger..I love the design.. I got a size 9... It fits perfect! <end>  Exactly what we wanted  My daughter and I both ordered these. The sizes were perfect, and they arrived as expected. We wear them as Very pretty pinkie rings! <end>  TOO THIN!  This ring looked thicker than it was. It bent on my finger the first day. Quality is NOT GOOD and the photo is misleading. <end>  fits perfectly and love the detail  i absolutely love this ring. was eagerly awaiting its arrival and i slide on my finger as soon as it arrived and haven't taken it off! it looks as lovely as it does on the picture, beautiful luster and i highly recommend it! <end>  perfect  This ring I wear on my left thumb, in honor of my wonderful husband's forever love!! Fits perfectly, I only know it's there when I look! <end>  Sweet  Nice little pinky ring that blends into the backgroud which is exactly what I was looking for. The fit is great. It can be worn with any other rings and still look great. Not exactly cheap and the shipping jumps the price up there but I have enjoyed the quality of jewelry from the seller so it is worth it in the long run. <end>  Very Thin ring  This ring is very thin in volume this makes it very uncomfortable when wearing it cuts into the skin. For the price it is ok. <end>  Love this Ring  For all you naysayers out there, what on earth did you expect for the price. Shop on QVC or HSN and see what they charge plus they are limited in sizes. As far as bending I haven't had any problems. If you leave it on it will keep it from from tarnishing or you can do as I did and purchase and tarnish free jewelry box. I'm very pleased with my ring. <end>  One of my favorite rings  Bought as a toe ring. I never take it off. It has held its shape in the round and not warped at all. It is dainty and elegant looking, but strong and sturdy. This is one of my two favorite rings.Shipping was awesome. Arrived before estimated date. <end>  So very Dainty and Simply Cute  I absolutely love this dainty, and so very cute ring of simplicity. It says that this ring is to be a pinky ring. I believe it has several places to be worn pending how you care for your jewelry. As for me, I ordered this little treasure to be a thumb ring ~ not pinky. I haven't had any problems with size guessing as others speak of nor have I had any issues with my ring "bending". I've had this ring almost 2 weeks now and wear it 24 hours a day! It is a really beautiful simple ring to treat yourself with. If it helps with your decision...I am wheelchair bound and NO damage has been done to this wonderful little ring. May you enjoy this ring as much!!! <end>  good looking ring but very thin  the ring is nice but it can be bent very easily if your not careful, i have one but it bent very easy so becareful when you wear it. <end>  Lovely  Lovely ring, Just as described. It is truly .925 silver, I have an allergy to nickle and cannot wear any silver less than .925 Thank you! <end>  Nice Ring  Ordered this ring as a gift for my daughter. She is going to love it! It is thin but not flimsy, the detail is good and the ring is very pretty. <end>  Cheap little ring  Cheap little ring for the money I bought 2 to use as pinky rings they are very cheaply made and bend and not true to size. I like the design just wish it was sturdier and made so much better. <end>  Narrow, but nice  This is a great little ring for the price. It is narrow, as the listing states, and actually looks more like a toe ring than a finger ring, but still cute. It looks antique, since the silver is oxidized, and is comfortable to wear. <end>  Nice Celtic knot ring  A couple of weeks ago I lost my original celtic knot ring, which was a solid silver band with the continuous celtic knot band set off by a black background. I went on the net to search for another ring to replace it and found this ring on Amazon. It was inexpensive and the celtic knots were actually cut-outs. When the ring came, it fit perfectly (I had guessed on the size, actually) and was much more delicate than the picture had suggested. I love the ring, and was far more pleased with it than I had expected purely from the picture. It isn't showy or glaringly obvious, yet clearly a celtic knot if you look closely. Just what I wanted, and nice for a mass produced ring. Thanks, Amazon!!!!! <end>  Very beautiful!  ...First of all,I ordered it on the 8th and was expecting to get it by the 13th...I got it today! That was extremely fast!My oh my...this ring is so so pretty.It fits perfectly on my middle finger like it was made just for me.I love the fact that its just tiny enough...not to be insignificant but not to be ingnored either.But wait a sec...did the price just bump up few hours ago or what??lol <end>  Very Nice Ring  This ring is exactly what you see. Very dainty. If you want this ring for another finger other than your pinky, you will need to get it at least 2 sizes bigger. I would recommend this ring to anyone thinking of purchasing it. <end>  What you see...  ... is what you get. I ordered one size up and wear it on my ring finger. Cute and simple. Good buy at $10. <end>  silver insanity  Received order in excellent condition & timely manner, it's the perfect ring been looking for a year. Thanks , will order from this person without a doubt. <end>  silver knot ring  the ring is very bice, just too tiny... it bends so easy... but the price was good and shipping superfast as always <end>  kinda thin  This ring is definitely a pinky ring. Its a bit thin and can be easily bent. Not sure it is worth $10.00. I am keeping it, it just wont be my favorite. <end>  Love it!  I'm a bit obsessed with Diana Gabaldon's Outlander series right now, so I bought this ring to wear on my right hand, as Claire does with Jaime's ring. I love it! Great quality! <end>  turned finger green within a couple of hours  Turned my finger green in less than 2 hours after having it on. Didn't send it back cause it wasn't worth the hassle and cost. <end>  Simple and Clean  This ring is a perfect day-day ring. It's simple and matches almost any style, and yet still seems to maintain a clean "charm". It's a little unsturdy - if you're too rough with it it has a tendency to bend (but I'm sure that goes for most cheap rings). All in all, I love it and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for this style ring. 5 stars! <end>  Beautiful and delicate  This ring is exactly as advertised. It is pretty and simple. I love it and I wear it every day. I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  The wrong size  I ordered the wrong size and should've ordered a larger one. The ring is absolutely what I wanted but it was just a wee too snug! I ordered it because I really liked it but nothing was wrong with it. The detail on the ring was awesome the picture doesn't do it any justice! <end>  Simple, lovely.  I had added this to my Amazon wish list, and it's another of the items my husband bought me for Christmas. It's a bit lighter in weight than I expected, though I did expect it to be small in size. I wanted this as a pinky ring, and so a size 4 is perfect for my little hands and does not overwhelm them at all. I have a problem with many rings being too large and making me look like I'm a little girl playing dress-up in my mother's jewelry.  )Good quality, great price. <end>  Had it for Three Years!  I've worn this on a daily basis for three years, now! It's very pretty, and doesn't irritate my skin or turn it nasty colors! <end>  Beautiful  A very dainty little ring but so pretty. It fits great,was here in 3days & came in a nice little felt bag. It's a nice piece to my ring collection, I will buy from them again. <end>
 B000RE3J9S  Titanium New Magnetic Mens Golf Link Bracelet 8 inch ||	  Bracelet, magnetic  The information from Gem indicated there were 2 options for the Bracelet. One with gold center links and the other was all silver. The order form with Amazon only offered, the gold center link bracelet.I have worn it for two weeks and the gold center links have small worn spots.I would expect it to be more durable. I have worn a Nikken bracelet about 6 years and it shows only minor wear. <end>  Don't pinch pennies on Magnetic Bracelets ...  Basically, you get what you pay for. Magnetics is a fine-tuned theoretic science. I was given a gift of this one and with all due thanks to the giver, it looks OK. Do I notice a difference with those made another upscale, more expensive magnetic bracelet? Absolutely.Keep in mind - buy titanium or the bracelet will be heavier and may be annoying.Don't try to save a buck here. If the job could be done with $19.99 - $100.00 bracelets, that's all that would sell. This is one place where quality makes a difference - big time. <end>  Excellent  Thanks for the great service and the great product. I'll definately check you out again in the future. Keep up the good workThanks <end>
 B000RQ9J04  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Star Pendant (0.15 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Loves it!  I bought this ring for $50 around the holiday, and it's so cute that I would've gladly paid the retail price!The chain is quite thin, but I wear it all the time and am sure it will last. The star is about the size of a nickel, which I am really happy about.Everywhere I go I get compliments on it. Definitely a good investment! <end>  sparkles!  I recently ordered this item when it was on a gold box special and I love it! Although it is small (pendant is approximately the size of a dime) it shines and sparkles beautifully! I actually prefer the smaller dimensions, it makes it perfect for everyday wear. The item came packaged nicely in a blue pouch and box and arrived on time. <end>  Small but beautiful  I just ordered this for my sweetheart. It's beautiful and it made for a nice anytime gift. Note however, the dimensions. It looks rather large in the preview image, but it's actually diminutive in size.Comes in a nice bag within a nice box, and has an envelope with care instructions in it. Lovely! <end>  great item  Got this a few weeks ago and had gotten similar item at ostock it was priced at 80.00 i returned the ostock one due to the back not smooth and some what rough /itchy surface.[...] Was not expecting much but was delighted at it being better then what i had though it would be.The size is a bit smaller then a penny but is very shiney sparkerly and back is nice and smooth with a gold band following the pattern of the stars.Also lays nice against skin and shirt without any issues.Thanks amazon very pleased!Oh vale is nice enough to handel a gold chain .The chain included was very thin.... <end>  Not a bad deal for the price...  The diamond star is nice. Good gift for someone who likes small, understated jewelery. However, be prepared to spend more money on a different chain; the one included is barely bigger than a thread & would not hold up long. Overall, not a bad price for the pendant. <end>  Too small  The star is a bit small and flat looking. The chain is the thinnest I have ever seen. The pendant arrived with the chain tangled up in itself. I spent about two hours trying to untangle it. Fail. I sent it back. <end>  Fabulous!!!!  To say I was feeling rather nervous about this purchase would be understatement but I read all the previous reviews and thought to take a chance.. As I could not find this item in the stores here it was my only hope to order off Amazon. I can confirm that the necklace the charm comes on is crap but all freebie necklaces with charms are - no surprise!!! You are paying for the charm and this star pendant is great - I used to wear a diamond heart and got bored of it...So thi is a nice change.. I wear every day... If anything I was surprised it was a bit bigger than what I imagined but not too big...Overall I am very happy!! And love the compliments I get on it - especially when the diamonds catch the light and sparkle  o) <end>  perfect present  i got this product for my sister for christmas. she loves stars and she lost her previous star necklace her friends bought for her. she absolutely loves the necklace (and i even think it looks better than her old one). she loves the way it sparkles and how it's not large but not tiny. if she loses this one too, i know where to come again. <end>  Nice little just because gift  The star sparkles and it is a nice unassuming little gift for a friend.The chain was a disapointment. too flimsy, and it was tangled almost beyond repair.The star was little smaller than I expected, but it was still a good gift for the ocassion. <end>  star pendant  I purchased this for my daughter and she absolutely loves it. It is a beautiful necklace. It was packaged a little strangely, though. It was in a little jewelry bag, placed in a box. I think the box alone would've been better, but that still doesn't take away from the necklace. Great product! I would purchase another one as a gift. <end>  great value  I bought this for myself on sale and it is just what I wanted - a lot of sparkle for a little money. I have gotten many compliments on it. <end>
 B000UOKGUA  Sterling Silver Triquetra Celtic Knot Stud Earrings, 1/2 inch (11 mm) ||	  Not what I expected  earrings are too small and the post are very soft and bend very easily. Would not buy again or recommend <end>  Cute little earrings!  I love all my Celtic jewelry! These little earrings are adorable studs and match a couple of my Celtic pendants! <end>  love them  this came as promised and was really nice. I absolutely love them and wear them all the time.I recommended them to friends their site. <end>  Looks good but doesn't stand up  I received the SS Triquetra Celtic knot earrings. The engraving was detailed,the earring itself was a very thin metal and bent out of shape easily. The backings were tiny and I lost one within two weeks. <end>  Beautiful earrings  These are gorgeous earrings, very detailed. Certainly on the large side of 7mm (closer to 8-9), but still very nice. <end>  Wonderful  This product is by far the best workmanship i have yet to find. I have been wearing them for about a month straight and havent even lost a back will buy from this company in the future. <end>
